https://www.acrf.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Our commitment
The Australian Cancer Research Foundation (ACRF, we, us or our) (ABN 27 076 461 360) is committed to protecting your privacy. Your privacy is of paramount concern to us because we appreciate and value our supporters. This Privacy Policy sets out our practices in relation to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information. We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act) as well as other applicable laws protecting privacy.
We may modify or update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing it on this website. We encourage individuals to check our website periodically to ensure that they are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
By providing personal information to us, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of that personal information on the terms of this Privacy Policy and any other contractual or other arrangements that apply between us (if any).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to acts and practices in relation to employee records of our current and former employees, which are exempt from the Privacy Act.
What personal information we collect
We collect personal information from you that is necessary for us to perform our services, functions or activities. Personal information includes any information or an opinion about an individual that is reasonably identifiable. If you do not provide this information, we may not be able to provide some or all of our services to you.
We may collect the following types of information:
name
phone number
address
email address
telephone number and other contact details
age or date of birth
credit card information
other forms of payment information
your device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from our website, ad data, IP address and standard web log information
details of the services we have provided to you or that you have enquired about, including any additional information necessary to deliver those services and respond to your enquiries
any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website or indirectly through your use of our website or online presence or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information
information you provide to us through surveys.
When you apply for a position with us we may also collect the following information which may contain sensitive information:
working history
criminal records.
Why we collect information
We rely on financial support from the public to provide funding for cancer research.
We may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to communicate with you about our organisation, our activities, and provide information requested by you
to enable you to access and use our website and services
to operate, protect, improve and optimise our website, services, business and your experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing
to let you know the ways in which you may support us or make a donation
for the purposes of raising funds
for our general business operations
to enable you to apply for a position (as a volunteer or employee) with us
to comply with our legal obligations.
If your details appear on our donor or fundraising databases we may send you information about the Australian Cancer Research Foundation which we trust will be of interest to you.
This may take the form of emails, SMS, mail or other forms of communication, in accordance with the Spam Act, Do Not Call Register Act and Privacy Act. If you do not wish to receive this information you can opt-out by contacting our Privacy Officer using the information at the end of this Privacy Policy or by using the opt-out facilities provided (such as an unsubscribe link).
How we collect information
We collect information in many different ways, including from you directly, or from third parties. We collect information when you interact with us, including through sources such as In-memoriam donation envelopes, Appeal responses and from those who send in a donation with their personal details.
To whom we disclose your personal information
We may disclose personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, and this may include disclosures to:
our employees and volunteers
third party suppliers, and their employees, contractors and agents
specific third parties authorised by you to receive information held by us, including professional payment systems operators (including merchants receiving card payments)
professional advisers, dealers and agents
other persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies, or as required, authorised or permitted by law.
The disclosures referred to above may include disclosure to third parties to the extent necessary for them to perform their duties to us. Apart from the disclosures listed above, the Australian Cancer Research Foundation does not rent out, sell or otherwise share its donor information with any other organisation under any circumstances, unless otherwise notified to you.
We will not disclose any of your sensitive information unless the disclosure is directly related to the primary purpose of collecting the sensitive information.
Disclosure of personal information outside Australia
We may disclose personal information outside of Australia to third party service providers for our computerised cloud based systems who are locate in the USA, Singapore and India.
Security of your personal information
We may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form. We regard the security of your personal information as a priority and take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, and we use a number of physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures to protect your personal information. These measures include service contracts including confidentiality agreements with service providers compliant with international regulations on cyber security. We remind you, however, that the internet is not a secure environment and although all care is taken, we cannot guarantee the security of information you provide to us via electronic means.
Cookies
We may collect personal information about you through the use of cookies when you access and use our website. While no personal information is collected through the use of cookies, the cookies assist us to track patterns and visitor usage of our website (including which parts of the website you visit, the time and date of your visit and the internet protocol address assigned to your computer), which we use for the purposes of providing improved service and content based on aggregate or statistical review of user site traffic patterns.
If for any reason you wish not to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features of our website.
Links
Our website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites, and have no control over or rights in those linked websites. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy, so we encourage you to read them before using those websites.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
You have the right to access and correct the personal information we hold about you. If you would like access to the information we hold about you, if your details change or if you believe that your personal information held by us is inaccurate or out of date, please contact our Privacy Officer on the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Making a complaint
You may make a complaint about our handling of your personal information, including if you think we have breached the Privacy Act, by contacting our Privacy Officer on the details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. If we are not able to resolve your complaint, you may wish to contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, which will be able to provide you with information about your other options.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy please contact:
Privacy Officer at Australian Cancer Research Foundation,
Suite 2, Level 3
77 King St, Sydney NSW 2000,
Phone 02 9223 7833, facsimile 09 9223 1800 or email info@acrf.com.au
Download a hard copy version
First Name
Last Name
Email
FACEBOOK
Join our mission and Like Us on Facebook
@cancer_research
You’re invited to an inside look at cutting-edge cancer research across Australia hosted by comedian and mathematic… https://t.co/GL7mmeTCeT
Suite 2, Level 3, 77 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000
ABN: 27 076 461 360  ACN: 002 774 727
All donations of $2 and over are tax deductible in Australia.
Follow Us
Contact
Content Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Fundraising Guidelines
Australian Cancer Research Foundation is registered with the Australian Taxation Office as an Income Tax Exempt Charitable Entity: Charitable Fundraising Authority No 13585