https://www.gcvs.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy GCVS is committed to maintaining the privacy of all of our customers that visit and utilize our website. We realize privacy is a major concern today as people receive important communications via the internet and place orders for products through various websites. We want to you to feel safe, confident and secure placing orders through our website and submitting private patient forms via our email addresses listed. We believe in protecting your personal information including but not limited to your email, address, phone numbers, purchases, pet’s medical history, and financial data you choose to share with us. As you submit forms or orders with our company, we may use the information you provide to help fulfill your requests. We do not sell your personal information to any other companies. Our company may partner with other companies from time to time, but we will never share your personal data without your consent. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: GCVS will not divulge or sell email addresses to third parties. Please note that this site contains links to other websites. GCVS is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. GCVS uses order forms for current customers to request product refills. We will collect customer and patient information (like name, phone number, email address) in order to fulfill the requests. Order form information is used to contact the customer when necessary regarding order but is not used to send information about our company or promotional materials. Opt-Out Option – Please contact marketing@gcvs.com to request the removal of your information from our client website database or to no longer receive future communications. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of GCVS, or your dealings with this website, please contact Gulf Coast Veterinary Specialists. Gulf Coast Veterinary Specialists 8042 Katy Freeway Houston, TX 77024 (713) 693-1111
Search for: