https://www.podiatry.org.au/about/advertising-policy
Contact Us
Login
Join
Search
Australian Podiatry Association Advertising and Classifieds Policy
About UsAbout Us
Governance & Constitution
Online Communities
PartnersMember Benefit Partners
Endorsement
Advertising Opportunities Advertise with Us
Endorsement Program
Advertising Policy
NewsLatest News
Member Communications
Contact Us
AdvocacyAdvocacy Overview
Advocacy Key Areas
Professional Representation
Submissions
Position Statements
APodA Advertising and Classifieds Policy
ADVERTISING POLICY
The Australian Podiatry Association and member associations, as publishers, assert these publisher rights and discretions across all of their communications platforms, digital and print.
PUBLISHERS’ RIGHTS
Every advertisement or promotion submitted for consideration is subject to the publishers’ approval.
GENERALLY
The publishers may at their absolute discretion and at any time:
• Refuse to publish or distribute any advertisement without giving any reason (in which case, no charge to advertiser will be incurred)
• Cancel a campaign booking (in which case, no charge to the advertiser will be incurred for the unpublished portion of the campaign)
• Head an advertisement ‘Advertisement’ or ‘Advertising Feature’
• The publishers will refuse or withdraw from publication any advertising at any time that, in the opinion of the publisher, is illegal, defamatory, offensive, or obscene
IN PARTICULAR
The publishers will consider:
• If the products, services or activities are consistent with APodA’s health messages
• If there a possibility the products, services or activities, might serve to bring APodA into disrepute
• Whether the messages are misleading, exaggerated and/or open to misinterpretation; or contrary to accepted podiatry practice; or fail to conform to appropriate Government standards
• If the product, service or activity is such that its successful promotion might have a negative impact on the interests of the Australian Podiatry Association, or member associations, or the members of the member associations
Welcome, please login
Login
Forgotten your password?
If you have chosen the deferred payment option, please remember to change the Preferred Payment Day from the current day to at least 5 days ahead. Our finance team will receive the alert to put your monthly schedule on hold until October 2020.
If you don’t do this, the payment schedule will commence immediately and the first payment will be withdrawn from your credit card/account when you submit this form. No refunds will be provided for monthly payment schedules that commence immediately.
If you have not chosen the deferred payment schedule option then you can ignore this message.
a
Thank you for completing your membership application for 2020-2021.
If the COVID-19 crisis has not impacted you financially and you would like to donate a portion of the 25% savings offered this year through the COVID-19 financial relief membership pricing, please consider making a donation to APERF, the Australian Podiatry Education Research Fund, supporting podiatry research and clinicians.
To make a tax deductible donation click on the donate to APERF button, otherwise click on the close link below.
Donate Now
Close
.