http://www.mainlinefertility.com/privacy-terms/
×
Home
About Us
Doctors
Laboratory
Locations
Testimonials
In The News
Fertility Care
(IVF) In Vitro Fertilization
Non-invasive Preimplantation Genetic Testing (ni-PGT-A)
Preimplantation Genetic Testing
Endometrial Receptivity Analysis (ERA)
ReceptivaDX
Zymot Sperm Separation Device
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI)
(IVC) Invocell
(IUI) Intrauterine Insemination
Timed Ovulation
Third Party Reproduction
Gestational Surrogacy
Donor Egg
Donor Sperm
Embryo Donation Program
Become an Egg Donor
Fertility Preservation
Egg Freezing
Sperm Freezing
Embryo Freezing
Oncofertility
Recurrent Pregnancy Loss
Clinical Research Trials
Family Building
LGBTQ+ Family Building
Intentional Solo Parents
International Patients
PUAH
Non-Discrimination Policy
Resources
Your First Appointment
Patient Forms
Care Advocate
Support Groups
Make a Payment
Financial Information
Affording Care
IVF Refund Program
Discount Programs
Fertility Financing
Prescription Assistance
Billing
Mind, Body + Wellness
Counseling
Nutrition
Acupuncture
Supplements
Patient Favorites
Injection Training
Connect
Contact
Announce
Blog
Get Started
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
This notice discloses the privacy practices for  Mainline Fertility. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
COVID-19 Information and Changes in Care