http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-loss/types
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
42
www.HealthyHearing.com
Illustration explaining types of hearing loss.
The main types of hearing loss are sorted into three categories:
Sensorineural hearing loss, which means there is a problem occurring in either the inner ear or the auditory nerve, which delivers sound to the brain.
Conductive hearing loss, which means sound is not reaching the inner ear, usually due to an obstruction or trauma
Mixed hearing loss means the hearing loss is being caused by a combination of the two.
Illustration credit Hough Ear Institute
Sensorineural hearing loss
The most common type of hearing loss is sensorineural. It is a permanent hearing loss that occurs when there is damage to either the tiny hair-like cells of the inner ear or the auditory nerve itself, which prevents or weakens the transfer of nerve signals to the brain. These blocked nerve signals carry information about the loudness and clarity of sounds.
Causes
A hearing test can help determine what type
of hearing loss you have.
If a child is born with sensorineural hearing loss, it is most likely due to a genetic syndrome or an infection passed from mother to fetus inside the womb, such as toxoplasmosis, rubella or herpes.
When sensorineural hearing loss develops later in life—which is more typical—it can be caused by a wide variety of triggers.
Most common causes:
Normal aging (known medically as presbycusis, or age-related hearing loss)
Exposure to loud noises, often acquired on the job
Less common causes
Heart diseases and diabetes
Infections such as mumps
Meniere's disease
A side effect from medicines
Acoustic neuroma or other cancerous growths in the inner ear
Traumatic injuries that damage the inner ear or auditory nerve
Autoimmune diseases
Symptoms
The symptoms of sensorineural hearing loss affect both the loudness and the clarity of sounds. For many people, they will have high-frequency hearing loss, resulting in the following issues with hearing:
Speech of others may seem slurred or mumbled, or, a feeling of you can hear but not understand
Difficulty following a conversation when two or more people are speaking at the same time
A consistent ringing or buzzing in the ears (tinnitus)
Problems listening in noisy environments (e.g. train stations, construction sites, convention centers, sports arenas, etc.)
Difficulty hearing women's or children's voices and other high-pitched sounds
Certain speech sounds are difficult to hear during conversations (e.g. the "s" or "th" sound)
Noises may seem too loud or too quiet (yes, too loud!)
A feeling of being off-balance or dizzy
People with sensorineural hearing loss often say they can hear people speaking, just not clearly.
Treatment
There is no medical or surgical method of repairing the tiny hair-like cells of the inner ear or the auditory nerve if they are damaged. However, sensorineural hearing loss can be treated with hearing aids or cochlear implants, depending on the severity of the loss.
Assistive listening devices, like alerting devices, vibrating alarm clocks and captioned phones help provide a complete hearing solution. For people with severe-to-profound hearing loss, power hearing aids can help.
Conductive hearing loss
Ear infections in children are a common
cause of conductive hearing loss.
A less common type of hearing loss is conductive hearing loss, which occurs when there is an obstruction or damage to the outer or middle ear that prevents sound from being conducted to the inner ear. Conductive hearing loss may be temporary or permanent, depending on the cause.
Causes
The causes of conductive hearing loss can be differentiated by which part of the ear they affect—either the outer or middle ear:
Outer ear
Stenosis or a narrowing of the ear canal
Wax impaction
Exostoses (bone-like protrusions that can develop inside the ear canal and cause potential cause blockages)
Otitis externa (also known as swimmer's ear)
Obstructions caused by foreign bodies inserted into the ear
Microtia
Middle ear
A breach in the tympanic membrane (ear drum) caused by injury, ear infections or extreme and rapid air pressure changes
Tympanosclerosis, a thickening of the tympanic membrane
Otitis media (ear infection) and/or a buildup of fluid in the middle ear
Blockages in the Eustachian tube, which connects the middle ear to the back of the nose and throat
Otosclerosis, which affects the tiny middle ear bone known as the stapes
Abnormal growths or tumors that form within the middle ear, such as cholesteatoma or glomus tumors
Ossicular chain discontinuity, or a break in the connection between the bones of the middle ear, caused by injury or heavy trauma
Symptoms
Because the sensitive inner ear and auditory nerve are intact, an individual suffering from conductive hearing loss primarily has difficulty with the overall loudness of sounds, but not the clarity. Individuals with this kind of loss often find that turning up the volume of the radio or television is all it takes to improve their ability to hear. The following symptoms are also consistent with this type of loss:
Easier time hearing out of one ear than the other
Pain in one or both ears
Sensation of pressure in one or both ears
Difficulty or frustration with telephone conversations
A foul odor coming from the ear canal
A feeling that one's own voice sounds louder or different
Treatment
There are sometimes medical or surgical treatments that can improve the hearing ability for those with conductive hearing loss. For example, conductive losses caused by wax impaction, foreign objects, abnormal growths or ear infections can often be corrected with medical treatments, like extraction of earwax, antibiotics or surgical procedures.
Conductive hearing losses caused by other abnormalities, like stenosis of the ear canal, exostoses, otosclerosis and ossicular chain discontinuity are more difficult to treat medically and may be considered a permanent hearing loss. These conductive losses may be treated with either standard hearing aids or bone-anchored implantable devices.
Mixed hearing loss
Mixed hearing loss is any combination of sensorineural and conductive hearing loss.
Causes
Mixed hearing loss commonly occurs when the ear sustains some sort of trauma. It also can happen gradually over time when one hearing loss is compounded by another. For example, a person with a long-standing conductive hearing loss might experience age-related hearing loss as they age. Alternatively, a person with age-related hearing loss may have a temporary mixed hearing loss due to wax impaction.
Symptoms
The symptoms of mixed hearing loss will be some combination of those listed above for the other two types of hearing loss.
Treatment
Treatment options for mixed hearing loss will depend on whether the loss is more sensorineural or conductive in nature. If a greater portion of the loss is caused by a conductive component, surgical procedures and other medical treatments might be more effective in correcting the hearing concerns. If a greater portion of the loss is sensorineural, hearing aids or implantable devices may be the best option.
Single-sided deafness
Some people are born with hearing in only one ear. In other cases, a person may lose hearing in one ear as a child or adult. All types are collectively known as single-sided deafness. The cause can be sensorineural or conductive, and treatment varies depending on what's causing the hearing loss and how long a person has had it.
If this type of hearing loss develops suddenly, seek help promptly. Fast treatment is vital.
How to get help
If you or a loved one has a hearing loss, visit our directory of consumer-reviewed hearing clinics to find a professional right away. He or she will investigate the cause and suggest treatment options to suit your needs. Many conductive and mixed hearing losses can be treated medically and nearly all types of hearing loss is treatable with hearing aids, implantable devices and/or assistive listening devices.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
You are reading about:
Hearing loss / Types
Related topics
Symptoms Causes Tests Treatment Prevention Children Noise Middle ear infections
More information about
hearing aids, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Age-related hearing loss
How hearing loss and heart disease are linked
How high stress can lead to hearing loss
Hearing loss and listening fatigue
Medical doctors who treat hearing loss: Otolaryngologists and neurotologists
What is 'cookie-bite' hearing loss?
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Causes
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!