http://www.curegsd.org/privacy-policy
Info
Navigation
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Navigation
Cure GSD
Sample Donate Setup Page
Understanding GSD
What Is GSD?
Frequently Asked Questions
Helpful Links
Our Foundation
About Us
Board of Directors
Newsletters
Research
Current Research
Gene Therapy
Research Supported by our Foundation
Apply for a Grant
Get Involved
How You Can Help
Charitable Shopping
Fundraising Achievements
Sponsors
Donate
Donate Now
Give Monthly
In Tribute
Match Giving
GIFT FROM THE HEART
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy   Thanks for using our site. Here we describe how we collect, use and handle your information when you use our website, software and service ("Service").
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and protect our Service:
Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, and physical address. Some of our services let you access your accounts and your information.
Services. When you use our Service, we store, process and transmit your files (including stuff like your photos, structured data and emails) and information related to them (for example location tags in photos).
Usage. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.
Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect and promote the Service. For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with the Service, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services.
With whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to advertisers or other third parties.
We may share information with third-party software and marketing service providers to help us provide, improve, protect and promote our connections to you, the donor. These third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy, and we'll remain responsible for their handling of your information in accordance with our instructions.
Law & Order. We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of our website, or our users; or (d) protect our property rights, or the property rights of our software providers.
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and is a responsibility that we embrace. We believe that our users' data should receive the same legal protection regardless of whether it's stored on our Services or on their home computer's hard drive. We'll abide by the following principles when receiving, scrutinizing and responding to government requests (including national security requests) for our users' data:
Be transparent,
Fight blanket requests,
Protect all users and
Provide trusted services.
How
Security. Our service provider has a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities.
Retention. We'll retain information you store on the Service for as long as we need to do so to provide you the Service. If you delete your account, we'll also delete this information. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and backup storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements.
Where
Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and transmit information in the United States and locations around the world - including locations outside your country. Information may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Changes
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about the Service and privacy? Contact us at admin@curegsd.org
Join Mailing List
Tell A Friend
Donate Now
Upcoming Events
View Current Fundraisers
Start A Fundraiser
CONFIG TEMPLATE
This template controls the elements:
FOOTER: Footer Title, Footer Descriptions CUSTOM MENU: Images and columns into header main menu submenu items
* This message is only visible in administrative mode
The Children's Fund for Glycogen Storage Disease Research 20 Sherwood Lane Cheshire, CT 06410 203.272.CURE (2873) info@curegsd.org Sign In   Privacy - Terms - Refunds
We may use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. In accordance with our Privacy Policy, you hereby agree to our use of cookies on this device. AGREE