http://www.brynmawrurology.com/privacy-policy
The Bryn Mawr Urology Group
A Division of Academic Urology
Rosemont Business Campus
Building One Suite 300, 919 Conestoga Road
Rosemont, Pa 19010
610.525.6580
Click Here to Call on a Smartphone
Home
Team
Dr. David J. Ellis, M.D. F.A.C.S. – Pennsylvania Urologist
Dr. David McGinnis – Pennsylvania Urologist
Dr. Matt Soroush, M.D. F.A.C.S.
– Pennsylvania Urologist
Dr. James F. Squadrito, Jr., M.D. F.A.C.S. – Pennsylvania Urologist
Dr. Leigh Bergmann M.D. F.A.C.S. – Pennsylvania Urologist
Dr. Ilia Zeltser – Pennsylvania Urologist
Dr. Matthew E. Sterling, MD — Pennsylvania Urologist
Collin D. Cooper, PA-C
Prostate Cancer
Pre and Post Operative Care
daVinci Robot Experts
FAQ Robotic Prostatectomy
Prostate Videos
Treatments
New Treatments
General Urology Information
News
Make an Appointment
Make Appointment
Health Insurance Information
New Patient Information
Driving Directions
Emergency Contact
Patient Portal
MenuHome
Team
– Dr. David J. Ellis, M.D. F.A.C.S. – Pennsylvania Urologist
– Dr. David McGinnis – Pennsylvania Urologist
– Dr. Matt Soroush, M.D. F.A.C.S.
– Pennsylvania Urologist
– Dr. James F. Squadrito, Jr., M.D. F.A.C.S. – Pennsylvania Urologist
– Dr. Leigh Bergmann M.D. F.A.C.S. – Pennsylvania Urologist
– Dr. Ilia Zeltser – Pennsylvania Urologist
– Dr. Matthew E. Sterling, MD — Pennsylvania Urologist
– Collin D. Cooper, PA-C
Prostate Cancer
– Pre and Post Operative Care
– daVinci Robot Experts
– FAQ Robotic Prostatectomy
– Prostate Videos
Treatments
– New Treatments
– General Urology Information
News
Make an Appointment
– Make Appointment
– Health Insurance Information
– New Patient Information
– Driving Directions
– Emergency Contact
Patient Portal
Privacy Policy
The Bryn Mawr Urology Group respects the privacy of every person visiting our website. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.  We don’t collect personally identifiable information. We do collect cookies which are required for the operation of the site.
Unique Personal Information
Please note that we don’t harvest any info about you!
The Bryn Mawr Urology Group will not collect any personal information about you i.e., your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
General Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser, of computer operating system and the domain name of the website from which you linked to The Bryn Mawr Urology Group.
Information We May Automatically Place On Your Computer’s Hard Drive.
The Bryn Mawr Urology Group website will store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “Cookie” or similar file. This information would help us to improve our service we offer in a number of ways.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a short piece of data, not code, which is sent from a web server to a web browser when that browser visits the server’s site. The cookie is stored on the user’s machine, but it is not an executable program and cannot do anything to your machine. Cookies are required for ASP sites to work properly. They enable the server to tell one user from another. The server doesn’t care about a user’s details–just the fact that one user is different from another.
You can elect to get rid of cookies by going here.
Home
TeamNews
Prostate Cancer
Treatments
Office Location
Appointments
Privacy Policy
In affiliation with:
The Bryn Mawr Urology Group
Rosemont Business Campus
Building One Suite 300
919 Conestoga Road
Rosemont, Pa 19010
tel: 610.525.6580
Click Here to Call on a Smartphone
© 2020 The Bryn Mawr Urology Group.
All rights reserved.
Website Design and Videos Produced by ECP
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled