http://www.deakin.edu.au/students/help/evaluations-and-surveys/faq-deakin-online-student-evaluations
Enrolment, fees and money
Enrolment, fees and money
Enrolment
Before you enrol
Plan your course
Course maps
How to enrol
Enrolment codes and terminology
After you've enrolled
Re-enrol for next year
Change your enrolment details
Course transfer
Intermit or discontinue
Change your personal details
Rule breaches
Majors, minors and specialisations
Electives
STAR
Apply for cross-institutional study
Rights and Responsibilities
Information privacy for students
Articulation
University Handbook
2021 Handbook
2020 Handbook
2019 Handbook
Archived Handbooks
Archived Unit Guides
Fees
Scholarships
Scholarship payments
Intermitting your scholarship
FAQ
Important dates and census
Financial Assistance
Student loans
Natural disaster grants
Rural Clinical Support Scheme (Nursing and Allied Health)
Rural Clinical Support Scheme (Medicine)
WIL Student Support Scheme
Managing expenses
Centrelink approved courses for postgraduate students
Deakin Card
Your Deakin Card
Top up your Deakin Card
Letter requests and documentation
Academic documents
Insurance
Private Travel Insurance Policy
Personal Accident Insurance for students
Insurance for students on placements or work experience
Studying
Studying
Assessment and results
Result release
Results FAQ
Results key
Academic progress
Student integrity
Assignments
Exam timetables
General exam information
Campus based exams
Change Cloud campus unit exam location
Cloud Campus unit exams
Special consideration
Weighted Average Mark
Study support
Academic skills
HDR
Referencing
English for Uni
Masters by Coursework
Appointments
Students Helping Students
Academic Study
Getting Started and Orientation
Social Connections
DUELI and Deakin College
Become a mentor
SHS Contact Us
Get Started
NIKERI Institute
IAS
HDR
Graduates
Institute Staff
Exams
Student support
Timetables
International students
Enrolment Conditions for your Student Visa
Compliance and Visas
DUELI Independent learning centre
School Age Children
Deakin Abroad
Global Citizenship Program
Trimester Abroad
Short Term Partner Programs
Global Experiential Learning
New Colombo Plan
Faculty-led Study Programs
Information sessions
Costs and funding opportunities
Pre-Departure Sessions
International SOS
FAQs
Contact us
Awards and recognition
Vice-Chancellor’s Prize
VC's Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Uni Life
Vice-Chancellor's Medal for Recognising Excellence
Vice Chancellor's Award for Outstanding Achievement
Research prizes, awards and medals
Alfred Deakin Medal
Your Campus
Your Campus
Accommodation
Warrnambool
Geelong
Burwood
Geelong Waterfront
DRS Awards
Cloud campus
Get to Deakin
Active transport
Flexicar
Deakin bus services
Carpooling
Public Transport
Locations
Parking
Parking Fees and Charges
Infrastructure and Property Group
Room bookings
Timetable
Work request
Contractor Portal
Bulletin Board
IPG Feedback
Organisational Sustainability
A-Z Waste Disposal
Sustainability Information
Sustainability case studies
Get Involved
Sustainability Initiatives
Living Labs at Deakin
Student Lockers
Get Involved
Get Involved
Elite Athlete Program Profiles
Become a Peer Leader
DeakinACTIVE
DUSA
Health and Wellbeing
Health and Wellbeing
Medical Centres
Vaccinations
Campus Information
Online Booking
Physiotherapy
Travel Health
Health and Wellness Services
Safer Community
About Safer Community
Building a respectful community
Report a concern
Sexual harm disclosure
Multifaith Chaplains
Places of worship
Contact a chaplain
Our Chaplains
Disability Support
Who can use services?
Types of support
Request support
Working with DRC
Campus access
Disability Action Plan
Access Plans
Disability information for staff
Counselling
Topics to explore
About our service
Navigate
Respect. Now. Always.
Occupational Health and Safety
Health and wellbeing
Employee Assistance Program
ChemWatch
Checklists and forms
Accident and hazard reporting
Deakin LGBTIQ+ Staff and Students
LGBTIQ+ Discrimination and Complaints
LGBTIQ+ Inclusive Practices Guide
LGBTIQ+ support and resources
LGBTIQ+ Community
LGBTIQ+ Allies
LGBTIQ+ training
LGBTIQ+ international students
Intersex and diverse genders
LGBTIQ+ Working at Deakin
Sport and Recreation
Safety and Security
Safety and Security
Safety tips when out and about
Safety tips when on campus
Safer Community
About Safer Community
Building a respectful community
Report a concern
Sexual harm disclosure
SafeZone
Building Access
Building Access FAQ
DeakinTALENT
Faculties
Faculties
Faculty of Arts and Education
Enrolment
Assessment extensions
Peer mentoring
Work Integrated Learning
Academic Progress
Research
Faculty of Business and Law
International study opportunities (Intensive program)
MMM276 Intensive Program T3 2020 EOI Form
Intensive Units
Study abroad
BL Abroad
Student Support
Enhance your study
Research
Contact us
Deakin Bowater Business Challenge
EOI for visiting academics
Exchange Tracking Faculty of Business and Law
International opportunities
Work Integrated Learning (WIL)
Faculty of Health
School of Nursing and Midwifery
School of Health and Social Development
Student Support
Research
School of Exercise and Nutrition Sciences
School of Medicine
School of Psychology
International Study Opportunities
Work Integrated Learning
SEATS
Faculty of SEBE
Enrolment and course maps
Work Integrated Learning
Peer Support Network
Global Scholars
Global experiences and placements
Health and Safety
Research students
Architecture and Built Environment students
Engineering students
IT students
Life and Environmental Sciences students
Research
Research
PhD Xtra
Induction and Candidature
Induction
Completing your Candidature Engagement Form
Supervision
What is confirmation?
Changes to candidature
Candidature Frequently Asked Questions
Annual review
Annual Review - FAQs for supervisors
Publishing
Online forms
Course content
Research Support and Scholarships
Support
eResearch
Your thesis and examinations
Thesis structure options
HDR Examinations
Examination outcomes
Creative work examinations
Advice on writing your thesis
Examination procedures
Forms and guidelines
Policies and Procedures
Intellectual property
Grievances and problems
Forms and guidelines
Training and workshops
HDR contacts
Dean of Students
Dean of Students
Student Complaints
Student Conduct
Student Appeals
Appeal your decision
Help
Help
IT Help
ICT standards
Exam assessment banner Pink
Exam assessment banner Blue
Student Central
Evaluations and Surveys
eVALUate FAQ
eVALUate: You said, we did
Emergency and crisis information
Suicide intervention
Mental illness
Medical emergency
First Aiders
First aid and medical emergencies
Emergency policies
Critical incidents and trauma
About CloudDeakin
Browser Settings
FAQ
Help with CloudDeakin
CloudDeakin Guides
Making payments
Contact us
Library
DeakinSync
Contact
Help
Home
Home
Students
Help
Evaluations and Surveys
eVALUate FAQ
eVALUate FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions for students
Error Message: 'you are not required to evaluate online at this time'
This error message occurs when
the system cannot find your username. This can
be because you don't have any units to evaluate.
I can’t logon to do my evaluations.
Students should use their standard
student Deakin username and logon.
The link to the survey does not work.
If the link does not
work automatically by clicking on it from the email invitation, then copy and
paste the link into a new browser session.
I have made a mistake on the survey, can I re-do it?
Your eVALUate responses cannot be altered or deleted once they have been submitted on the online evaluations system.
Is this compulsory?
No, it is not compulsory. However, we believe it
is the right of every student to be able to provide feedback on their units and
teachers. Feedback provided can, and does, assist staff in improving units and
their teaching.
I haven’t completed all aspects of my unit, why are you asking me for feedback now?
The unit evaluations are conducted over several weeks to allow for the variety of units offered at Deakin. You are able
to respond to the survey anytime up until the date indicated in your invitation
emails.
I don’t want all these reminders
The evaluation period runs for several weeks with multiple reminders. You will receive a reminder for your units that have not been
evaluated. This is an automated aspect of the online evaluations system that
cannot be 'turned off' for individual students. Once your unit(s) has/have been
evaluated you will not receive any more reminders. You should just ignore the reminders
until you receive the final reminder if you wish to delay your evaluations.
I am not the student the email was sent to.
Forward the original email with your issue to dusurvey@deakin.edu.au
for further investigation
The wrong teaching staff is on the survey.
The teaching staff names are entered
by the School/Faculty responsible for the teaching
of the unit and cannot be changed once the evaluations period has commenced. Do
not provide feedback or evaluate teaching staff that have not taught you – leave this blank and add your comments in the section relating to the unit as a whole
I want to evaluate a teacher that is not on the survey form.
If you wish to provide feedback for staff member
not on the survey you can do so through alternative channels ie by contacting
the Unit Chair, Head of School and/or the Associate Dean (Teaching &
Learning).
I am not enrolled in this unit/these units.
This is most likely due to a late withdrawal
from the unit/s– you will still be included in the evaluations if you were
enrolled in the unit(s) after the trimester census date. You do not need to
complete the unit evaluations if you do not wish. As it is an automated process
you will continue to get reminders until the conclusion of the evaluation
period. You may just ignore these.
My unit/s is not listed that I wish to provide feedback on.
Some units are exempted from being part of
standard online evaluations system and process. This may be due to the unit/s
being part of a thesis, having a substantial research component, being a work
placement, an industry project or there may be alternative arrangements in
place for the evaluation of the unit/s. You may provide your feedback to the
Unit Chair, Head of School and/or the Associate Dean (Teaching & Learning).
Are my results confidential?
Yes, only aggregated data are included in any reports. However, your comments are available verbatim to line management of the unit(s). This includes named teaching staff, unit chair, Head of School, Associate Dean (Teaching & Learning) and Faculty Pro Vice-Chancellor, so be sure to not include information that may identify you in your comments. Any comments you provide should be constructive and respectful in accordance with your responsibilities as a Deakin student under the Student Code of ConductIn rare instances a student may be identified from the survey when their comments indicate that there is a threat to their own safety and well-being, or the safety and well-being of other students or staff.  The process involves the relevant Unit Chair/teacher alerting senior Faculty staff to a comment/s. These comments are then considered as to their possible/probable impact by at least two senior staff. If it's agreed that the comments/s indicate that there is a threat to student's own safety and well-being, or the safety and well-being of other students or staff, only the Dean of Students is given access to the identity of that student so that appropriate steps can be taken to ensure the student’s safety or that of others.
I am hesitant to provide feedback in case it influences my unit results/grades.
Your results are confidential (please refer to Are my results confidential?). Your comments are available verbatim to line management of the unit(s) after the survey period has finished, data has been checked/released, and after your results have been released/the next trimester has commenced.
I wish to make a complaint about the survey/ a teacher/ my unit(s)/ my course or another aspect of Deakin University.
As a student, you have the right to express legitimate concerns and complaints and to have them considered through a fair and transparent process. The Student concerns and complaints page provides information about how to raise your concerns or to lodge a formal complaint.
What is done with my responses?
Your evaluation survey responses are used for a variety of purposes in the context of monitoring outcomes and informing continuous quality improvement. Examples are
as follows:Staff responsible for the teaching of units as well as Unit Chairs and other senior Faculty staff review the feedback and use them to inform continuous quality improvement of our units and teachers, as well as to review the effectiveness of changes implemented.Aggregated outcomes are monitored to assess changes over time for different cohorts, and to inform decisions as to which areas may require further attention.For each trimester, a report is presented to the University Teaching and Learning Committee on aggregated eVALUate unit outcomes with comparative data over time focusing on percentage agreement. Significant differences at the Faculty and School level and unit variances to the norm are highlighted. In addition, each Faculty provides a report on areas of strength, areas for improvement and actions undertaken or that will be taken in response.Teacher evaluation outcomes inform staff probation and performance reviews, teaching awards and promotions processes.Aggregated unit outcomes of at least 10 responses by Faculty, School, Unit and Location/Campus combinations are reported publicly to inform students and the broader public in the interests of transparency at https://apps.deakin.edu.au/evaluate/results/general.php
Other Queries Not Covered AboveFor queries regarding surveys not covered above or in relation to student evaluations administration, analysis & reporting email the Strategic Intelligence and Planning Unit (SIPU), dusurvey@deakin.edu.au. Emails to this address are regularly monitored and will be forwarded to the appropriate person for follow-up.
Help
IT Help
ICT standards
Exam assessment banner Pink
Exam assessment banner Blue
Student Central
Evaluations and Surveys
eVALUate FAQ
eVALUate: You said, we did
Faculty of Arts and Education
Faculty of Business and Law
Faculty of Health
Faculty of Science, Engineering and Built Environment
Emergency and crisis information
Suicide intervention
Mental illness
Medical emergency
First Aiders
First aid and medical emergencies
Emergency policies
Critical incidents and trauma
About CloudDeakin
Browser Settings
FAQ
Help with CloudDeakin
CloudDeakin Guides
Making payments
Last updated: February
3,
2020 (10:13am)
Page custodian: Strategic Intelligence and Planning Unit
We use cookies to improve your experience. You consent to the use of our cookies if you proceed. Visit our Privacy policy for more information.
OK