http://www.mydenturecare.com/privacy-policy/
A
A
Back Location Selector
Internet Privacy Policy
Use of information, data protection and internet privacy
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is concerned for the privacy of visitors to its websites and protection of privacy is extremely important to us. However, please remember that the security of information transmitted over the Internet cannot be assured.
The following sections generally describe the types of information collected at GSK sites and the uses made of it.
Personally identifiable information
GSK collects health-related data and personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, email address or other information only when it is asked for and voluntarily submitted to us on this site. We may use the information to improve our level of service and the content of our website. Where you indicated your consent, we may also provide you with tips, helpful information, product news and updates via email; send you samples of products; notify you of new GSK products and services; seek your views on our products and services and for our own internal purposes.
Please note that by submitting health-related data and personally identifiable information and, where appropriate, indicating your consent to receive further information or otherwise be contacted directly, you are consenting to such information being processed for the above listed purposes. Further, you agree that GSK shall have the unrestricted right to use and store on its internal systems, whether in or outside the EU, any such information provided by you. In this context please note that your information may cross national borders during processing.
This website and the database that will hold any information submitted by you are hosted by GSK's selected third party suppliers in the United States, in accordance with instructions issued by GSK from the UK and this Privacy Policy. By submitting personal information you are consenting to your personal information being processed in the United States. If you have any queries regarding this, please contact GSK on the address given below.
Under relevant data protection legislation (the Data Protection Act 1998 in the UK) you are entitled to obtain from GSK (the Data Controller for the purposes of data protection legislation) a printout of the data held concerning you and to have any inaccuracies in this data rectified.
You always have the right to (a) opt out of receiving communications from us; and (b) opt out of further disclosures of your personally identifiable information to third parties. To do so, please complete the Contact Us page on this website or call us toll free at [insert local contact number] to opt out. Your request will be processed within 10 days.
Non-personally identifiable information
GSK also collects non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to track data such as the total number of visits to our websites, the number of visitors to each page of our websites, and the domain names of our visitors' internet service providers. We use this information, which remains in aggregate form, to understand how our visitors use our websites so that we may improve them. We may also share this information with other GSK companies. NO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROCESS.
Use of IP addresses
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a set of number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log on to your internet service provider or through your organisations local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN). Web servers automatically identify your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your session online.
GSK may collect IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration and to audit the use of our site. We do not ordinarily link a user's IP address to personally identifiable information of that user, which means each user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. However, we may use IP addresses to identify users of our site when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the sites terms of use, or to protect our service, site or other users.
Links to other websites
GSK websites provides links to other GSK and third party websites as a service to our users. The privacy policy described here does not apply to those sites. Please ensure you check the legal and privacy policy section of any site you link to.
Cookie information for users
Like most other companies, GlaxoSmithKline uses "cookies" to improve the experience for our website visitors.
Cookies are tiny files, composed of a string of letters and numbers, placed on your computer by web page servers. They enable the website owner to distinguish you from other users of the website. Cookies cannot be executed as code or used to deliver viruses and they cannot enable us to access your hard drive. We cannot read any information on your hard drive even if we store cookies there.
The data generated through cookies on GlaxoSmithKline websites can be used for various purposes including the following:
Strictly Necessary: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website and saving items to a shopping basket.
Performance: These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often and if they receive error messages. These cookies are used to improve how a website works in future versions.
Functionality: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make such as user name, language or region you are in and provide a more enhanced personal experience.
Targeting or Advertising: These cookies are used to deliver content more relevant to you and your interests.
We don't permit any third parties to advertise on our website but we cannot control advertisers that are allowed by internet service providers to advertise whilst you are browsing on the internet.
GlaxoSmithKline is required by law to obtain your consent for all types of cookies that we place other than those that are "Strictly Necessary". Therefore, GlaxoSmithKline has made it easier for you to manage the different types of cookies that are used on our websites intended for use in the EU by allowing you to choose whether cookies are placed when browsing our website when you begin your visit. However, please be aware that if you use block cookies (including Strictly Necessary cookies) you may not be able to access certain functionality or parts of this site.
Security
GSK operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. GSK has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control.
Except as outlined below, only authorised employees have access to the information you provide us. Further, we impose strict rules on GSK employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur; we make every effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Sharing personally identifiable information with third parties
GSK will not sell or rent personally identifiable information to any third party for any purpose. In certain special cases, we may disclose your personally identifiable information in the following circumstances:
(i) Sometimes carefully selected third parties are used to provide GSK with support services in connection with its website and such parties may, from time to time, have access to your information to enable them to provide those services to GSK. Please rest assured that all companies providing such support services are required by GSK to meet the same high standard of data protection;
(ii) When we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, or otherwise injuring or interfering with GSK's rights, property or operations, other users of this site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities; or
(iii) When we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a pending civil case or administrative investigation.
Binding nature
By submitting personal and/or health related data you agree to be bound by our Internet privacy policy and agree that GSK may, in its sole discretion, disclose information about you in the circumstances and to the extent set out in this policy.
Contact us
You can request a copy of the information we hold concerning you or revoke your consent to our using your information for the above listed purposes at any time by contacting us at: customer.relations@gsk.com
Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated promptly on this page.
Did you find this page helpful? Share it
Contact
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
©2016 GlaxoSmithKline Pty Ltd ABN: 47 100 162 481 – All rights reserved. POLIDENT, COREGA, and POLIGRIP are registered trademarks of the GSK group of companies.
The content of this website is intended for global audiences.
©2016 GlaxoSmithKline Pty Ltd ABN: 47 100 162 481 – All rights reserved. POLIDENT, COREGA, and POLIGRIP are registered trademarks of the GSK group of companies.
The content of this website is intended for global audiences.
You are leaving the Polident website and been redirected to an external site.Please press Ok to continue and Cancel to stay on the same page