http://www.hibm.org/arm/privacy_policy
You are using a browser that is either out of date or not supported.
HIBM.ORG is best viewed using Firefox, Safari, Opera, or IE 6+.
Thank you for your attention.
Search
Contact Us
Careers
Get Involved
Log In
Home
About ARM
Our Mission
ARM Newsletter
Promotional Material
How Your Donations Are Used
Tax Returns
Press Room
Contact Us
About HIBM
Living with HIBM
Maintaining Wellness
Research
Grant Program
Clinical Trials
Research Progress
Awarded Projects
Community
Personal Stories
Support Groups
Community Fundraising
Photo Album
Events
Featured Events
Events Calendar
Event Archive
Donate
Privacy Policy
Your privacy and private information is of utmost importance to ARM. We believe your information should be only under your own control. Additionally, we believe you should know as much as you wish about who we are, and what we do, before giving your email or any other personal information.
Who are we? This is the official web site of Advancement of Research for Myopathy (ARM). ARM was founded by two physician brothers, both affected with HIBM. The board of directors is composed of upstanding community members, medical and legal professionals, and family members and friends of patients. ARM's postal address is PO Box 261926, Encino, CA 91426-1926. You can reach ARM by phone at (800) ARM-2000. ARM can also be reached via
e-mail form, we don't post our email online to prevent spam robots (programs that search the internet for email addresses to sell or use to send unwanted email) from collecting our email information. When you visit our web site, our server does not automatically capture your domain name or e-mail address.
We only collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on which pages visitors access, and gather information volunteered by the visitor, such as on-line donation data, survey information and/or guest book registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site, to advise visitors of new on-line material, and to provide occasional updates about our research efforts and what's new at ARM. Information generated through our Web site is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you don't wish to receive future e-mail communications from ARM, please let us know by contacting us.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information about our programs, upcoming events and/or opportunities to support our efforts. If you don't want to receive such mailings, please contact us. We'll be sure your name is removed from our mailing list.
People who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive a call from us if there are questions regarding your on-line donations or other information needed to protect your privacy.
Thank you for visiting ARM website, hope you have an enjoyable experience.
Copyright |
Privacy Policy |
Technical Support |
Disclaimer |
Member Login