https://www.thriftywhite.com/privacy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: March 30, 2020
Thrifty White Pharmacy (“Thrifty”) is committed to maintaining our customers’ privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how Thrifty may collect, use, share and protect information about you through your interactions with us on this website. By using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. In some circumstances, Thrifty’s use of your information will be subject to the requirements of the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). In those circumstances, Thrifty’s Notice of Privacy Practices will apply.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the way your information is collected and used, or which policy applies to the information you have submitted, please call us at 763-513-4300 or email us at privacyofficer@thriftywhite.com.
Thrifty reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective upon the posting of a revised Privacy Policy. Your use of the website following any changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
When you interact with this website or use any of our services, we collect certain information about you. Some examples of personal information we collect and the situations in which we may collect it include when you:
Make an in-store or online purchase, or any other transaction with us;
Participate in a loyalty program, contest, sweepstake, promotion or survey;
Register for accounts on our website or mobile applications;
Indicate that you are interested in receiving information about our products or services, such as through e-mail alerts, mailings, or other notifications;
Contact us, such as through our website, mail, or customer service call; or
Post a review or comment on one of our websites.
Information we collect about you may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any other information you enter on our website.
We also gather information whenever you visit, log in, or otherwise interact with our website. This information may include device information, location information, or web cookies (“Cookies”). Cookies are small computer files that are sent from a website’s server to your device’s hard drive, which store user preferences and other types of information. We may use Cookies to enhance and operate our website and services, such as to save user preferences and information, preserve session settings and activities, authenticate users, enable support and security features, and analyze the use of our website and its various features and content. Most Internet browser settings allow you to manage Cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including the ability to disable such technologies.
How We Use Your Information:
We may use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Operating our website and developing new functionality and features;
Responding to questions and communications, fulfilling your requests, or obtaining your feedback about our website;
Preparing and delivering announcements about features, functionality, terms of use, or other aspects of our website;
Detecting, preventing or investigating potential security breaches, fraudulent transactions and monitoring against theft;
Providing you with more relevant content, including tools, assessments, programs, or medical-related information or services;
Analyzing usage trends and patterns and measuring the effectiveness of content, programs, or the features or functionality of the website;
Safeguarding and protecting our website, the information we collect, and the rights of Thrifty or our third parties;
Any other purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use;
In accordance with our Notice of Privacy Practices, if such information is personal health information;
As necessary or appropriate under applicable law and to comply with legal process; or
Any other purpose for which we have your permission.
Security
To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and protect against inappropriate use of the information we collect, store and transmit, Thrifty uses a range of technical, physical and administrative safeguards. These include secure servers, databases, backups and firewall technologies. However, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure at all times.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any access information and passwords for the website, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.
Third Party Services
This Privacy Policy applies only to our website and services. It does not apply to any services offered by third parties, including websites and other online services, to which our website may provide links. When you click on such links, you will be visiting websites or interactive services operated by third parties, who have their own information collection practices. We do not have control over how any third party collects or uses information, so please be sure to review their privacy policies.
How to Contact Us:
If you have additional questions, you may contact us by:
Phone:
763-513-4300
Email:
privacyofficer@thriftywhite.com
Mail:
Thrifty White Pharmacy
Attn: Privacy Officer
6055 Nathan Lane N, Suite 200
Plymouth, MN 55442