http://www.nemours.org/privacy-practices.html
Notice of Privacy Practices
Skip Navigation
I Want To:
Find a Doctor
View Insurance Accepted
Pay My Bill
Find Clinical Trials
Log Into the Nemours App
Refer a Patient
Make a Gift
Send eCard
Care & Treatment
Find a Doctor
Insurance We Accept
Medical Services A-Z List
Online Video Doctor Visits
International Medicine
Refer a Patient
Locations
Find a Location
Research
Areas of Research
Clinical Trials
Find a Researcher
Collaboration Opportunities
View All Research
Professional Education
Delaware Area Graduate Medical Education
Jacksonville, Fla. Graduate Medical Education
Orlando, Fla. Graduate Medical Education
Continuing Medical Education
View All Professional Education
Giving
Make a Gift
Special Events
Ways to Give
Volunteer
View All Giving
Nemours Patient Portal
Nemours App Login
Home> Notice of Privacy Practices
Back to top
Notice of Privacy Practices
Aviso de Prácticas de Privacidad en español »
Effective Date: March 7, 2019
The Nemours Notice of Privacy Practices (Notice) describes how medical information about you or your child may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
It's Your Information
Your health record belongs to Nemours, but it’s your information.
It is our responsibility to…
Maintain the privacy and security of your health information.
Follow the duties and privacy practices described in this Notice.
Give you a copy of this Notice and be available to you if you have any questions or concerns.
Use or share your information only as described here unless you tell us we can.
Notify you promptly if your information has been compromised.
We know your health information is very personal and we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Notice applies to The Nemours Foundation and all of its affiliated companies, facilities, programs, and departments. This includes all employed physicians and other members of the medical staff and allied health professionals. Members of the medical staff, including your personal physician, may have different privacy policies or practices related to the use or disclosure of your protected health information. View complete list of Nemours locations and affiliated companies. »
Your Health Information Rights
Access to Records
You can ask to receive an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information. We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.
In rare circumstances, we may deny your request along with an explanation. If we deny your request, you may request a review by another health care professional, who will be chosen by Nemours, and we will comply with the outcome of the review.
Request Restrictions
You can ask Nemours not to share your health information for treatment, payment or health care operations. You can also request a restriction of release to people involved in your care. For instance, you can request that we do not share information about a procedure or treatment.
We are not required to agree to your request, but we will try to do so and will let you know if we can. If we do agree to the restriction, we will comply with it unless the information is needed to provide treatment.
If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer. We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.
Requests for Confidential Communications
You can ask us to contact you about health matters in the way that makes you comfortable. For example, you can ask that we only contact you at work or by mail. We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests.
Corrections to Protected Health Information
If you believe the information we have is incorrect or incomplete, you may request an update.
Nemours will review the request and notify you of our decision in writing. If approved, Nemours will update the information. We will also make a reasonable effort to notify people to whom the information was released.
In case we deny the request, Nemours will provide the reason for the denial within 60 days and instructions on how to appeal the decision.
Accounting of Disclosures
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, whom we shared it with, and why.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.
Where can I get a copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices?
You can ask for a paper copy of this Notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the Notice electronically. Please ask any Nemours Associate and we will provide you with a copy promptly.
Correctional Institutions. We may share or release your health information with a correctional institution or law enforcement official if you are in their custody. This is necessary to provide you with health care, to protect the health and safety of others, or for the safety and security of the correctional institution.
National Security and Intelligence Activities. We may release your health information to authorized federal officials for intelligence, counterintelligence and other national security activities authorized by law.
Protective Services for the President and Others. We may share your health information to government law enforcement so they may provide protection to elected constitutional officers, heads of state or to conduct investigations.
Law Enforcement. We may share your health information if asked to do so by law enforcement officials:
trying to identify or locate a criminal suspect, fugitive, material witness or missing person investigating a crime.
investigating a death we believe may be the result of suspicious conduct.
in necessary circumstances to report a crime — including the location, victims, or the identity, description, or location of the person who committed the crime.
Research. We conduct and participate in many research activities. All research projects must be approved through a special review process to protect patient safety, welfare and privacy. The review process determines whether the request for your information has met federal and state requirements to protect your information.
What health information may Nemours use and disclose if you do not object?
Marketing. Nemours may use your health information to send you educational materials related to your illness or condition, to advise you about certain treatment alternatives related to your illness or condition, or to tell you about certain health-related benefits and services related to your illness or condition.
Hospital Directory. We will include limited information about you in our hospital directories while you are visiting. This is so your family, friends, and clergy can contact or visit you in the hospital. It is your choice whether you want your information included in our directory. At any point during the stay you can request that your information be excluded from the directory.
Family Members and Others Involved in Your Health Care. We may share your health information with your friend(s) or family member(s) involved in your medical care, once you give us permission to do so. In addition, we may disclose health information about you to organizations assisting in a disaster relief effort (such as the Red Cross) so that your family can be notified about your condition, status and location. If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your personal representative, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information. We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.
How might Nemours use and share my information?
We may use and share your health information for the following purposes and examples:
To ensure you get the best treatment possible. We will share details of your diagnosis and treatment information with your other health care providers. We will share diagnosis and treatment information with Health Information Exchanges so that you don’t experience unnecessary delays in your care when you are treated by providers who participate in those exchanges. You can contact the Privacy Office to prevent your information from being shared with Health Information Exchanges. We will share your diagnosis and treatment information within Nemours as needed to provide the best care possible.
To receive payment for the services we provide. We give your insurance company information so they can pay us for services provided to you. Planned treatments may be shared so that we can get approval for your needed services.
To improve the delivery of our care and operations. We may use all, or part, of your health information to improve treatment methods. We will use your health information to offer the best services to our patients and families. We may share your health information with our business partners to evaluate our services, programs, and facilities.
To inform you of health-related services and benefits:
so that you know about new Nemours services or locations
to send you educational materials about your illness or condition
to announce the addition or departure of a doctor or other care provider
to remind you about appointments and prescription refills
to tell you about special events and fundraising activities
To collaborate with other health care organizations and providers to coordinate and provide care, reduce costs, improve quality, and provide increased value for the services we provide. Examples of these partnerships are:
Clinically Integrated Networks (CIN),
providing services at other health care organizations, and
other Organized Health Care Arrangements (OHCA).
What information might we share without you agreeing or objecting?
If Required by Law. If federal, state or local laws require us to share your health information, we are compelled to do so.
Public Health Purposes. We may share your health information for public health activities. Public health activities are things such as:
preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability
reporting births and deaths
reporting reactions to medications or problems with products
notification of recalls of products a person may be using
notifying a person who may have been exposed to a disease or may be at risk for contracting or spreading a disease or condition
Abuse or Neglect. We may share protected health information to a public health authority or other government authority that is authorized by law to receive reports of abuse, violence or neglect.
Health Oversight Activities. We may share your health information to an oversight agency for activities authorized by law. Examples are audits, investigations, inspections and licensure. These activities are necessary for the government to monitor the health care system, government programs and compliance with laws and regulations.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety. Nemours may use or disclose your health information when necessary to prevent a serious threat to the health and safety of the public, another person, or you.
Organ and Tissue Donation. If you are an organ donor, we may release your health information to organizations that handle organ procurement or organ, eye or tissue transplantation, or to an organ donation bank, as necessary to facilitate donation and transplantation.
Workers’ Compensation. We may release your health information for workers’ compensation or similar programs. These programs provide benefits for work-related injuries or illnesses.
Military and Veterans. If you are a member of the armed forces, Nemours may release your health information as required by military command authorities.
Judicial and Administrative Proceedings. We may share your health information in response to a court or administrative order, subpoena, discovery request or other lawful process by someone else involved in the dispute.
Coroners, Medical Examiners and Funeral Home Directors. We may release your health information to a coroner or medical examiner. For example, this may be necessary to identify a deceased person or determine the cause of death. We may also release your health information to funeral directors to carry out their duties.
What about other uses of my health information?
Uses and disclosures of your health information not covered by this Notice or federal or state laws that protect your health information will be made only with your written authorization.
Can I revoke my authorization to disclose information?
If you authorize us to use or disclose your health information, but you change your mind, you can revoke your authorization at any time by submitting your request to the Nemours Privacy Office. We will stop sharing your information immediately upon processing your request. However, we will be unable to recall/redact any information we have already shared.
Can I be removed from fundraising communications?
We may contact you for fundraising efforts, but you can tell us not to contact you again. If you don’t want to receive requests or communications about fundraising, please email giving@nemours.org or write to Nemours Fund for Children’s Health, Shands House, 1600 Rockland Road, Wilmington, DE 19803.
How do I contact the Nemours Privacy Office?
You can reach the Nemours Privacy Office at (800) 472-6610, email privacy@nemours.org, or contact us by mail at this address:
The Nemours Privacy Office, Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
10140 Centurion Parkway North, Jacksonville, FL 32256
What if I believe my health care information rights have been violated and I want to file a complaint?
You may file a complaint with Nemours or with the Department of Health and Human Services. You will not be retaliated against for filing a complaint.
You can file a complaint with the Office for Civil Rights, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 200 Independence Avenue, SW, Room 509F, HHH Building, Washington, D.C. 20201, calling (877) 696-6775, or visiting www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints .
You may also contact us directly to resolve any concerns or questions about your health care information. Please contact the Nemours Chief Privacy Officer at (800) 472-6610, email privacy@nemours.org, or contact us by mail at this address:
The Nemours Privacy Office, Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
10140 Centurion Parkway North, Jacksonville, FL 32256
If you wish to remain anonymous, call NEM-HOTLINE (866-636-4685).
What if my information is lost or stolen from Nemours?
The Nemours Privacy Office will contact you, informing you what information was lost and how best to protect yourself.
Language Assistance;
Language assistance services are available to you, free of charge. Please call (800) 851-5691 for help. Here is where you can find more information: https://www.nemours.org/notice-of-nondiscrimination.html.