http://www.therapyindex.com/privacy/
Login
Register
Home
Listing CategoriesCounselingHypnotherapyLife CoachingMediationOnline therapyPsychotherapyServicesSupervisionTraining
Event CategoriesConferences
Contact us
Search For
Practices
Events
e.g. Counseling, Hypnotherapy
Near (city, country)
Search
» Privacy Policy
This is the web site of therapyindex.com
Our postal address is
12 Lawton Road
Stockport SK4 2RG United Kingdom
We can be reached via e-mail at info@therapyindex.com
or you can reach us by telephone at +44 (0)161 610 0927
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, and is disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends and to track affiliate referrals.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
www.amazon.com
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.therapyindex.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this website and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Updated 15 November 2011
Join therapyindex.com today!
Sign up in seconds and update your listing at anytime! After all, it's your practice. it's your profile!
Showcase your qualities and experience, and generate more inquiries.
Reach thousands of visitors searching for practitioners near them that offer the services YOU provide!
Register or login to add your practice listing. It's quick and easy!
Add a practice nowSee who has recently joined:
Online Therapy and Counseling Until Midnight by Dr. John Silver
New You Counseling Services
Horizons Counselling and Psychotherapy
London Counselling & Psychotherapy
Stuart A. Kaplowitz, MFT
Info
Add an event!
Add your listing!
Banners and logos
How to be Found Online With “More Than Just A Website”
Listing plans
Create a listing
Add an event
How to be Found Online
Link to us!
© 2020 therapyindex.com. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy policy | Terms and Conditions
WordPress Directory Theme Classified Ads Software
Skip to toolbar
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Lost Password?Register
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK