https://www.soft.org.uk/privacy
SUPPORT FOR FAMILIES
DONATE
Contact Us Today
MENU
About Trisomy
What Is Trisomy?
What is Trisomy 13?
What is Trisomy 18?
Latest Research
Trisomy Research
SOFT UK Research
TRIS Project
SOFT UK Publications
SOFT UK Leaflets
SOFT UK Booklets
SOFT UK Newsletters
What we do
Who we are
SOFT UK Advisers
SOFT UK Volunteers
SOFT UK Support
SOFT UK News
Contact SOFT UK
JOIN SOFT UK
Help SOFT UK
FAQ Page
Getting Support
In Pregnancy
Caring for a Child
When Your Baby is Born
Antenatal Planning
Neonatal Care
Rare Conditions in Hospital
Medical Intervention for your Baby
What Happens Next
Feeding Your Baby
Growth Charts
Common Health Issues
Caring at Home
Children's Hospices
Communication
Further Information
After a Loss
Creating Memories when a Pregnancy Ends
Coping with Loss
Miscarriage and Stillbirth
Loss After Ending a Pregnancy
Stages of Grief
Supporting Children Through Loss
Supporting Bereaved Parents
Remembrance
SOFT UK Families
Living With Cali
Families Link List
Family Stories
Support for Dads
Healthcare Professionals
SOFT UK Privacy Statement
Home
SOFT UK Privacy Statement
SOFT UK Privacy StatementAt SOFT UK we are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your information
This statement explains when and why we collect personal information about people who use our services, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you're happy with any changes.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to administrator@soft.org.uk
Who are we?
We are SOFT UK, a charity registered in England and Wales with the Charities Commission (1002918) and in Scotland with OSCR (SC043341). We provide information and support to families in the UK affected by Trisomy 13 (Patau’s Syndrome), Trisomy 18 (Edward's Syndrome) and related disorders.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when;
You use our website
You make an enquiry to SOFT UK
You request membership of SOFT UK
You fundraise for us or make a donation
You volunteer for us
You attend our events
What type of information is collected from you?
Personal identifying information such as name, contact details, address, etc.
Our website records IP address, cookies and general usage statistics
The content of messages you send us via email, the website or social media
Bank/paypal details of donors
Content you send us for publication in our newsletter, social media, website or other publications. This may include photographs.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Enrol you as a member of SOFT UK;
Add you to mailing lists you have requested to join;
Send you information or other materials you have requested;
Recruit you as a volunteer;
Process a donation that you have made;
Manage bookings for our events;
Seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
Process applications for financial assistance;
Be published with your consent in our printed materials, website and social media accounts
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example the collection of Gift Aid). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity.
Who has access to your information?
Access to all data is strictly restricted to those staff, trustees and volunteers that require to use it for the purposes for which it is intended.
We will not share your information with Third Parties for any purpose without your specific consent.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf
We work with a number of third party services in order to manage our services.  In particular we rely on third party companies to process our donations and provide online fundraising platforms, etc.
When you are redirected to these providers from our website or materials, their own terms and conditions will apply. You will have the same opportunities to provide consent in relation to your data on their platforms as you do with SOFT UK.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct communications from us  then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information.
We will not contact you unless you have given your prior consent.
You can change your privacy preferences at any time by contacting us by email: administrator@soft.org.uk
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We're working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: administrator@soft.org.uk
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information SOFT UK hold about you. To do this, please email us on administrator@soft.org.uk
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it's treated securely. We use Third Party websites to process things like payments to ensure the most up to date security.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Profiling
SOFT UK does not currently undertake any profiling of our members or other users of our services.
Use of 'cookies'
Like many other websites, the SOFT UK website uses cookies. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences.  Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Review of this Statement
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Statement was agreed by the Board of Trustees in May 2018.
Annual Reports
Comments and Complaints
Contact Us
Donate
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
No part of this website can be reproduced or transmitted in any form without the written permission of the copyright holder SOFT UK. Whilst every attempt has been made to ensure the complete accuracy of the information on this website, neither SOFT UK, the trustees, nor the website hosts can accept liability for any error or misinterpretation resulting from its use.
Registered Charity: 1002918 (England and Wales) SC043341 (Scotland). Copyright © 2005 – 2017 SOFT UK. All rights reserved.