http://www.firstatoforlando.com/privacy-policy/
Firstat Nursing Services
Home
Firstat News
Home Care Services
Home or Facility Care
Medicare Services
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
For Your privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We are happy you have chosen to seek employment with us, and we recognize our obligation to keep the information you provide secure. You can be sure that our commitment to protect your information will continue under the principles and online guidelines described below. Grandparent
What information do we collect? When do we collect it?
We gather and analyze data regarding usage of our web site, including domain name, pages visited, length of user session, etc., as part of our ongoing site evaluation process. Also, in certain areas of our web site – such as when you when you fill out an online application and you are required to enter personal information (name, mailing address, email address, phone number) that allows us to identify you and contact you (if necessary). If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still print out the application and mail it directly to us. Call us if you have any questions regarding this. 407-629-1100
Why do we collect the information?
To find the best job placement for you.
What about “cookies”
We do not use cookies in our web site at this time. The information we collect is used only in our application process. We do not share this information with anyone outside our offices. We do not sell your information to any other agencies.
Notice to parents:
We do not knowingly solicit information from children. Likewise, we do not knowingly market to children. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.
In summary:
We are committed to protecting your privacy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact Dennis Allen at 407-629-1100.
Firstat News
Firstat is a Preferred Provider!Our #1 Goal20 years of service
Home Care Services |
Medicare Services |
Career Oportunities |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy
Firstat Nursing Services, 1801 Lee Road, Suite 130, Winter Park, FL 32789 | Phone (407) 629-1100 | Fax (407) 629-4926