https://www.myeloma.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
INFOLINE: 0800 980 3332
DONATE NOW
Infoline: 0800 980 3332
Office: 0131 557 3332
Understanding myeloma
Understanding myeloma
From diagnosis to common complications, here you’ll find all the information you need to help you better understand myeloma.
View Section
What is myeloma?
What causes myeloma?
Diagnosis
Symptoms & complications
Treating myeloma
Treating myeloma
Initial treatmentSupportive care treatmentsTreatment for relapsed myelomaClinical trials and novel drugs
Related conditions
Related conditions
AL amyloidosisMGUSPlasma cell leukaemiaPOEMSSmouldering myelomaSolitary plasmacytoma
Help & Support
Help & Support
We provide a number of services, support and advice to help you cope with a diagnosis and manage myeloma ongoing.
View Section
Myeloma Infoline
Ask the Nurse
Support Groups
Patient and family digital events
Living well with myeloma
Living well with myeloma
TravelRelationshipsDiet & exerciseEmotional & psychological supportFinancesPlanning ahead
Support for carers
COVID-19 information hub
Forum
Forum
Register
Fundraising & Donations
Fundraising & Donations
We use your donations and contributions to work towards finding a cure. We can also assist with your own fundraising efforts.
View Section
How your money helps
Donations
Donations
Donate monthlyDonate nowGifts in willsGiving in memoryGiving in celebrationOther ways to givePhilanthropy
Do your own fundraising
Do your own fundraising
Planning your own eventBoosting your incomeAfter your eventBecome a partnerTell us about your event
Take part in an event
Take part in an event
Running eventsWalking eventsCycling eventsChallengesTell us about your event
Lost in Lapland
Campaigns
Myeloma UK Lottery
Gift Aid explained
Research & Patient Advocacy
Research & Patient Advocacy
We work to find the best treatments and make them available, to improve patient care and, ultimately, find a cure for myeloma.
View Section
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
Myeloma UK Clinical TrialsClinical Trial Finder
Myeloma Drug Finder
Translational research programme
Health Services Research Programme
Patient and Carer Research Panel
Patient Advocacy
Advocacy Partner Panel
For Researchers
Research Advisory Group
Our Role
Our Role
We are the only organisation in the UK which deals exclusively with myeloma. Discover more about us and how we work.
View Section
Our strategy
Our impact
Our values
Our people
Our board
Our president
Our annual reports
News & Stories
News & Stories
Read the latest news and updates from Myeloma UK.
View Section
Myeloma UK News
Fundraising News
Research News
Patient Advocacy News
Patient Stories
Sign up to our e-newsletter
Myeloma UK Blog
Search
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
page
Home // Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Share
Privacy Policy
The information below describes how Myeloma UK manages your personal information in accordance with the law and your rights. It does not cover every situation so please read notices on forms, web pages or other points where you give us information about yourself. These will describe the specific uses we make of the information, the reasons and legal basis for holding it as well as your rights.
Information we may hold about you and why
This could include:
in general, the information you give us when you fill in forms, subscribe to our services, (such as publications, sponsorship, or to attend events) and email newsletters.
to support you when you use any of our services, for example, our Infoline.
when you apply for a job or to volunteer with us, including to process applications and to monitor recruitment statistics. If you come to work for us, we will retain it to administer your employment including your pension.
to manage feedback and complaints.
information we hold about you to support our fundraising operations.
Data Processing
We may use your information in our legitimate interests to support our charitable work, or where we contact you by electronic means, with your consent, to:
process any donations you make.  This may be done on our behalf by one of our contractors, such as Blackbaud or Rapidata.
send you information about Myeloma UK and its work and how you can support us. We may do this by post. We may also contact you by email, phone, text or social media, where you have given permission.
help manage our communications with you by sharing it with our contractors working on our behalf to process donations and send communications.
build a picture of our supporters and help identify other similar potential donors to target our advertising to. In doing this, we may share it with Myeloma UK’s contractors, but you will not be identified (for example, any data we send to social media is in an unidentifiable form).
ascertain whether you might like to support us if you are a personal charitable trust or foundation or interested in philanthropic giving. We may use publically available information about you to do this (for example websites or social media). We will always contact you first to see if you are happy to receive fundraising messages.
We use Google Analytics and similar technology to understand what aspects of our work people are interested in supporting. Information is collected anonymously, and it will not identify you.
We will use your data to fulfil our administrative requirements (for example, completing Gift Aid returns). We may also use your data for analytical purposes however you will not be identified for this purposes as the data is anonymous.
Information we collect on the website
This includes the IP address of your computer to:
help keep our site safe and secure.
help us diagnose faults with the website.
ensure that content from our site is presented most effectively for you and your computer. Please refer to our section on cookies.
to understand how users make use of our website, using Google Analytics and similar technology allowing us to improve it. Information collected using Google Analytics is collected anonymously, and it will not identify you.
Website cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or mobile phone if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to the website and record that you are a user of our website, or whether your web browser has Javascript enabled.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Disabling cookies
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the settings of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 5 years.
Web browsers may allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. You can find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them at www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.  For information on how to do this on a mobile phone, please refer to the handset instructions.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may share your personal information:
with our contractors who carry out work on our behalf.
where we are under a legal obligation to disclose or share your information.
in some circumstances, we may disclose information or undertake to monitor of potentially criminal behaviour under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act.
Transferring information abroad
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored and processed outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We will ensure that measures are in place to ensure that it is managed in compliance with Data Protection Law.
How long do we keep your information?
As long as necessary for the purpose/s, it was collected for. This will vary depending on the type of information, legal requirements or other justifications permitted by Data Protection Law.
Does the law allow this?
Data Protection law including the General Data Protection Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 sets out the principles we must adhere to and other conditions which must be satisfied. Forms, web pages or other places where you submit information will describe how the particular use complies with the law.
Your rights
You have the right to:
ask us not to process your personal information for fundraising or our marketing of Myeloma UK. If you wish to do this, please contact us.
see copies of information held about you. Please send your request in writing to our Head Office. Please include copies of two forms of ID. We will respond as soon as possible and not longer than one month from receipt.
ask us to amend, update or delete your information in some circumstances or withdraw consent to our processing of your information for particular purposes by contacting our Head Office.
If you are unhappy with the way we are managing your personal information, please contact us. If you are still unhappy, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Who to contact
For queries about this privacy statement, or any data protection issues, please contact eleanor.hughes@myeloma.org.uk or by post at Myeloma UK, 22 Logie Mill, Beaverbank Business Park, Edinburgh, EH7 4HG.
Who we are
Myeloma UK is the only organisation in the UK dealing exclusively with myeloma – our ultimate goal is to find a cure.
Patients come first in everything we do, and we are dedicated to ensuring that myeloma patients live longer and with the best possible quality of life.
We are committed to:
being collaborative and results driven with a focus on investing in patient centred research
improving standards of treatment and care through education and raising awareness
working with industry and decision-makers to ensure that patients get access to the right treatment at the right time
providing a range of information and support services to patients, family and friends to help them deal with everything a myeloma diagnosis brings
Our registered office is at 22 Logie Mill, Beaverbank Business Park, Edinburgh, EH7 4HG and our registered charity number is SC 026116
Copyright Myeloma UK 2020
Close
Cookie use on our siteThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please indicate your preference below, or read our Cookie Information to find out more.
Accept Reject Customise CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you explore our website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for making sure the website works properly for you. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website, and for marketing purposes. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Always enabled, these cookies are required for the website to work properly, such as when you view videos or add items to the shopping cart.
Analytics
analytics
To help us understand how you use our website and tailor the site to meet your needs, we use analytics cookies. It’s important to remember we can’t identify individuals with this type of cookie, but it does give us an overview of what works well on our website and what doesn’t.
Advertisement
advertisement
We use advertising cookies to deliver highly relevant advertisements to our audiences, through platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram.
Functional
functional
These cookies are needed for certain elements of our website to work properly, although it will generally work without these. Some links may not work correctly, for example.
Save & Accept