http://www.penneye.com/for-patients-and-visitors/patient-information/hipaa-and-privacy/privacy-statement
Health Alert:
See the latest Coronavirus Information including testing sites, visitation restrictions, appointments and scheduling, and more.
Close
X
Department of Ophthalmology
News from the Department of Ophthalmology
Learn about the most recent advances of the faculty, students, and staff in the Department of Ophthalmology.
Read more
Welcome from Joan O'Brien, MD – Chair
Since its founding in 1874, the Department of Ophthalmology at the University of Pennsylvania has been dedicated to providing exceptional patient care, groundbreaking research, and distinguished teaching.
This spring, we celebrated the 145th Anniversary of the Department of Ophthalmology.
Read the full Message
Joan O'Brien, MD
Chair, Department of Ophthalmology
Director, Scheie Eye Institute
William F. Norris and George E. de Schweinitz Professor of Ophthalmology
Community Outreach
Penn’s Department of Ophthalmology is committed to making an impact in the community and around the world through service initiatives.
Our program
Education and Training
Penn Ophthalmology is dedicated to teaching and maintains a broad presences across disciplines, attracting top students and leaders to the field of ophthalmology.
Our program
Research
The Scheie Eye Institute performs the breakthrough research necessary to discover the treatments of tomorrow.
Learn more
In This Section
About Us
Welcome to Penn Medicine's Department of Ophthalmology, a pioneer in ophthalmic care, research, and training.
Faculty
Penn offers highly specialized services across the full range of ophthalmic sub-specialties, integrating cutting-edge research with individualized, comprehensive, and compassionate patient care.
Clinical Care
The Scheie Eye Institute provides patient-centered care, combined with leading technology and resources. Visit our program page to learn about our programs and services.
Education and Training
Penn Ophthalmology is dedicated to teaching and maintains a broad presences across disciplines, attracting top students and leaders to the field of ophthalmology.
Research
The Scheie Eye Institute performs the breakthrough research necessary to discover the treatments of tomorrow.
Department of Ophthalmology News
Co-Winners of the $1M Lorraine Cross Award
Exploring the Penn Museum Through Touch – A Multi-Sensory Journey Through the Penn Museum
Puentes de Salud: Building Bridges of Health
Department Milestones: Looking Back on 145 Years of Ophthalmology
Featured links
Join Our Newsletter
History
Giving
Social media
FacebookFacebook
Linked InLinkedIn
TwitterTwitter
Contact us
Scheie Eye Institute Penn Presbyterian
Penn Presbyterian Medical Center
51 N. 39th Street
Philadelphia, PA 19104
Close
Academic Departments
About Us
History
News
Community Outreach
Giving
Department Calendar
Faculty
Clinical Team
Research Faculty
Clinical Care
Billing Information
Education and Training
Current Residents & Fellows
Fellowships in Ophthalmology
Ophthalmology Residency
Medical Student Programs
Ophthalmology Scribe Program
Certified Ophthalmic Technicians
Research