http://www.kidneyurology.org/terms.php
ABOUT KIDNEY & UROLOGY
PATIENT RESOURCES
PROFESSIONAL RESOURCES
SUPPORT US
LATEST NEWS
BROCHURES CORPORATE SPONSORS
CONTACT US
KUFA has moved!
Our NYC address is
104 West 40th Street, Suite 500
New York, NY
10018
Our HQ office is
63 West Main Street, Suite G
Freehold, NJ
07728
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Kidney
& Urology Foundation of America, Inc. (KUFA) Web site, kidneyurology.org
(the "Site"). In consideration of your use of the Site, you agree
to the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America Privacy
Policy and the following General Terms of Use:
1. Use of the Site
You understand that all information,
including but not limited to data, text, software, music, sound, photographs,
graphics, video, messages or other materials, (the "Materials"), are
the sole responsibility of the person from which such Materials originated.
This means that you, the visitor/user, and not the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America,
are solely responsible for all Materials that you upload, post, email, transmit
or otherwise make available (collectively "Upload") via any portion
of the Site. We do not control all of the Materials posted via the Site and,
as such, cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such
Materials. You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to Materials
that may be offensive or objectionable. Under no circumstances will the Kidney
& Urology Foundation be liable in any way for any Materials, including,
but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Materials, or for any
loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Materials
Uploaded via the Site.
You agree to not use the
Site to:
Upload any Materials
that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory,
vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
Impersonate any person
or entity, including, but not limited to, a Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
representative, or misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Upload any Materials
that you do not have a legal right to make available or that infringe any
patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of
any party; and
Upload any unsolicited
or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail,"
"spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes,"
or any Material that contains software viruses or the like.
You understand and agree
that the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America does not pre-screen Materials, but
that we and our designees shall have the right in our sole discretion to refuse
or remove any Materials posted to the Site.
The Kidney & Urology
Foundation and our respective agents and representatives, both individually
and collectively, make no representations with respect to the contents hereof
and specifically disclaim any other warranties, including but not limited
to implied or express warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular
usage, application or purpose. The material provided on the Kidney & Urology
Foundation's Site is designed for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The information on the
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America's Site is provided with the understanding
that the Foundation is not engaged in rendering medical advice or recommendation.
You should not rely on any information in text files, messages, or articles
on this Site to replace consultations with qualified health care professionals
to meet your individual medical needs. Materials copyrighted by the Kidney
& Urology Foundation are for personal use only. Permission to otherwise
reprint or electronically reproduce any document in part or in its entirety
is expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the
rightful owner or the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America.
The compilation of information on the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America's Site,
including the design and organization, is copyrighted and may not be reprinted
nor electronically reproduced. Information copyrighted or owned by any individual
or entity other than the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America is for personal use
only.
2. Termination of Use
You agree that the Kidney
& Urology Foundation, in its sole discretion, may remove and discard any
Materials within the Site, for any reason. The Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Site,
or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that the Kidney &
Urology Foundation shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination
of your access to the Site.
3. Use of Uploaded Materials
The Kidney & Urology
Foundation does not claim ownership of Materials you Upload on the Site. Should
you Upload Materials via the Site (either by offering suggestions via e-mail
or participating in any interactive opportunities available on this Site from
time to time), such information shall be considered non-confidential and the
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America shall have no obligation of any kind with respect
to such information, and shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, or information
contained in such Materials without any obligation and for any purpose, including
but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products or services
incorporating such information. In addition, you grant the Kidney & Urology
Foundation a world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license with respect
to Materials to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform
and publicly display such Materials on the Site: (i) to provide and promote
the specific portion of the Site to which such Materials were submitted or made
available, and (ii) for the purpose for which such Materials were submitted
or made available.
You agree to indemnify
and hold the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America, and its affiliates, officers,
agents, partners, and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out
of Materials you Upload, your use of the Site, your connection to the Site,
or your violation of any rights of another user. KUFA retains the right to
turn over any materials if legally requested to do so.
4. Use of the Online
Forum
Information shared in the
Online Forum area of this site is not reviewed by the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
(KUFA). This service is provided for you to share personal experiences with
kidney & urologic conditions. Patients and their caretakers should consult
with the appropriate medical provider(s) regarding their health condition before
undertaking any treatment(s) for medical conditions. KUFA cannot be held liable
for any recommendations made by users and visitors to our web site. If you are
aware of a copyright violation, please contact webmaster@kidneyurology.org.
Protecting the privacy
of the very young is especially important. For that reason, children under
age 13 are prohibited from entering the KUFA Forums Area. KUFA adheres to
the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). (For more information
visit the Federal
Trade Commission's COPPA site.)
By using the Forums area,
you signify your assent to these Terms of Use:
Your privacy is important
to us. To better protect your privacy we provide a notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information
is collected and used. By agreeing to theses Terms of Use, you also have signified
assent to the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
Privacy Policy.
If you participate in
the Forums area within the KUFA Site, you cannot:
Be under the age of
13;
Advocate or discuss
illegal activities;
Post or distribute
any vulgar, obscene, discourteous, unlawful, obscene, defamatory, unwelcome,
threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or indecent language
or images or as determined by KUFA in its sole discretion;
Advertise, sell to
or solicit others;
Use the Forum for commercial
purposes of any kind;
Post or distribute
any software or other materials that contain a virus or other harmful component;
Post material or make
statements that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme
of any chat room or Online Forum;
Use a Forum for any
purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws;
Post or distribute
any material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or
any law, including the intellectual property rights of others or the privacy
or publicity rights of others;
Continue to post comments
after receiving a warning;
Post chain letters
or pyramid schemes;
Impersonate another
person;
Harvest or otherwise
collect information about others, including email addresses, without their
consent;
Allow any other person
or entity to use your identification;
Post the same note
more than once or "spam"; or
Engage in any other
conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying
the Forums Area of the Site, or which, in the judgment of KUFA, exposes
KUFA or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment
of any type.
You are solely responsible
for your own communications within the Forums Area, the consequence(s) of
posting these communications and your reliance on any communications found
in the Forum Areas. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone
else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately.
If you think
you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
When participating in
a Forum, never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they
say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated. Information
obtained in the Forums Area may not be reliable, and it is never a good idea
to make any decisions, especially medical ones, based solely or largely on
information you cannot confirm. The Kidney & Urology Foundation of America cannot
be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information, and shall not
be responsible for any decisions made based on such information.
The Kidney & Urology
Foundation reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the
following:
Investigate an allegation
that any communication(s) do(es) not conform to the terms of this section
and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of
the communication(s);
Remove communications
that are abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform
to these Terms of Use;
Terminate a user's
access to the Online Forum and/or the KUFA Site upon any breach of these
Terms of Use; or
Monitor or disclose
any communication in the Online Forum.
The Kidney & Urology
Foundation of America reserves the right to remove postings from any Forum
at any time and for any reason. KUFA reserves the right to take any action
it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public.
However, KUFA assumes no liability or responsibility to users of the KUFA
Site or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the
aforementioned activities.
5. General Practices
You acknowledge that the
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America may establish general practices
and limits concerning use of the Site, including without limitation, the maximum
number of days that Uploaded Materials will be retained by the Site, the maximum
disk space that will be allotted on the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America of
America's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the
maximum duration for which) you may access the Site in a given period of time.
You acknowledge that the
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America reserves the right to remove accounts.
You further acknowledge that the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time,
in its sole discretion, without notice.
6. Links to Other Sites
The Site may provide links
to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that
the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America has no control over such sites and resources
and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources,
and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any information,
advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites
or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the Kidney & Urology
Foundation shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for
any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through
any such site or resource.
7. Kidney & Urology
Foundation's Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree
that the Site and any necessary software used in connection with the Site
("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that
is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further
acknowledge and agree that Materials contained in sponsor advertisements or
information presented to you through the Site or advertisers is protected
by copyrights, trademarks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
Except as expressly authorized
by the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America, you agree not to modify, rent, lease,
loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Site or the
Software, in whole or in part. The Kidney & Urology Foundation of America grants
you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use
the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do
not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative
work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover
any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or
otherwise transfer any right in the Software.
You agree not to modify
the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software,
including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access
to the Site. You agree not to access the Site by any means other than through
the interface that is provided by the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America for
use in accessing the Site.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties
and Limitation of Liabilities
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE THAT THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". THE
KIDNEY & UROLOGY FOUNDATION OF AMERICA, ITS AGENTS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
SPECIFICALLY, THE KIDNEY & UROLOGY FOUNDATION OF AMERICA, ITS AGENTS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS,
OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, TOOLS, LINKS, OR COMMUNICATIONS
PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE KIDNEY & UROLOGY FOUNDATION OF AMERICA, ITS AGENTS, ITS SUPPLIERS,
OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, PERSONAL INJURY/WRONGFUL
DEATH, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER
BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER
OR NOT THE KIDNEY & UROLOGY FOUNDATION OF AMERICA IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.
9. Choice of Law and
Jurisdiction
The Kidney & Urology
Foundation of America, Inc. is a non-for-profit organization located in
the United States of America. The Site is intended for the exclusive use
of residents of the USA. Access to the Site may not be legal by certain
persons or in certain countries outside of the USA. If you access this
site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are
responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
These General Terms of
Use are governed by the laws of the State of New York. If any provision of
these General Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent
jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions. You expressly agree
that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with the Kidney & Urology
Foundation, or in any way relating to your use of the Site, resides in the
courts of the State of New York.
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
104 West 40th Street, Suite 500 | New York NY 10018 | 212.629.9770
63 West Main Street, Suite G | Freehold, NJ 07728 | 732.866.4444
1.800.633.6628
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America (KUFA) is a national, 501 c(3) not-for-profit organization.
©
About Us | Patient Resources | Professional Resources | Support Us | News & Recent Events | Brochures
Corporate Sponsors | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Website Last Modified: December 11, 2020