http://www.kgh.on.ca/terms-conditions
Time to move on to a modern browser
This website contains features not supported by your current web browser. To view this website please use a more current version of web browser.
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer 11
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Last Update - Revised – May 19, 2020
1. Terms and Conditions of Use of Site
This website (the "Site") is provided by Kingston Health Sciences Centre (being "us", "our" or "we") ("KHSC", "KGH" and / or "HDH"), conditional on your acceptance, without modification, of the terms and conditions of use set forth below (the "General Terms and Conditions"). By visiting or using this Site, including without limitation to access, use, and/or download messages, information, data, text, software or images, or other materials, including without limitation as found in podcasts, webcasts, audio clips and streams, video clips and streams, photographs, newsletters, glossaries, and e-learning modules, and posted Content, from this Site (the "Materials"), or to send messages, information, data, text, software or images, or other materials to the Site ("Content") (collectively, "Use" of the Site), you agree on your own behalf, and on behalf of any entity on whose behalf you may act, to accept and abide by the General Terms and Conditions for each Use of and each visit to this Site. If you do not agree to abide by these General Terms and Conditions, you should not Use this Site. KHSC has the right, in its sole discretion, to add to, remove, modify or otherwise change any part of the General Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part, at any time. Changes will be effective when notice of such change is posted at this Site. Please check the General Terms and Conditions frequently for updates by checking the date of "Last Update" at the top of this document. If any term, condition or any change thereto is not acceptable to you, you must discontinue your Use of this Site immediately. Your continued Use of this Site after any such changes are posted will constitute acceptance of those changes. These General Terms and Conditions apply exclusively to your Use of this Site and do not alter the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with KHSC.
2. Changes to Site
KHSC may, at any time without notice or liability, and for any reason whatsoever, terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this Site, including (i) changing the availability of, restricting access to, or imposing limits on any or all features or services on, or links to, the Site (ii) adding, removing or changing any fees or charges for Use of the Site or any other Site-related services (the "Services") or any features thereof; (iii) removing, adding, modifying or otherwise changing any Materials or Content on this Site, including without limitation editing or refusing to post any Content, in whole or in part, that in the sole discretion of KHSC is objectionable or in violation of the General Terms and Conditions. KHSC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of this Site at any time without notice, but confirms that it has no duty to do so.
3. Services of Site
The Site provides, may provide or will provide:
general information about the operations of KHSC;
a blog which allows existing and past patients of KHSC to post stories regarding their personal experiences with treatment at KHSC, to be shared with friends, family, staff, random visitors and potentially the news media;
a physician blog which allows physicians, health care practitioners and researchers to post and comment on articles relating to health care, to be shared with friends, family, staff, random visitors and potentially the news media;
podcasts and webcasts;
video streams;
photographs and audio clips;
discussion forums;
eLearning presentations which may or may not include medical videos and diagrams;
downloadable PDF’s of KHSC news releases;
information and downloadable PDF’s of patient and/or care information pamphlets or booklets
e - newsletters;
glossary and/or frequently asked questions of Diseases, Treatments & Conditions, side effects and symptoms;
user generated comments.
4. Permitted Uses
You agree to only to Use the Site for lawful purposes, and to only to send Content and receive Materials that are proper and related to the particular related item, and KHSC (subject to the General Terms and Conditions herein) grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable limited right, to so Use the Site solely for your own personal use. With respect to podcasts and webcasts specifically, and without otherwise limiting these General Terms and Conditions: KHSC's podcast content may be downloaded to your computer and/or transferred to your portable MP3 player solely for your private, non-commercial use. Any other uses, including without limitation the incorporation of advertising into or the placement of advertising associated with or targeted towards KGH's podcast or webcast content, is strictly prohibited. You may not edit or modify or redistribute KHSC's podcast or webcast content. No redistribution of KHSC's podcast or webcast content is permitted. Without limiting Section 4 hereunder, KHSC's podcast and webcast content is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. KHSC owns all rights including copyright to the podcast and webcast content, and all logos and trademarks used in connection with the podcast and webcast. KHSC reserves the right to discontinue providing any or all of the KHSC podcast and webcast content at any time and to require you to cease using any or all of the KHSC podcast and webcast content for any reason. KHSC assumes no liability for any of your activities in connection with the KHSC podcast or webcast content with your web site, computer, MP3 player, or any other devices or software.
5. Prohibited Uses
You may not, nor may you allow others to, directly or indirectly:
remove, from any copy of the Materials, the copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Materials;
sell, reproduce, modify or attempt to modify the Materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any Materials for any public, commercial, or non-educational or non-personal purpose, including without limitation use of the Materials on any other website;
or transfer any of the Materials to any other person without the prior written consent of KHSC;
print or copy any of the HTML or other computer software that is accessible at this Site;
Use this Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, impair, interfere with the security of, negatively affect the functioning of, or otherwise abuse, this Site or any services, system resources, accounts, servers, networks, affiliated or linked sites, connected to or accessible through this Site (including without limitation uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting on this Site computer viruses, Trojan horses, worms or other files or computer programs which are potentially harmful, disruptive or destructive or that may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this Site's infrastructure;
or using any robot, spider or other automatic program or device, or manual process to monitor, copy, summarize, or otherwise extract information from this Site or the Materials in whole or in part);
use or attempt to use another's account, password, or other information in connection with this Site without prior written authorization from KHSC;
create or use a false identity on this Site (for greater certainty, excluding your Blog alias(es)), or impersonate any person or entity, including without limitation a KHSC health care practitioner, employee or agent (including, in the case of the Blog, any other user), or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to this Site or portions of this Site that are restricted from general access;
register an e-mail address that you do not own or for which you do not have the express permission of the owner to register;
or post any incomplete, false or inaccurate information, including without limitation incomplete, false or inaccurate biographical information;
disrupt or interfere with any other person's use or enjoyment of this Site or affiliated or linked sites, or any services thereof;
transmit on, to or from this Site spam, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass e-mail;
delete or revise any Materials posted by any other person or entity;
or harvest or otherwise collect information about others including e-mail addresses, except for the sole stated purpose of the particular Website Service, without their consent and without complying with the requirements of applicable privacy legislation;
post notices or advertisements, commercial or otherwise or solicit business from users of the Site, including without limitation posting any franchise, pyramid scheme, "club membership", distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, or requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents;
or post or transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, or tortious, or that infringes or violates any third party's copyright, trademark, trade secrets, privacy or other proprietary or property rights or that could constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable law.
In addition, you agree that you are solely responsible for actions and communications undertaken or transmitted in the course of your usage of this Site, and that you will comply with all laws that apply or may apply to your use of or activities on this Site or in respect of the Content and Materials. KGH will investigate occurrences which may involve violations of such laws, and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. KGH reserves the right at all times to disclose any Content as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request.
6. Registration and Password
Where applicable, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information (including without limitation and as applicable, any log-in or password), and for all uses of your registration information, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify KGH and/or the applicable owner, if applicable, of any unauthorized use of your registration information or of any other breach of security of which you are aware.
7. Proprietary Rights
This Site, including without limitation all Materials, is protected by Canadian and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. Any unauthorized copying, redistribution, reproduction or modification of the contents of this Site by any person may be a violation of trade-mark and/or copyright laws and could subject such person to legal action. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials. Any software, as well any files, images generated by such software, code and data accompanying such software (the "Software"), used or accessible through this Site is the copyrighted work of KHSC or its licensors. Except as permitted by law, you may not use the Software for any other purpose or attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the Software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site. For greater certainty, KHSC services, methods and processes may be covered by one or more patents or other statutory intellectual property rights, and are subject to trade secret and other proprietary rights. KHSC reserves all such rights. Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles and phrases on this Site constitute trade-marks, trade names, trade dress and associated products and services of KHSC, and are protected in Canada and internationally and their display on this Site does not convey or create any licence or other rights in these trade-marks, trade names, trade dress and associated products and services. Any use of any of same, in whole or in part, without prior written authorization of KHSC is strictly prohibited. Other trade-marks, trade names, trade dress and associated products and services mentioned on this Site may be the trademarks of their respective owners. The display of these trade-marks, trade names, trade dress and associated products and services on this Site does not convey or create any licence or other rights in these trademarks or trade names. Any unauthorized use of them is strictly prohibited. Except as expressly provided herein, KHSC does not grant any express or implied right or license to you to use any intellectual property, including without limitation any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or confidential information, of KHSC or of any other contributor of Content to the Site.
8. Links and Disclaimers of Linked Sites
Certain links on this Site may take you to other web sites. KSCH provides these links only as a convenience. These linked sites are not necessarily under the control of KHSC. If you use these sites, you will leave this Site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk, subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such sites, and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses and other destructive elements. KHSC is not responsible for the contents of any such linked pages or any other pages not under its control. KHSC makes no representation or warranty regarding, and does not endorse, any linked web sites, the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described. Links do not imply that KHSC sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of KHSC. KHSC welcomes links to this Site. However, you agree that by linking to this Site, you agree to the link conditions (the "Link Conditions") described below. By establishing a link to this Site, you will be deemed to have agreed to these Link Conditions: A link may only be established to the following home pages of this Site: http://www.kgh.on.ca/ , http://www.kghconnect.ca/ , http://www.kghri.ca/. Links may not be established to any other pages on this Site without the prior written permission of KHSC. If you link to this Site, KHSC grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use the KHSC trademark and internet icons, if available, (the "Licensed Marks") solely for the purpose of serving as a link from the applicable web site to this Site. For greater certainty, except for the limited license to use the Licensed Marks granted in this paragraph, you may not use any of KGH trademarks or service marks for any reason without KGH prior written permission. The linked website shall not:
change in any material way the nature and features of such website from that described to KGH in the written notice provided to KGH prior to the establishment of the link;
create frames around any part of this Site or use other techniques that alter the visual presentation of this Site;
and other materials shall not, imply that KHSC is endorsing you or any other person, or your or such other person’s products or services;
imply an affiliation between you or any other person, or your or such other person’s products or services, and KHSC without the prior written consent of KHSC;
misrepresent the relationship of you or any other person with KHSC or present false, misleading or otherwise damaging information or impressions about KHSC or any of its products or services;
and contain materials that may be interpreted as distasteful, harmful, offensive, or inaccurate, and shall be appropriate for all age groups.
For greater certainty, KHSC shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on the linked web site. KHSC may at any time, in its sole discretion, immediately terminate any license to use the Licensed Marks and any right to link to this Site, with or without cause. If KHSC exercises this right, you shall immediately remove all your links to this Site and shall cease using the Licensed Marks; KHSC may amend these Link Conditions at any time. For greater certainty, you agree to abide by these Link Conditions as amended from time to time.
9. Privacy Policy
Any of your personal information which KHSC collects via this Site is subject to the KHSC Privacy Statement, which is incorporated by reference into the General Terms and Conditions.
10. Use of Cookies
The Site uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience. Cookies, small amounts of data which often include unique, non-personal identifiers, enable the Site to recognize you and to keep track of your preferences. Three types of cookies may be employed during your visit to the Site:
"session" cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive and are permanently deleted from your computer after two hours of inactivity or when you end your session, are used solely to help you to navigate around the site;
"persistent" cookies, which remain on your computer so that the Site can recognize you when you return;
and third party cookies used by our sponsors and advertisers to measure the effectiveness of their advertising.
The Site uses cookies for the following: When you return to the Site, cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided, so you can easily use the features that you customized. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. For example, if you personalize KHSC pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). When you watch a video clip or listen to an audio clip on through the KHSC website, a cookie may take note of which media player (such as Real Player or Windows Media Player) and which type of clip (high or low bandwidth) you prefer to use on your computer. Note, however, that you can change your video and audio preferences at any time, or choose a player each time you view or listen to a clip. Some parts of the Site use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of the Site's information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. KHSC does not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor does it share this information or sell it to any third party. We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behaviour that contradicts these General Terms and Conditions and to track click streams, for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages. Cookies are not used to run programmes or to deliver viruses to your computer, are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Note that "persistent" cookies, primarily used to personalize your site experience and save you time, will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire when you log out of the Site, or 60 days after your last visit for security cookies, or two years after your last visit for advertisement and information notice cookies Please note that while most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet browser settings. It may also be possible to change your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies. For more information on enabling and disabling cookies, please refer to the help section on your browser. If cookies are disabled it may mean that not all the services of this website might be available.
11. User Communications
Subject to any applicable law, the requirements of the KHSC Privacy Statement, and the restrictions set out in the additional terms and conditions for other Site functions (for example, in the case of the Blog), any communications sent by or to you via this Site or otherwise to KHSC (including without limitation Content) are on a non-confidential basis, and KHSC is under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing or otherwise using them in any way or for any purpose. KHSC shall be free to use the content of any such communication, including without limitation any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including without limitation developing, manufacturing and/or marketing goods and services. You agree to not assert any ownership right of any kind in such communications (including without limitation copyright, trade-mark, patent, unfair competition, moral rights, or implied contract) and you hereby waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration in connection with such communication, including without limitation acknowledgment of you as the source of such communications.
12. Disclaimers
KHSC makes reasonable efforts to ensure that the content KHSC provided to the Site is accurate and current. However, KHSC is under no legal obligation to, and generally does not, control the Content provided by other users which is made available through the Site - for example, through any of the comments or Blogs. By its very nature, other people's information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be misstated or deceptively stated. You acknowledge that:
KHSC makes no representation or warranty of any kind regarding the Site, the Materials, and each Website Service, including without limitation as to the truthfulness, accuracy, reliability, currency, veracity or completeness of the Materials or about the results to be obtained using the Materials or any Website Service;
that you will be solely responsible for any Content you provide the Site or otherwise provide to KHSC, including without limitation for its truthfulness and accuracy;
and that the Site, the Materials, and each Website Service are provided on an "AS IS" basis;
and that any use of or reliance on this Site or any Materials shall be at your sole risk.
In particular, please note that the information provided through this Site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, assessment and evaluation. This includes all Content that is made available on, or otherwise accessible through, the Site by us. You should consult a qualified physician or other applicable health professional before making any decision or taking any action that might affect your personal well-being as there is no substitute for the consideration of an individual's circumstances by a qualified professional. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear (and release KGH and all KGH health care practitioners, employees, agents, officers, directors, or employees from any claims regarding) all risks associated with the use of any information on the Site (including any reliance on the availability, accuracy, completeness, usefulness or appropriateness of such information) or of the Site generally, of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, including without limitation in the event that you have a dispute with one or more users of the Site.
KHSC DOES NOT MAKE ANY, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. FOR GREATER CERTAINTY, KGH DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE WILL CONTINUE TO OPERATE, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS OR BE ERROR-FREE.
13. Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL KGH HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL BASIS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR HARM TO BUSINESS, LOSS OF INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS OR DATA, LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF SAVINGS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF GOODWILL), ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO, OR ANY INCONVENIENCE, DELAY OR LOSS OF USE OF OR ACCESS TO, THIS SITE, THE MATERIALS, ANY CONTENT OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE, OR FAILURE OF SUCH WEBSITES, (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF OMISSIONS OR INACCURACIES IN SUCH WEBSITES, MATERIALS OR CONTENT, OR THE TRANSMISSION OF CONFIDENTIAL OR SENSITIVE INFORMATION TO OR FROM SUCH WEBSITES) EVEN IF KGH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS OR IF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS WAS FORESEEABLE.
14. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless each of KHSC and all its health care practitioners, employees, agents, officers, directors, or employees, and all third parties mentioned at the Site, from and against any and all claims, actions or demands, and losses or damages relating thereto, alleged to result from or resulting from your use of the Site and the Materials or your breach of the General Terms and Conditions.
15. Choice of law
This Site is controlled, operated and administered by KHSC from its offices within the Province of Ontario, Canada. KHSC makes no representation or warranty that Materials at this Site are appropriate or available for use at any locations outside Canada, and accessing such Materials from locations where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. By accessing this Site, you agree that all matters relating to the access to, or use of, this Site shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without reference to its conflict of laws principles, and that you will comply with all such applicable laws.
16. Arbitration
Any and all disputes arising out of the use of this Site will be referred to and finally settled by private and confidential binding arbitration before a single arbitrator held in Kingston , Ontario in English and governed by Ontario law pursuant to the Arbitration Act, 1991 (Ontario), as amended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time. The arbitrator shall be a person who is legally trained and is independent of either party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of any matter relating to the enforcement of intellectual property rights and protection of confidential or personal information, KGH may pursue remedies, including injunctive or other equitable relief, through the courts, in which circumstance you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario and to waive any objections based upon venue in any such action, suit or proceeding.
17. General
The General Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between KHSC and you with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all communications, representations or agreements, either oral or written, between KHSC or its affiliates and you with respect to this subject matter. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this Site or which is the subject of the General Terms and Conditions must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the General Terms and Conditions or portion thereof to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the General Terms and Conditions, and the remainder of the General Terms and Conditions shall continue in full force and effect. The relationship of the parties is solely that of independent contractors and neither party shall have any authority to act for or bind the other party. No waiver of any provision herein shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of both you and KHSC. KHSC failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of the General Terms and Conditions or any right shall not be construed as a waiver of any such provision or right. No changes to the General Terms and Conditions shall be made except by a revised posting on this page. The General Terms and Conditions shall ensure to the benefit of KHSC. The headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall have no legal or interpretive effect. Additional terms and conditions may apply when you use other services, affiliate services, third party content or third party software on or through a link provided on the Site. KGH may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. You may not assign your rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time.
18. Additional Terms of Use
Certain areas of this Site, such as the Blogs, are subject to additional terms of use, all of which areas are incorporated by reference into the General Terms and Conditions. You agree that by using such areas, or any part thereof, you agree to be bound by the additional terms of use applicable to such areas.
19. Questions on General Terms and Conditions
Should you have any questions regarding the General Terms and Conditions, including in respect of any use or disclosure of the information made available by you, you may contact KHSC at:
Kingston Health Sciences Centre
Strategy Management + Communications Department
76 Stuart Street
Kingston, Ontario
K7L 2V7
E-mail: KHSCconnect@KingstonHSC.ca
Telephone: 613-549-6666 x6345
Blogs - Additional Terms of Use
1. Patient Blog and Physician Blog
This Site can, may or will includes Blogs:
Patient Blog: this Blog allows existing and past patients of KHSC to post stories regarding their personal experiences with treatment at KHSC, to be shared with friends, family, staff, random visitors and potentially the news media;
and Physician / Professional Blog: this blog allows physicians, health care practitioners and researchers to post and comment on articles relating to health care, to be shared with friends, family, staff, random visitors and potentially the news media.
2. Blog Moderator
These Blogs are moderated by:
Kingston Health Sciences Centre
Strategy Management + Communications Department
76 Stuart Street
Kingston, Ontario
K7L 2V7
E-mail: KHSCconnect@KingstonHSC.ca
Telephone: 613-549-6666 x6345
Which reserves the right to exercise editorial control over posted content, including without limitation removing, adding, modifying or otherwise changing any Blog Posting, in whole or in part, in the sole discretion of KHSC. By submitting a comment to a Blog, you understand and agree that we may post your comment in its entirety, in an edited version, or not at all. Generally, any editing will be done primarily for purposes of clarity, length or deletion of offensive, inappropriate, or potentially defamatory material. The Blog moderator may also include information about, and links to, other content and information that may be of interest to you and that are related to the topic of the Blog.
3. Patient Blog: Recommended Use of Alias
The nature of the Patient Blog is that individuals may make postings which contain information regarding their health conditions and the treatment of such conditions. As this information can be very sensitive, and the nature of the blog is that all information posted will be freely accessible to all users, KHSC recommends (1) that you use an alias when making postings which contain information about your own health condition, and (2) that to the extent that in your posting you share the health care experiences of others, you do not use names or otherwise identify such other persons. In connection with any use of an alias, on the Patient Blog or any other Blog hosted by or on behalf of KHSC, please note the following: You should endeavour to use an alias that does not contain personally identifiable information about yourself. Notwithstanding that you may use an alias, you remain responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur through the use of your alias. You should not choose an alias that is threatening, abusive, offensive, harassing, derisive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hatefully, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or otherwise breaches the General Terms and Conditions for the use of the Site. Even if you post a comment using only the alias you chose during registration, KHSC’s records will contain your actual identity, should you elect to submit that information.
4. Disclaimer re Blog Postings
Comments or opinions expressed on each Blog are those of their respective contributors, and do not represent the views of KHSC. KHSC has no obligation to screen or censor any of the Blog postings, although as described above KHSC reserves the right to do so from time to time. As a result, KHSC has no control over, and disclaims any responsibility and liability for, the truth, accuracy, or completeness of any posting, or the quality, safety or legality of the subject of the posting. Each person making a Blog posting is solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of such posting. In addition, because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, KHSC cannot and does not confirm that each user is who they claim to be. As a result, you acknowledge there may be, and assume all, risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Site, including without limitation risk of harm in dealing with strangers, foreign nationals, underage persons or people acting under false pretenses.
5. Use of the Blogs; also subject to the General Terms and Conditions of the Site.
Use of the Blogs is also subject to, and these additional terms and conditions are incorporated by reference into, the General Terms and Conditions of the Site, and as such, you should review those terms prior to using the Blogs.
Please review our social media commenting policy.
Thank you to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre for their contributions to the creation of the Social Media Commenting and Participation Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use.
Have feedback about your experience or need to find out how to contact someone at the hospital?
Connect now
Whether you're here for a long stay or a short one, you have several parking options to choose from.
Parking at KGH
Parking at HDH
Whether you are travelling by car or bus, you should have no trouble finding us. We also have direct taxi lines in the main lobby.
Tell me more
Are you looking to find or get in touch with a patient or family member here at the hospital? There are different ways you can reach them.
Tell me more
Click on the PDF or Word DOC icon to download/view the document. Click the title for more info.
Become a KGH
Patient Experience Advisor
List of local accommodation
CCSEO_Referral_Form_V9
KHSC-KGH site Molecular Genetics Hereditary Cancer Genetics Requisition (revised 2018.08)
KHSC-KGH site Molecular Genetics Long QT Requisition (revised 2019.10)
Tweets by @KingstonHSC
© Kingston Health Sciences Centre, 2020. All rights reserved. Employee Self Service|
KHSCNow|
Webmail Access|
Board Portal|
Citrix|
Career Hub|
Terms and Conditions|
KnowledgeNow|
E-Pay Stub
Menu
Search
Are You A...
Connect