http://www.northernhealth.ca/legal
Skip to main content
Northern Health COVID-19 information
Home
Health information
Services
Locations
For physicians
For health professionals
Stories
Contact
Search
Breadcrumb
Home
Legal
Legal
Website Disclaimer & Terms of Use
Terms of use
The information on this website is provided for information and education purposes only. It is not intended and does not constitute healthcare or medical advice. The information is not intended to be and must not be used for diagnosis, is general in nature and not specific to you, nor should any decision regarding treatment and/or medication be based on any of the information on this website.
Any decision concerning your health, treatment and/or medication should be made in consultation with a qualified healthcare professional. If you have, or suspect you have, a health problem you should contact your healthcare professional immediately. Before participating in or commencing any nutritional or health program you should consult with your treating healthcare team or physician.
Although we carefully review our content, we cannot guarantee nor take responsibility for the medical accuracy of documents we publish, nor can we assume any liability for the content of websites linked to this website.
Copyright
Unless otherwise noted, all content on this website is copyright protected. All images, names and logos remain the property of Northern Health and require written permission for use.
Northern Health grants you a limited license to display on your computer, print, download and use the information contained in this website for your own personal, non-commercial or educational purposes only, provided that:
You do not modify the information; and
All copyright and other proprietary notices are retained.
No other use of the information is permitted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not:
Use any of the information for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
Include any of the information or reference thereto in or with any information, product or service that you create, distribute or provide;
Copy or transfer any of the information onto your own website or any other website or server.
Warranty disclaimer
Any information on this website represents the opinions of the authors and not of Northern Health. Northern Health does not guarantee or warrant the quality, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, appropriateness or suitability of the information on the website or of any products or services referenced on the website. Northern Health assumes no obligation to update the information or advise on further developments concerning topics mentioned. The information may be changed from time to time without notice.
Northern Health disclaims all warranties, representations and conditions regarding use of the website or the information, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, whether expressed or implied, or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice.
Limitation of Liabilities
Northern Health, its affiliated physicians, employees, directors, agents and any other parties involved in the creation, production or delivery of the website, including the provision of the information, disclaim any responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages, claims, liabilities, costs or obligations including any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of or in connection with the use or misuse of the website or the information whether such damages arise in contract, tort, negligence, equity or statute law.
Related/External Links
This website may provide links to other websites only for the convenience of readers. Northern Health is not responsible for the availability or content of these external websites and cannot guarantee that the information is current or accurate. This information is provided as a public service.
Readers should verify information before acting on it. Northern Health does not endorse, warrant or guarantee the products, services or information described or offered at any other websites. Northern Health does not assume and is not responsible for any liability whatsoever arising from the linking to any linked website, the operation or content (including the right to display such information) of any linked website, or for any of the information, interpretation, comments or opinions expressed in any linked website. Any comments or inquiries regarding the linked websites are to be directed to the organization operating the website.
Privacy
Northern Health pledges to always respect the privacy and anonymity of its users, including survey participants. Collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information must comply with the provisions of the BC's Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
We do not require users to register at our website. Information may be requested for candidates applying on-line for employment with Northern Health.
The information including names, email addresses or any other contact information, personal or medical data provided to us voluntarily by our visitors in their communications with us is securely stored and not shared with any third party.
Web browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Chrome and Firefox offer a significant amount of data to websites they visit. Most web servers, including Northern Health, log that data for a period of time.
We do not use any of that information to identify specific users. Information is used to identify trends in usage, times, browser use for compatibility testing and error checking.
Email
Information sent to our website over the Internet is not secure. Therefore, if a user visits the Contact page or other e-mail addresses published on the website, to send an e-mail, the information provided may be intercepted as it travels to our website. We will not be responsible for any damages suffered by individuals as a result of the transmission and information that is sent to us or for any errors or changes made to the transmitted information.
If you have any questions about this statement, please feel free to contact us.
SHARE THIS PAGE
Social Media Menu
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Home
Health information
Health topics A-Z
HIV and hepatitis C
HIV
Hepatitis C (HCV)
Patient and public resources
Health care provider resources
Specialized Support Team
Community support organizations
Testing locations
Medical tests | HealthLink BC
Medications | HealthLink BC
Pregnancy and baby
SmartMom Prenatal Program
Birthing centres in Northern Health
Breastfeeding
Breastfeeding-friendly spaces
Midwifery services
Postpartum services
Prenatal services
Prince George maternity ward
The pregnancy journey
Primary and community care
Seniors' health
Services
Digital health
HealtheLife
NH Check In
Telehealth
Virtual Clinic
Hospital services
Lab services
Lab locations
Medical imaging
Surgical services
Your hospital stay
Leaving the hospital (Discharge)
Mental health and substance use
Programs and services
Services by community
Inpatient services
Important links
Indigenous Health
Environmental health
Contacts, questions and COVID-19
A-Z index
Air quality
Air quality and health
Wildfire smoke
Wood burning
Applications and forms
Communicable diseases
Drinking water
Drinking water advisories
Complaints
Water sampling and results
Drinking water permits
Frequently asked questions (FAQ's)
Drinking water resources
Drinking water inspection reports
Public health engineering
Food
Food safety
Food facilities
Food inspection reports
Temporary food permits and markets
Foodborne illness
Potluck safety
Healthy built environments
Industrial camps
Inspection reports
Personal services
Public health engineering
Radon
Recreational water
Sewerage and subdivision
End-of-life care / Palliative care
Home and community care
Home health
Assisted living
Long-term care homes
Accessing services
Costs
Feedback
Community care licensing
Contact a licensing officer
Applicants
Child care providers
Choosing a facility
Inspection reports
Newsletters and bulletins
Operating without a licence
Residential care providers
Reportable incident
Healthy living in communities
Healthy communities
IMAGINE Grants
Resilient Communities Grants
School and youth
Spirit of Healthy Kids
E-Briefs and updates
Programs
Assessment Network
Dental Health Program
Hearing programs (Audiology)
Junior Volunteer Program
Office of Health and Resource Development
Regional Chronic Diseases Program
Speech and Language Program
NH Connections bus
Tobacco and vapour enforcement
Locations
Hospitals
Health units
Medical clinics
Labs
Medical imaging
Assisted living
Long-term care
Hospices
Environmental Health Officers
Regional offices
For physicians
For health professionals
Campaigns
Community Wellness Challenge
Stigma
Youth mental health
Community health information
Reports
Maps
Useful links
Immunization resources and tools
Library services
Northern clinical simulation
Palliative care / End-of-life care
Pharmacy Residency Program
Public health nutrition guides
Professional practice
Research
IDC Brown Bag Lunch
NH Research Review Committee
Northern BC Research and Quality Conference
Stories
Contact
Ethical choices
Environmental Health Officers
Licensing Officers
Make a payment
Patient Care Quality Office
Safe reporting