http://www.contactderm.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The American Contact Dermatitis Society (ACDS) has a strong commitment to privacy, recognizing that we are a public association. This statement outlines the policies and procedures concerning information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web site, www.contactderm.org.
Collecting and Using User Information
The ACDS collects information in different ways from those who access our site. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Site and, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in very special circumstances, such as when we believe that such disclosure is required by law, or in other special cases described below.
Our site uses order forms for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect users’ contact information (e.g., name and email address) and financial information (e.g., account or credit card numbers). Financial information is used to bill the user for products and services and then is deleted from our records in compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, contact the user regarding any problems with the order, and to provide the user with information about our association, including promotional materials. Users may opt out of receiving future communications at any time by contacting the ACDS national office at info@contactderm.org.
Find a Physician Database
The ACDS Find a Physician Database is offered as a service to the membership and the community. Listing does not constitute endorsement by ACDS, its board or its officers. Content of the listings are provided by and represented as accurate by the listed individuals. The content and format of the ACDS’s Find a Physician Database is the property of the American Contact Dermatitis Society and may not be copied or duplicated for the purpose of sale or other commercial use.
The Find a Physician Database is provided without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or any other statutory or common law warranties. The ACDS is not recommending any particular individual for any specific purpose. The ACDS is not participating in any contractual arrangement between the user and the member. No warranty is made that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. Information contained is general information for the education of the user and is not case specific medical advice.
The ACDS may make changes to the data and program from time to time at ACDS’s discretion and without notice to users. Further, this disclaimer may change as the ACDS sees fit and without prior notice to users.
Membership Directory
Current ACDS members' contact information is made available through the Membership Directory. This information is only available to other current ACDS members. Members may opt out of being listed in the Membership Directory; see the Updating User Profile section below.
Disclosure of Personal Information
It is the ACDS’s policy not to use or share the personal information about users in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, the ACDS may disclose personal information about users, or information regarding your use of our site, for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Web site Terms of Use or other user policies; to operate the site properly; or to protect the ACDS and our users.
Updating User Profile
Users who have created an account with the ACDS have the ability to update or change all personal information provided. To do so, users can visit http:/acds.execinc.com/edibo to submit these changes via the My Profile section, or email info@contactderm.org with the new information.
Opt In/Out of Communications
The ACDS provides users the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us when we request information about the user. To update these preferences, users can visit http:/acds.execinc.com/edibo or email info@contactderm.org.
Opt In/Out of Membership Directory
We also allow ACDS members to opt out of displaying personal information in the Membership Directory. To update these preferences, users can visit http:/acds.execinc.com/edibo or email info@contactderm.org.
Security
Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, but we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. The ACDS may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes, to improve the products and services we provide, or to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personal information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit non-ACDS Web sites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. Third parties and other non-ACDS Web sites may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. The ACDS is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each Web site that collects your personally identifiable information.
Changes to This Policy
The ACDS reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy, our Web site Terms of Use, and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted in accordance with our Web site Terms of Use.
Share
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies to deliver to you the best experience possible on our website. By continuing to use this site, you are providing us with your consent to ensure you receive such an experience. View our privacy policy to learn more.
OK