https://www.barthsyndrome.org/waystohelp/participateinresearch.html
Skip to main content
About BSF
Mission & Organization
Strategic Plan
Legal & Financial
Legal Documents
Annual Reports & Financials
Policies & Procedures
Board Minutes
Leadership & Staff
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Board Development Committee
Executive Committee
Finance and Investments Committee
Fundraising Committee
Policies and Agreements Committee
Staff
Scientific & Medical Advisory Board
International Affliates
Connect with Community
Contact Us
Careers
Research
Researcher Resources
2021 BSF Grant Program
2020 BSF Science and Medicine Symposium
Grants Awarded
Animal and Cellular Models of Barth Syndrome
Biobanked Patient Samples and Transformed Cell Lines
Barth Syndrome Registry and Repository
Human Tafazzin (TAZ) Gene Variants Database
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
CARDIOMAN
Gene Replacement Therapy for Barth Syndrome
TAZPOWER
Rare Disease Webinar
Portfolio Review
Scientific and Medical Journal Articles
Bibliography
Open Access Articles
Highlights of Clinical Knowledge
Barth Syndrome
What is Barth Syndrome?
Approaches to Diagnosis
International Classification of Disease
Principal Clinical Diagnostic Criteria
Other Important Findings by System
Clinical Manifestations
Barth Syndrome Diagnostic Laboratory Testing
Biomarker and Genetic Testing Facilities for Barth Syndrome
References
Newly Diagnosed
Family Resources
Families Affected by Barth Syndrome
Tools for School/ Families
Introduction
Developmental Issues
Protections of Students with Disabilities
Choices of Educational Environments
Preparing the Master File
Communicating with Schools
Resources
Tools for School/ Educators
Introduction
What is Barth Syndrome
Physical Challenges
Some Neurodevelopmental Challenges
Social and Emotional Challenges
Suggestions and Advice for Educators
Warning Signs of Physical Distress and Tips for Care
Resources
Care Management Toolbox
Finding Care
Organizing My Medical Binder
Emergency Department Guidance
My Blood Test Results
My Medical Forms
Resources
COVID-19 Health Advisories
FACT Sheets
Fact Sheet Library
Genetics Fact Sheet
Female Carriers
Online Support Groups & Yoga
Clinician Resources
Videos and Webinars
Conference Videos
BSF 2018 Conference
BSF 2016 Conference
BSF 2014 Conference
BSF 2012 Conference
BSF 2010 Conference
Webinars
Potential Use of Entresto
2019 Town Hall
Strength, Stamina and Fatigue in Barth Syndrome
Cardiac Aspects of Barth syndrome
The Role of MLCL:CL as a diagnostic assay for Barth syndrome
Gene Replacement Therapy in the Barth Syndrome Knockout Mouse
International Affiliates
Meet Our Community
Meet The People We Serve
Remember the Girls
Meet Our Clinicians and Scientists
Advocacy
Elamipretide Petition
Community Petition Cover Letter
KOL Letter Elamipretide
Ways to Help
Donate
Events
Events
February Heart Month
Rare Disease Day
Tributes
Tributes
Timothy Monahan
Will McCurdy Fund for the Advancement of Therapies for Barth Syndrome
Other Ways To Give
Previous Fundraisers
$20 for #BARTH2020
Participate in Research
Fundraising Toolkit
Set Up A Fundraiser
News & Events
What's New
Press Releases
COVID-19 Precautions
PFDD Meeting
About
What You Need to Know
Live Streaming
Voice of the Patient
Sponsors
International Conference
Call for Speaker Abstracts
BSF 2020 Conference
Conference Programs
Newsletter
Newsletter
E-News
Research Brief
January 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December2018
From the Desk of the Executive Director
Kate McCurdy named 2020 Board Chair
BSF charts new paths with FDA
The Power of Patients Harnessing quality registries to Understand Your Rare Disease
BSF Beat
BSF Beat Winter 2019
BSF Beat Spring 2019
Barth Community ENews
January 2020
News Archives
Video Archives
Calendar
Participate in
Research
Ways to Help
Donate
Events
Events
February Heart Month
Rare Disease Day
Tributes
Tributes
Timothy Monahan
Will McCurdy Fund for the Advancement of Therapies for Barth Syndrome
Other Ways To Give
Previous Fundraisers
$20 for #BARTH2020
Participate in Research
Fundraising Toolkit
Set Up A Fundraiser
By participating in a research project, you can play a role in helping physicians and other researchers develop and test better ways to diagnose and treat individuals affected by Barth syndrome. You can make a difference! Please consider becoming a research participant today.
Characterization of the ‘metabolic phenotype’ in Barth syndrome with cardiac transplantationA Barth Syndrome Foundation funded research study is examining nutrient (e.g. sugar, fat, protein) metabolism and function of heart and skeletal muscle in boys and young men with Barth syndrome (aged 8-36 years old) who had a heart transplant. Volunteers need to be at least 1 year post-transplant at minimum and must be stable on heart medications to be considered eligible. Volunteers who live overseas are also eligible.
Study procedures include: 2 metabolic studies that involve rest and exercise, a bike exercise test, heart scan, body composition analysis and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the heart and skeletal muscle. Eligible participants will travel to St. Louis, Missouri, USA for a 2.5 day study at Washington University School of Medicine. Travel and accommodations to and from St. Louis, Missouri, USA will be provided for the participant and one parent.
A modest compensation for the participant’s time and effort will also be provided. If interested, please contact the study coordinator, Kay Bohnert, MS, at 1-314-362-2407 or bohnertk@wustl.edu; or the Principal Investigator, Todd Cade, PT, PhD at 1-314-286-1432 or tcade@wustl.edu for more information.
Listen to Dr. Cade's webinar about this study.
Affected Males’ Perspectives on Relationship-building and Family Planning Related to Barth syndromeInstitution: Boston University
Status: Actively recruiting
Led by Jason Shandler (Boston University) and in collaboration with Cindy James and Becky McCellan (Johns Hopkins Medical Instition) this study will involve an interview to discuss topics such as dating, relationships, family planning, support networks, and reproduction. Open to affected individuals 18 years and older, this study builds upon our efforts in hearing and communicating the patient’s voice to the broader research community. This study is actively recruiting and open to US and international-based individuals.
Contact Information: Jason Shandler jas11@bu.edu
For more information and how to participate, please click here.
This study seeks to describe how individuals with Barth Syndrome do after being formally listed and/or receiving a heart transplantHOW: Drs. Feingold and Taylor will combine heart transplant data from a registry (PHTS) to data in the Barth Syndrome Registry. By completing the Barth Syndrome Registry questions about heart transplants, your data can also be included in this important study!
More information about the Barth Syndrome Registry can be found at:
Barth Syndrome Registry Website
Principal Investigator: Erik Lontok, PhD
Full participation in research by our BSF community is vital for finding a treatment. The data you are providing through the Barth Syndrome Registry is being mined to fuel research. It is easy to answer the multiple-choice questions and help our researchers. We estimate it would take <10 minutes to complete the transplant-related questions in the Barth Research Registry. When you enroll in the Barth Syndrome Registry you will need to provide your consent (permission) before answering any questions.
The overall goal of this study is to better understand the transplant experience in BTHS. We are aware of 38 individuals who have received a transplant with BTHS, 16 have responded to the transplant survey so far. We really need more (everyone) to participate! Please enroll in the Barth Syndrome Registry if you have not done so already and complete the questionnaire.
PLEASE NOTE: A copy of the individuals genetic test results (or a medical diagnosis) are required to be part of the Barth Syndrome Registry.
Barth Syndrome Registry & RepositoryThe purpose of the Barth Syndrome Registry and Repository (BRR) is to amass information and biological specimens from individuals with Barth syndrome (BTHS) into a single database which will be utilized by researchers to better understand Barth syndrome. Through our families' contribution to the BRR, knowledge is gained, research is facilitated, and differences are being made.
The BRR empowers every person who has BTHS and family members around the world to make a difference in the fight to conquer BTHS. By participating in the BRR and completing your profile survey about your own unique experience with BTHS, you are contributing to a global database about the accessibility of diagnosis, care and treatments, and disease severity of BTHS. The BRR is a centralized resource that is vital to helping researchers learn more about BTHS, accelerating the development of new research and treatments, identifying issues that need research, and improving the care of all those with BTHS.
The BRR recognizes the importance of global collaboration. One of the goals of the Registry is to enable researchers from around the world to work together to speed research progress. The BRR connects all those interested in accelerating BTHS research – affected individuals, families and researchers – with a resource that has never before been available in one place.
Every person counts in the fight against BTHS. As a participant in the BRR, you will be able to explore data and view how your answers may compare to others. You will also have access to information about new research for BTHS and ways to participate in studies and clinical trials. By logging into your profile, you can review the results of published and unpublished studies that result from the BRR.
To learn more about the Barth Syndrome Registry go to www.barthsyndromeregistry.org.
NORD
Facebook
Powered by Firespring