http://www.cosmeticgyn.net/conditions
Get "My Body is Mine Again:" A Free Vaginal Rejuvenation E-Book
Call us at
210-615-6646
HomeDr. HailparnProceduresVaginal RejuvenationThermiVA™LabiaplastyO ShotHymenoplastyOther ProceduresPayment InfoEventsContact
Call us at
210-615-6646
Book a Consult
Book a Consult
Name(*)
Email(*)
Please let us know your email address.
Phone(*)
Invalid Input
Best time
to call(*)
Invalid Input
Procedure(s)
Vaginal RejuvenationThermiVALabiaplastyHymenoplastyLabia Majora ReductionLipo of the Mons PubisPerineoplastyPrepuce ReductionThe O-ShotUnsureInvalid Input
Send
Book a Consult
Name(*)
Email(*)
Please let us know your email address.
Phone(*)
Invalid Input
Best time
to call(*)
Invalid Input
Procedure(s)
Vaginal RejuvenationThermiVALabiaplastyHymenoplastyLabia Majora ReductionLipo of the Mons PubisPerineoplastyPrepuce ReductionThe O-ShotUnsure Invalid Input
Send
Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this site, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use this site!
The Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio (CGC) may revise and update these Terms and Conditions at any time. Your continued usage of the CGC website ("CGC Site," or the "Site,") will mean you accept those changes.
The Site Does Not Provide Medical Advice
The contents of the Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio Site (CGC), such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from CGC's licensors, and other material contained on the CGC Site ("Content") are for informational purposes only. The Content may not be complete and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the CGC website!
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. CGC does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by CGC, CGC employees, others appearing on the Site at the invitation of CGC, or other visitors to the Site is solely at your own risk.
The Site may contain health- or medical-related materials that are sexually explicit. If you find these materials offensive, you may not want to use our Site.
Once again, information presented on this Website is intended to impart general information. This information may not be complete, is not intended to be used for diagnosis or treatment purposes, and should not take the place of a physician consultation. The CGC and cosmeticgyn.net is not rendering medical advice. You should also know that the people in the pictures used on this website are models and not actual patients unless otherwise so stated.
Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. You should be aware that this Site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 16. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 16.
Use of Content
CGC authorizes you to view or download a single copy of the material on the CGC Site solely for your personal, noncommercial, non-Internet use if you include the following copyright notice: "Copyright ©2016, Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio. All rights reserved" and other copyright and proprietary rights notices that are contained in the Content. Any special rules for the use of certain items accessible on the CGC Site may be included elsewhere within the Site and are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference.
The Content is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with CGC or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of CGC. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to CGC and its licensors.
If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
Liability of CGC and Its Licensors
The use of the CGC Site and the Content is at your own risk.
When using the CGC Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of CGC and its suppliers. Accordingly, CGC assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the CGC Site.
The CGC Site and the content are provided on an "as is" basis. CGC, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Without limiting the foregoing, CGC, its licensors, and its suppliers make no representations or warranties about the following:
The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the CGC Site or CGC.
The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any software tools with regard to the Content contained on the CGC Site.
In no event shall CGC, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the CGC Site be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the CGC Site or the Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not VRCGC, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the CGC Site are advised of the possibility of such damages. CGC, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the CGC Site shall be liable only to the extent of actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed U.S. $1000. CGC, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the CGC Site are not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Site, Content, or any Areas of the Site (including those described below). Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site, any Content, or the Public Areas must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms and Conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions.
User Submissions
The personal information you submit to CGC is governed by the CGC Privacy Policy. To the extent there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and the CGC Privacy Policy, this Agreement shall govern.
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Public Areas (including blogs, message boards, etc.) that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or content to the Public Areas, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any such submission you agree that you will not send or transmit to CGC by email, (including through the email addresses listed on the "Contact" page) any communication or content that infringes or violates any rights of any party. If you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to CGC by email, you agree such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any submission to a Public Area or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to CGC by email, you automatically grant-or warrant that the owner of such content or intellectual property has expressly granted-CGC a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed. CGC may sublicense its rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not submit them to the Public Areas or to CGC by email. We try to answer every email in a timely manner, but are not always able to do so.
User Submissions — Image, Video, Audio Files
You agree to only post, upload, or email Media (like photos, videos or audio) that you have taken yourself or that you have all rights to transmit and license and which do not violate trademark, copyright, privacy or any other rights of any other person. Photos or videos of celebrities and cartoon or comic images are usually copyrighted by the owner.
To protect your privacy, you agree that you will not submit any media that contains Personally Identifiable Information (like name, phone number, email address or web site URL.) of you or of anyone else. Uploading media like images or video of other people without their permission is strictly prohibited.
By uploading any media on the CGC site, you warrant that you have permission from all persons appearing in your media for you to make this contribution and grant rights described herein. Never post or email a picture or video of or with someone else unless you have their explicit permission.
It is strictly prohibited to upload media of any kind that ccontain expressions of hate, abuse, offensive images or conduct, obscenity, pornography, sexually explicit or any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms and Conditions and the CGC Privacy Policy.
You agree that you will not upload or email any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or this Web site.
By uploading or emailing any media like a photo or video, (a) you grant to CGC a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material included in the media; and (b) you certify that any person pictured in the submitted media (or, if a minor, his/her parent/legal guardian) authorizes CGC to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material included in such media; and (c) you agree to indemnify CGC and its affiliates, directors, officers and employees and hold them harmless from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from the media and/or your failure to comply with these the terms described in this document.
CGC reserves the right to review all media prior to submission to the site and to remove any media for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion.
CGC "Public Areas"
If you use a Public Area, such as message boards, blogs, or other communication functions of the Site, you are solely responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those communications, and your reliance on any communications found in the Public Areas. CGC and its licensors are not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
Using a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws;
Posting material that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
Posting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by CGC in its sole discretion;
Posting advertisements or solicitations of business;
After receiving a warning, continuing to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, or posting comments that are not related to the topic being discussed (unless it is clear the discussion is free-form);
Posting chain letters or pyramid schemes;
Impersonating another person;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their identification for posting or viewing comments;
Allowing any other person or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing comments
Posting the same note more than once or "spamming"; or
Engaging in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Site, or which, in the judgment of VRCGC, exposes CGC or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of any type.
CGC Reserves the Right (but is Not Obligated) to Do Any or All of the Following:
Record the dialogue in public areas.
Investigate an allegation that a communication(s) do(es) not conform to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s).
Remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform with these Terms and Conditions.
Terminate a user's access to any or all Public Areas and/or the CGC Site upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Monitor, edit, or disclose any communication in the Public Areas.
Edit or delete any communication(s) posted on the CGC Site, regardless of whether such communication(s) violate these standards.
CGC or its licensors have no liability or responsibility to users of the CGC Site or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
Advertisements, Searches, and Links to Other Sites
CGC may provide links to third-party web sites. CGC does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. CGC is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the CGC Site, third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. CGC does not endorse any product, service, or treatment advertised on the CGC Site.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold CGC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
General
CGC is based in San Antonio, Texas, in the United States of America with principal offices in San Antonio, Texas. CGC makes no claims that CGC or any Site within the CGC Network and the Content are appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the CGC Network from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions, User Submissions – image, video, audio files, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement.
Jurisdiction
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with CGC, or in any way relating to your use of the CGC Site, resides in the courts of the State of Texas, County of Bexar, and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of Texas, County of Bexar, in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving CGC or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Texas, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Notice and Takedown Procedures; and Copyright Agent
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this web site by contacting VRCGC's copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.
Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that "under penalty of perjury," you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
CGC's agent for copyright issues relating to this web site is as follows:
Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio
Web Site Copyright Agent 525 Oak Centre Drive, Ste. 200 San Antonio, Texas 78258 Office: (210) 615-6646
In an effort to protect the rights of copyright owners, CGC maintains a policy for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of subscribers and account holders of the Site who are repeat infringers.
Complete Agreement
Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on the CGC Site, these Terms and Conditions and the CGC Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and CGC with respect to the use of the CGC Site, and Content.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the cosmeticgyn.net Site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this website, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted using our Email Us Form or via U.S. mail to:
Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio
525 Oak Centre Drive, Ste. 200 San Antonio, Texas 78258
Last Updated: August 1, 2016
Schedule your Consultation
Feel free to call us at 210-615-6646 or if you prefer use our Contact Form
Get your Free Vaginal Rejuvenation E-book
HomeDr. HailparnProceduresVaginal RejuvenationThermiVA™LabiaplastyO ShotHymenoplastyOther ProceduresPayment InfoEventsContact
×
Hello,
I wanted to reach out and update you on how we’re approaching the coronavirus pandemic at the Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio.
First and foremost, our hearts go out to anyone who's been impacted by the virus, either directly or indirectly. Our thoughts are especially with those who are sick, to whom we extend our heartfelt wishes for a full recovery.
As for our office, we are open and we are taking all reasonable precautions to protect our patients. We do have patients coming in for consults, along with in-office treatments and surgeries. We are scheduling one patient at a time in the office for everyone’s protection.
In addition, during these challenging times, if you do not want to come to the office for a consult, I will do a free 15-minute telephone consult with you. I will address your concerns, provide possible treatment solutions and answer your questions. Please email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with your name and phone number. Put “Phone Consult” in the subject line. We’ll promptly get back to you to schedule that.
As we go forward, we’ll be sure to keep you updated and know that we always put your health first.
Sincerely,
Dr. Troy Robbin Hailparn