http://www.chw.org/ways-to-help/giving
Kids in Wisconsin need YOU this holiday season.
Your gift will be doubled through the Children’s Matching Gift Challenge!
MAKE 2X THE DIFFERENCE
Help us give kids the care they deserve
Your support has the potential to impact countless lives and helps our exceptional doctors and nurses to achieve the impossible every day.
Give monthly gift
Give one-time gift
Your gift, your way
No matter how you give, your gift is critical in helping us help kids.
Donate in honor or memory of someone
Honor a loved one or caregiver who has touched your life.
Give an estate, stock or endowment gift
Planning a future gift is a wonderful way to leave a legacy.
More ways to give to Children's Wisconsin
Donate toys and other items
By donating toys or other items, a child's hospital experience can be less scary and more enjoyable.
Learn more
Donate online
Give a monthly recurring donation or one-time gift online now with a credit card.
Donate online now
Donate by mail
Download our paper donation form and donate with a check or credit card by mail.
Download donation form
Attend an event
We host a variety of fundraising events that benefit Children’s — join us and support the care we provide.
Find an event
Plan a fundraising event
If you would like to plan an event to raise money for Children’s, our team is here to help you.
Learn more
Corporate giving
Partnering with Children's benefits your organization, employees and customers while supporting the care we provide.
Learn more
Shop to support Children's
A portion of the proceeds, or your additional gift, can help us help kids when you shop or dine out at these locations.
View shopping promotions
Fundraise on Facebook
A new and easy way to raise money for Children's through your network of family and friends.
Learn more
Volunteer
We offer a wide variety of volunteer opportunities in our hospitals and in the communities we serve.
Learn more
Subscribe to Children's Checkup
Receive inspiring patient stories, news and information on upcoming events in your inbox.
Subscribe now