http://www.hillsides.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
We understand that medical information about you and your health is personal. We are committed to protecting your health information. We refer to this information as "Protected Health Information" or "PHI". We create a record of the care and services you receive from Hillsides. We need this record to provide you with quality care and to comply with certain legal and payment requirements. This notice will tell you about the ways in which we may use and disclose your PHI. We also describe your rights and certain obligations we have regarding the use and disclosure of your PHI.
We are required by law to:
Keep your PHI private;
Notify you of our legal duties and privacy practices concerning your PHI;
Notify you if your PHI is affected by a breach; and
Follow the terms of the notice that is currently in effect.
1.          Uses and Disclosures We May Make Without Written Authorization
We may use or disclose your PHI for certain purposes without your authorization, including:
Treatment. Your health information may be used by staff members or disclosed to other health care professionals for the purpose of treatment.  For example, your health information may be used by our staff to send you appointment reminders, and we may disclose PHI to other health care professionals so that they may treat you and so that we can coordinate the services we provide to you.  We may use your health information to send you information on your treatment and treatment alternatives.
Payment. Your health information may be used or disclosed to seek payment for our services from your health plan or from other sources of coverage.  For example, we may need to give information about you to your health plan to obtain preauthorization for treatment or reimbursement for our services.
Health care operations. Your health information may be used or disclosed to support the day-to-day activities that are necessary for the operations and management of Hillsides and ensure that our patients receive quality care.  For example, we may use information to train our staff or review their performance.
Other Uses and Disclosures.  We may also use or disclose your PHI for certain other purposes permitted by application federal or state law and regulations, including:
Process & Proceedings.  We may disclose information in response to a court or administrative order, subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process.
Specialized governmental functions, including to correctional institutions.  We may disclose information about an inmate or other person in lawful custody to an official or correctional institution, or in other law enforcement custodial situations.
Required by law.  We may disclose information when required by law to do so.
Public health reporting. Your health information may be disclosed to public health agencies as required by law. For example, we are required to report certain communicable diseases to the state’s public health department. We are also required to report child abuse and neglect.
Abuse, neglect, and domestic violence.  We may disclose information concerning victims of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence to the appropriate government agency.
Health oversight activities.  We may disclose information to health oversight agencies for health oversight activities including audits, investigations, licensure or disciplinary actions.
Serious threats to health or safety.  We may disclose information to necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of a person or the public.
Social services agencies and agencies providing public benefits.  We may disclose information to social service agencies.  For example, under our contract with the Department of Mental Health, if your case becomes open with Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS), there is automatic sharing of information including date of intake agency and primary therapist providing treatment to the DCFS County Social Worker (CSW). Likewise, DCFS will share information back to the mental health provider pertaining to the open case, CSW and Supervisor information.
Research.  We may use or disclose information for research purposes, if certain conditions are satisfied.
Law enforcement.  Your health information may be disclosed to law enforcement agencies to facilitate law-enforcement investigations, and to comply with government mandated reporting. We may disclose to a law enforcement official concerning the PHI of a suspect, fugitive, material witness, crime victim or missing person, or a crime committed on our premises.
2.          Disclosures We May Make Unless You Object
Unless you tell us otherwise, we may disclose your information for the following purposes:
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care. We may disclose PHI about you to a family member, friend, or other person you designate if you give us permission to do so, which you can do orally.  We will limit the disclosure to information relevant to that person’s involvement in your care or payment for your care.
Fundraising. Unless you request us not to, we will use your name and address to support our fund-raising efforts. If you do not want to participate in fund-raising efforts, please check the appropriate box on the Acknowledgement of Notice of Privacy Practices.
Facility Directory.  We may use and disclose information to maintain our residential treatment facility directory.  If a person asks for you by name, we will only disclose your name, general condition, and location in our facility, but only if the law permits us to do so.  We may also disclose your religious affiliation to clergy.
3.          Other Uses and Disclosures Require Your Authorization
Disclosure of your health information or its use for any purposes other than those listed above requires your specific written authorization. If you change your mind after authorizing a use or disclosure of your information, you may submit a written revocation of the authorization. However, your decision to revoke the
authorization will not affect or undo any use or disclosure of your information that occurred before you notified us of your decision to revoke your authorization.
Without your authorization, we are expressly prohibited to use or disclose your protected health information for marketing purposes and we are specifically required to disclose in such authorization if financial remuneration is involved in such marketing. We may not sell your protected health information without your authorization. We may not use or disclose most psychotherapy notes contained in your protected health information without your authorization.
4.          Your Individual Rights Concerning Your PHI
You have certain rights under the federal privacy laws. These include:
a. The right to request restrictions on the use and disclosure of your protected health information
b.   The right to receive confidential communications concerning your treatment
c.   The right to inspect and copy your protected health information
d.   The right to amend or submit corrections to your protected health information
e.   The right to receive an accounting of how and to whom your protected health information has been
disclosed
f.   The right to receive a printed copy of this notice.
This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities to help you
Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you.  Ask us how to do this.
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request.
Ask us to correct your medical record
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete.   Ask us how to do this.
We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 30 days.
Request confidential communications
We normally contact you by telephone at your home,  cell or at your home address
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home, cell or office phone) or to send mail to a different address.
We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests.
Ask us to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.
If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or operations with your health insurer. We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared information
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make).
Choose someone to act for you
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information.
We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.
Get a copy of this notice
You may obtain a paper copy of this Notice upon request.
You may receive a paper copy, even if you agreed to receive electronic notices from us.
5.          Right to Revise Privacy Practices and Changes to This Notice
As permitted by law, we reserve the right to amend or modify our privacy policies and practices at any time. These changes in our policies and practices may be required by changes in federal and state laws and regulations.  If we materially change our privacy policies and practices, we will revise this Notice and post a copy of the current Notice in our reception areas and on our website.  Upon request, we will provide you with the most recently revised notice. The revised policies and practices will be applied to all protected health information we maintain, regardless of when we received it.
6.          Complaints
If you would like to submit a comment or complaint about our privacy practices, or believe that your privacy rights have been violated, you should call the matter to our attention by sending a letter outlining your concerns to: Toni Aikins, Ph.D., Privacy Officer, Hillsides Support Services:
815 Colorado Blvd., Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90041. T (323) 543.2800, ext.218
You can also file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696-6775, or visiting www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/.
You will not be penalized or otherwise retaliated against by us, for filing a complaint.
7.          Contact Person
If you have any questions about this Notice, or if you want to exercise any right explained above, or complain about any use or disclosure of your information, the name and address of the person you may contact is: Toni Aikins, Ph.D., Privacy Officer, Hillsides Support Services: 815 Colorado Blvd., Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90041  T (323) 543.2800, ext.218 C (661) 803-1063
8.          Effective Date This notice is effective on or after 5/23/2016, TA
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.hillsides.org940 Avenue 64Pasadena, CA 91105USAinfo@hillsides.org323-254-2274
Get Involved
Donate Volunteer
Join our newsletter *
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Flickr YouTube
Family Resource Centers
Family Resource Centers offer numerous community-based programs and services that provide parenting classes, mental health support, and additional crucial resources for vulnerable children and families throughout Los Angeles County, including the San Gabriel Valley
and Pasadena. >
Residential Treatment Services
Residential Treatment Services provide a safe and stable environment where children and youths, who cannot live at home, suffered trauma, or have severe emotional or behavioral challenges, can thrive. >
Education Center
Education Center, a therapeutic residential and day school, offers individualized education for students with social-emotional, learning and/or behavior challenges for children in kindergarten through 12th grade.
>
Youth Moving On
Youth Moving On, with support from The Everychild Foundation, provides former foster youth affordable quality housing and numerous support services to help them become responsible, self-sufficient adults. >
Campus Map
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Statement
Terms and Conditions
HIPAA Information
Site Map
940 Avenue 64, Pasadena, CA 91105     Main Campus: (323) 254-2274  Fax: (323) 254-0598Copyright © 2019 Hillsides Organization. All Rights Reserved.
Family Resource Centers
Our centers provide parenting classes, mental health support, and additional crucial resources for vulnerable children and families. In addition, we offer school-based mental health services in the Pasadena, Los Angeles, Baldwin Park, and Glendale/Burbank school districts.
Read More >
Youth Moving On
Hillsides' innovative transitional living and permanent housing programs give young adults the job training, financial know-how, and the counseling they need to find fulfilling careers and become responsible, self-sufficient adults.
Read More >
Hillsides Education Center
Our staff of committed teachers help students refocus their energies and achieve newfound academic success through small classes, personalized attention, and progressive lesson plans.
Read More >
Residential Treatment Services
Our main campus, located on 17 acres of beautiful park-like grounds, includes five cottages, an arts and recreation center, a children's resource center, nursing offices for children and families, a playground, swimming pool, and a library.
Read More >
Be An Advocate
Blog
A VoiceWe take a stand to create lasting change.
Donation ProgramsVital to building and maintaining quality treatment programs for the children.
Board of Directors
Executive Leadership
History
Mission and Core Values
Our Partners
Videos and Publications
Our VisionCreating lasting change for success.
Education Center
Family Resource Centers
Residential Treatment Services
Youth Moving On
Bienvenidos Foster Care and Adoption
Bienvenidos
Trauma Informed Care
Our Core ProgramsWe offer a breadth of innovative services for at-risk children and their families.
Be An Advocate
Blog
A VoiceWe take a stand to create lasting change.
Adopt a Family
Donate
Holiday Giving
Loyalty Programs and Giving Portals
Volunteer
Donation ProgramsVital to building and maintaining quality treatment programs for the children.
Momma Lucy Shares the Love
Hillsides Makes a Commitment to Serving
East Los Angeles
A dog-gone great partnership helps both students and pooches
A Homeless Youth Finds an Apartment and a Job
A Teen in Foster Care Gains the Confidence to Tackle College
Myles Williams – Pushing for the Best
How our Wraparound Team Helped a Mom Get her Life Back
Creating RICH Relationships with the Children
A family becomes whole through adoption
Car Washes and the Love of a Devoted Caregiver
180 Years of Love
A Caring Teacher Whose Skills Really Rock
A Child Finally Learns to Love School
A Couple with a Big Enough Heart for Four Siblings in Foster Care
A Desperate Mom Finds Hope for Her Young Son at Hillsides
A Job, a Future, and the Confidence to Take on the World
A Lifelong Connection to Hillsides: From Resident to Volunteer
At
Hillsides, It’s Always Time for ‘Carolyn Time’
Filling a Prescription for Care
Finding
Her Voice as a Writer
Finding Inspiration in the Kids
Finding Love for 34 Foster Children
Former Hillsides Employee Makes a Splash in Toy Business and is now Giving Back
StoriesRead stories of our successful children, youth, and families.
A heart of gold
Getting where he needs to be
StoriesRead stories of our successful children, youth, and families.