http://www.rationaltherapeutics.com/legal
call 800-542-4357 or 562-989-6455
Cancer Type
Bladder & Kidney
Brain - Glioblastoma
Breast
Cervical
Colon & Rectal (Colorectal)
Endometrial/Uterine
Gynecologic
Head & Neck
Leukemia
Lung
Lymphoma
Melanoma
Neuroendocrine
Ovarian
Pancreatic & Liver
Prostate
Sarcoma
Stomach (Gastric)
Unknown Primary
About us
Who We Are
NCI In the News
Professional Endorsements
what we do
personal cancer testing & consultations
how we test - functional profiling
why use functional profiling?
pharmaceutical drug development
Our Blog
Dr. Nagourney's Blog
Patient Resources
TV Segments, TEDx Talk, Cancer Guides & More
Patient Stories
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What to expect as a patient
Financial Assistance for Testing
the science
Published Papers
Survival Curves
Physician Information
Clinical Application of Assay-Directed Therapy
Data on Testing Cancer Types
Contact us
Nagourney Cancer Institute Legal Notices
Legal Menu
Legal
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by the Nagourney Cancer Institute.  EVA-PCD and EVA-PCD TARxGET are registered trademarks of Rational Therapeutics Inc. a subentity of Nagourney Cancer Institute.  No material from any site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Nagourney Cancer Institute may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, without the prior written consent of Nagourney Cancer Institute. When referencing this material online, a copy of the URL with the original copy should be provided.
Liability
Nagourney Cancer Institute makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of content on this site.  Nagourney Cancer Institute assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this site. Website material is provided “as is” and all attempts are made to correct erroneous information and keep the site as current as possible. This information is provided as reference and all medical information should be discussed with your physician.
Internet Privacy
This notice describes how your information may be used and disclosed, as well as how you can gain access to this information. It also details your rights as a consumer of this content and the responsibilities of Nagourney Cancer Institute as content creators. Please review carefully. If you have any questions about this notice, please contact Nagourney Cancer Institute at 562.989.6455 or clientservices@nagourneyci.com. We strive to maintain your privacy, confidentiality and security at all times. It is our goal to ensure your trust and confidence by providing as much information as we can about data collection procedures and information when needed.
We understand that the personal information and health-related personal information you provide during your visit to our site and through electronic media is highly sensitive and you may have concerns about sharing such information with us. It is our goal to protect your privacy and we strive to develop practices and policies to safeguard your personal and health-related personal information.
The only times within this site that you’ll be asked to submit personal information are on the Contact Us page, downloading offers of information, and when you opt-in to Dr. Nagourney's blog. You will be informed on how this information is collected at that time. In order to participate in our email messaging, you are required to complete a registration form that requests certain information, such as name and e-mail address. Once you are on our email lists, you can opt out of receiving messages at any time by clicking the opt out (unsubscribe) link at the bottom of your message.
As a service to our users, we also participate in blogging and on select social networks. In these instances, medical information is posted and readers are encouraged to participate in an open dialog (through posting comments…) in order to support one another. You should be aware that any information shared in an open forum such as these, is public information and you should think carefully before disclosing any personal and/or health-related personal information in any public forum.
Nagourney Cancer Institute Uses of Information
We continually seek new ways to maintain your trust as a user and improve our offerings. To provide new and better services, we tend to monitor user traffic patterns and try to analyze what our users like and do not like about our current offerings so we can design better services for you. One method we use is a cookie to collect anonymous traffic data. We may also use certain information for testing purposes, site development and planning and during the normal course of maintaining the site. When you use our site, you automatically allow us to collect this anonymous information. In these cases, researchers, business and marketing analysts, system designers and others may have access to the data we collect.We do not intend to use or disclose any indentifying information or health-related personal information you provide on our site to an unrelated third party without your express permission, except as explained in this section.
Third Parties
We may, from time to time, contract with vendors to provide specific services, such as data analysis, data storage, e-mail processing, customer service, sweepstakes or special promotions. We ask vendors to adhere to our confidentiality standards and do not permit a vendor to use our customer information for any other purpose. In many of these instances, you will be given the opportunity to opt-in to this collection of information and can opt-out at any time.
Some of our messages may be co-branded with partner companies and non-profit organizations. These co-branded messages are sent from Nagourney Cancer Institute without selling/sharing your personal information with these parties. However, if you provide registration information on sponsored or co-branded sites not operated by Nagourney Cancer Institute, data can be collected by these parties. You should read the individual privacy policies of sponsored or co-branded sites. Reading the policies will help you make an informed decision on whether or not you want to use the site.
At times, we may provide links within this website to other, third party sites. Any information provided on these sites is informational and not intended as specific advice. Nagourney Cancer Institute shall not be responsible or liable for any harm resulting from reliance on information contained in these sites.
Related Blog Articles
For Stage 4 Pancreatic Cancer, Is Anyone Too Old to Treat?
Our success in the management of complicated cancer patients has engendered a loyal following. I am always pleased to receive referrals from my...
Stage IV HER2 Positive Breast Cancer: The Art of Oncology
Among Michelangelo's most famous sculptures are the 'Prisoners” that depict human forms awakening from their marble entrapment. The sculptor believed...
Stage 4 Gastroesophageal Cancer Patient Responds to 2nd Novel Cocktail
A SECOND NOVEL COCKTAIL PROVES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN THE FIRST: AN UPDATE
This is the first blog I have penned since COVID-19 swept through the...
How We Test Your Cancer
Currently, hundreds of drugs, drug combinations and targeted agents are used to treat cancer patients. With so many choices, how does your oncologist decide which ones are right for you?
Drugs & Pathways We Can Test
The drugs tested in our functional profiling analysis are disease specific and based on previous treatment history for a personalized patient profile.
Call Today to Schedule a Consultation
Nagourney Cancer Institute 750 E. 29th Street Long Beach, California 90806
P (800) 542-4357
(562) 989-6455
F(562) 989-8160
SUBSCRIBE TO DR. NAGOURNEY'S BLOG
Want to email us? Let us know what you need.
Nagourney Cancer Insitute is managed by Rational Therapeutics, LLC.  EVA-PCD, Target Rx, and Translational Rx are registered trademarks of Rational Therapeutics.
2019 Nagourney Cancer Institute.  750 E. 29th Street, Long Beach, CA 90806   (800) 542-4357   All rights reserved.    Legal    Privacy Policy