http://www.digestivedistress.com/privacy-policies
About UsOur Mission
Medical Advisors
Accomplishments
Advocacy
Awareness
GPDA Public Forums video webcasts
InformationFor Diabetics
Understanding GP
Other Digestive Disorders
Booklets
More Topics
Webcast Lectures
NutritionWhat to eat, Diabetics
What to eat, Idiopathics
Tube feeding info.
Prevention
TreatmentsClinical Trials
Med. Alerts
Find a Doctor
GES
Complimentary Tx.
ResourcesDisability Information
GES appeals
Children
Links
ProfessionalDomperidone
Zelnorm
Cisapride
Pt. Booklets
Awareness
Events
Sponsors
Stories
Research
Media
We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Last up-date: April 13, 2010
Diabetic Gastroparesis
GPDA's web site has been
recognized by WEGO Health
as an outstanding resource
for health information on
diabetic gastroparesis.
Thank you WEGO Health
for the award recognition!
Home
Disclaimer, Privacy, Policies and Terms of Use
The Gastroparesis and Dysmotilities Association (GPDA) is registered under the Canadian Federal Government's Charities Act. GPDA's intent is to increase public awareness, support research and provide information to those who suffer with gastroparesis and related dysmotilities.
Canada Revenue Agency http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/charities,
Registered Charitable Organization BN: 859541310RR001
GPDA Web site:
This Web site is supported by GPDA, and does not receive revenue from advertisement or other third-party groups.
Web Linking:
Links (external hyperlinks) to Internet Web sites outside of the GPDA domain are provided for the convenience of the user. GPDA is not responsible for the content of these external sites and does not endorse, warrant or guarantee the information offered at these sites. By posting these links, GPDA is in no way endorsing or favouring one particular site over another. GPDA reserves the right to determine which external sites to list.
Privacy Statement:
GPDA is committed to protecting your privacy.
Information collected by our Web site counter does not personally identify you.
Our Web site does not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or e-mail address. We will only obtain this type of information if you supply it by sending us an e-mail or membership form or fill-in your personal contact information on our "on-line" registration form.
All personal information supplied to GPDA is kept confidential.
GPDA does not share your information with any 3rd party groups.
GPDA adhheres to the Alberta legislative reqirements with respect to protecting privacy.
GPDA will not maintain an e-mail mailing list except where permission has been granted.
No e-mail solicitation.
GPDA utilizes our mailing list / e-mail list strictly for the purposes of disseminating information regarding GPDA programs, awareness campaigns, news important to our community, donation opportunities and donation receipts. You may decline further communication and request your contact information be removed from our mailing-list at anytime simply by: calling, writing or e-mailing to GPDA.
GPDA cannot respond to individual questions related to treatment or medications, but we can provide suggestions to help guide you. GPDA is not a medical-care provider.
Financial Disclosure:
GPDA's Board is made up of committed volunteers. No one on the Board receives, or ever will receive remuneration for their duties. All monies raised or donated to GPDA will go toward fulfilling our objectives. Donations can be designated to a specific objective, i.e. awareness campaigns, education/information (symposium), or research.
Disclaimer:
The material that is provided on GPDA's Web site is intended for educational and informational purposes only. GPDA is not engaged in providing medical service or advice and the information supplied at GPDA's Web site is not a substitute for a professional medical opinion. If you have a medical problem, please contact a qualified health professional. The information on GPDA's Web site is not to be construed with favouring one method or treatment approach over another. GPDA cannot be held responsible for individual medical decisions made based upon information obtained from our Web site.
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the content within the GPDA Web site. GPDA makes no warranty, whether expressed or implied, nor does it assume any legal liability, whether direct or indirect, or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of our Web site or hypertext links.
Copyright Notice:
The material published within the Gastroparesis and Dysmotilities Association (GPDA) domain is copyrighted by GPDA, 2002. Information on this site has been provided with the intent that it be available for personal and public non-commercial use and may be reproduced, in part or in whole and by any means, without charge or further permission from GPDA
GPDA asks only that:
Users exercise care in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced;
GPDA is identified as the source; and
The reproduction is not represented as an official version of the materials reproduced.
Some of the materials and graphic elements found on GPDA's Web site are subject to copyright held by other organizations. In such cases GPDA has received permission to use these materials, and has provided acknowledgement of these sources. Reproduction of these materials has been granted to GPDA for educational and non-commercial purposes.
Journals and research papers have been referenced to acknowledge the sources and must be included in any reproductions.
Return Back
Disclaimer: GPDA's Web site is intended for educational and informational purposes only. Any suggestions provided on the GPDA Web site should never be undertaken without your health care professional's knowledge and guidance. If you have a digestive problem, seek professional care.
©2011 The Gastroparesis & Dysmotilities Association
home | terms of use | privacy policies |