http://www.eastsideah.com/privacy-policy
Our hospital will remain open during the COVID-19 pandemic. Learn More or Call Us: (812) 477–3826. Get Directions. After Hour Emergency: 812-422-3300.
Privacy Policy
East Side Animal Hospital respects your privacy. Please read the following to understand what information we collect and how we may use it.
Collecting Information: As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to the site. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation East Side Animal Hospital Internet servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) and the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer). In addition, we may use the following technology:
Cookies: Cookies are used when you visit our Site. A “Site” includes our websites, emails, and other applications owned and operated by East Side Animal Hospital (the “Company”, “our”, or “us”) as well as any other services that display this Privacy Policy. This policy explains what these technologies are and why they are used, as well as your right to control their use.
Our policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Site, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies. We may change our Cookie Policy at any time. Please look at the “LAST REVISED” date on the Cookie Policy to see when our Cookie Policy was last revised. Any change in our Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Site.
We use technologies on the site East Side Animal Hospital (the Site) to collect information that helps us improve your online experience. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to these technologies, which include cookies, pixels, web beacons and gifs, collectively as cookies. This policy explains the different types of cookies used on the Site and how you can control them. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please look at the last effective date at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes in this Privacy Policy will become effective when we make the revised Privacy Policy available on or through the Site. Any personal information that we collect through the use of cookies is obtained through transparent notice to you and through your consent. Where applicable, we provide you with the opportunity to opt out. We hope that this Privacy Policy helps you understand and feel more confident about our use of cookies. If you have any further queries, please contact marketinghelp@pathwayvets.com.
1. What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work in a better, more efficient way. They can do this because websites can read and write these files, enabling them to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of a website more convenient (e.g. by remembering your user preferences).
2. What cookies do we use?
Below we list the different types of cookies we may use on the Site.
Performance Cookies. Performance cookies, which are sometimes called analytics cookies, collect information about your use of this Site and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, performance cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Site, allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Site, help us record any difficulties you have with the Site and show us whether our advertising is effective or not.
Performance cookies on this Site are:
Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager:To opt out of Google Analytics, please visit the Google Analytics site.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies. We and our service providers may use targeting or advertising cookies to deliver ads that we believe are more relevant to you and your interests. For example, we may use targeting or advertising cookies to limit the number of times you see the same ad on our Site and to help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. These cookies remember what you have looked at on the Site and we may share this information with other organizations, such as advertisers. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info/consumers, and to opt-out of such ad networks’ and services’ advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.
Opting out of third party targeting or advertising cookies does not necessarily mean that you will not see our advertising on third party websites, only that this advertising will not be targeted to you through the use of third-party cookies.
Targeting and advertising cookies on this Site are:
IDE: One of the main advertising cookies on non-Google sites is named ‘IDE‘ and is stored in browsers under the domain doubleclick.net.To opt out of IDE, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/managing
_drt_:Serves relevant ads to potential customers and gathers information about how or if you are interacting with these ads.To opt out of _drt_ , please visit: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
3. How do third parties use cookies on the site?
In some circumstances, we may work with third parties to provide services on our Site. Third-party advertisers and other organizations may use their own cookies to collect information about your activities on our Site and/or the advertisements you have clicked on. This information may be used by them to serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you based on content you have viewed. Third-party advertisers may also use this information to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements. We do not control these cookies and to disable or reject third-party cookies, please refer to the relevant third party's website. You can also learn more about controlling cookies in section 4 below.
Third-party cookies on this Site are:
_qca: website rankings and audience segmentationTo opt out of _qca, please visit: https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out
4. How do I control cookies?
You may refuse to accept cookies from this Site at any time by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider's website via your help screen. You may wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers.
For more information about third party cookies and how to opt-out, please visit the third-party privacy policy at the relevant link indicated in paragraphs 2 and 3 above.
Where you can find more information about cookies?
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Log Files: We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, and track user's movement for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Promotions: From time to time, we may offer promotions involving marketing or advertising partners. If you choose to participate in one of these promotions, you'll be asked to provide some information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). If you don't want us to collect the information requested in connection with a promotion, please do not participate in the promotion.
Except as described above, we don't sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the personally identifiable information we collect on this website without your prior consent. We disclose information where we think it's necessary to investigate or prevent an actual or suspected crime or injury to ourselves or others or where disclosure is required by law. We also may disclose information in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. We also disclose information to third parties we retain to perform services on our behalf. For example, we hire service providers to help us run promotions, fulfill orders you may place, and provide customer service. These service providers may have access to personally identifiable information about our website visitors if it is needed to perform their functions for East Side Animal Hospital, but they are not authorized by East Side Animal Hospital to use the information for their own marketing purposes.
Links: This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security: This website takes precautions to protect our users' information using SSL/TLS encryption for all site traffic. It is the policy East Side Animal Hospitalthat visitors under 18 years of age should not submit or post any information on our web site without parental consent.
Feedback: If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy and/or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
East Side Animal Hospital
4125 E. Morgan Ave
Evansville, IN 47715
812-77-3826
Copyright East Side Animal Hospital. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
East Side Animal Hospital
General: (812) 477–3826
After Hour Emergency Hospital: 812-422-3300
Info@eastsideah.com
Location
4125 E. Morgan Ave Evansville, IN 47715
Clinic Hours
Mon, Thu: 7:30 a.m. – 7 p.m.,Tues, Wed, Fri: 7:30 a.m. – 5:30 p.m.Sat: 7:30 a.m. – 12 p.m.Sun: CLOSED