http://www.nadl.org/about-national-association-dental-labs/policies.cfm
Policies
Home
Policies
Returns, Refunds and Exchanges Policy
How To Return An Item
Your item must be in its original unused condition to be returned, unless there is a manufacturer defect. Your must return the item within 30 days of your purchase.
1. Please email nadl@nadl.org to request a refund and we will assign you a tracking #.
2. Mail your returned item to:
325 John Knox Rd #L103
Tallahassee, Florida 32303
3. Include in your package a signed letter stating the reason for your return and the original receipt.
Return Exceptions
Some items can not be returned if they are opened. These include DVDs, Downloadable products, and Home Study Courses.
Shipping & Handling Fee
We do not refund the original shipping & handling that you paid on the order.
Exchanges
No exchanges.
Payment Policy
Accepted Methods of Payment
Credit Card (Visa, Master Card, American Express)
Check/Money Order
Credit Card Charges
Your credit card will be charged when you place your order. If we are not able to fulfill your order for any reason your credit card will be refunded.
Mailing Address For Check/Money Order
325 John Knox Rd #L103
Tallahassee, Florida 32303
Shipping Policy
Turnaround
All orders are normally shipped within 72 hours Monday - Friday 8am - 5pm.
Carriers
We use the following carriers to deliver our orders:
USPS
UPS
FedEx
DHL
Order Tracking
If a tracking # is provided by the shipping carrier, we will update your order with the tracking information. Please note that some orders using 1st Class USPS mail will not have tracking numbers.
Shipping Rates
The rate charged for the shipping of your order is based on the weight of your products, and your location. Before the final checkout page you will be shown what the cost of shipping will be, and you will have a chance to not place your order if you decide not to.
Back Orders
If an item goes on back order we will ship you the part of your order that is in stock. When the item becomes available we will ship you the rest of your order. You will not be charged any additional shipping and handling for the second shipment.
Privacy Policy
This policy covers how we use your personal information. We take your privacy SERIOUSLY and will take all measures to protect your personal information.
What Information Do We Collect?
We only collect information that we need that is related to your order. This includes your:
Billing Address
Shipping Address
Email Address
Credit Card Information
In addition we also collect information on your IP address, browser type, and Refer URL data. We use this data to prevent hacking attempts, help us know what web browsers people are using, and find out where our visitors are coming from so that we can improve our marketing.
How Is My Information Used?
Your information is only used to fill your order. We do not sell or redistribute your information to ANYONE.
Security and Storage
The NADL.org website uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. When entering personal information, we strongly recommend an SSL-enabled web browser. This protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Cookies and Browser Information
Cookies are small files that reside on your computer and allow us to recognize you on your next visit or store your shopping cart contents. We use them only to track this information.