http://www.genevahealth.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
When you use our site, you are trusting us with your information. At Geneva Healthcare, we understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information.
This Privacy Policy tells you:
What information we collect and why we collect it
How we use that information
The choices we offer such as view, correct, change or delete
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner (www.privacy.org.nz) provides further details of the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects personal information in New Zealand.
Important changes to the data protection regulations come into effect in the European Union on May 25, 2018. We hope you will take time to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Information We Collect And Use
The information about you that we collect and use includes:
Information about who you are e.g. your name and contact details
Information about your contact with us e.g. forms, enabled cookies setting and IP address when navigating our site
Information that is automatically collected e.g. via cookies when you visit one of our websites
Personal information e.g. relating to your health, marital or civil partnership status. This information will only be collected and used where it’s needed to provide the product or service you have requested or to comply with our legal obligations
Information you may provide us about other people who may be interested in our services
How We Use Your Information
We use your personal information only where:
You need help with a forgotten password or having login problems with one of our site services
You have given us your permission [consent] to send you information about our services and selected business partners with which we believe may be of interest and benefit. This may also include advertisers where our site may contain links to these other sites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners and advertisers
It’s necessary to provide the services you have requested
It’s necessary for us to meet our legal and regulatory obligations, e.g. changes to our Terms and Conditions, detection and prevention of fraud
You want to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit
If you do not wish us to collect and use your personal information in these ways, it may mean that we will be unable to provide you with our services.
What About Cookies
A cookie is a small file — it’s saved onto your computer or other device when you visit our website.
Cookies store small pieces of information. For example — they will remember you've visited our website or performed a certain action. It does provide your IP address which is considered your personal identifiable information.
We use cookies to help us improve your experience when you visit our website. For example, a cookie might store personal information so you don't have to keep entering it. Cookies also let us know which pages of our website you visited; they help us develop and market our products and services.
Find out more information on our cookie policy.
Who We May Share Your Information With
Geneva Healthcare employees relevant in the provision of services for you
Google
Regulators
Funders
Where Your Information Is Processed
The information we hold is processed in New Zealand and in accordance with the New Zealand Privacy Act.
How We Protect Your Information
We take information and system security very seriously and we strive to comply with our obligations at all times. Any personal information which is collected, recorded or used in any way, whether on paper, online or any other media, will have appropriate safeguards applied in line with our data protection obligations.
Your information is protected by controls designed to minimise loss or damage through accident, negligence or deliberate actions. Our employees also protect sensitive or confidential information when storing or transmitting information electronically and must undertake annual training on this.
Our security controls are aligned to industry standards and good practice; providing a controlled environment that effectively manages risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your information.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We will keep your personal information only where it is necessary to provide you services that meet your needs.
We may also keep your information after this period but only where required to meet our legal or regulatory obligations. The length of time we keep your information for these purposes will vary depending on the obligations we need to meet.
Your Individual Rights
If you are an EU resident, some of the rights according to the new GDPR rules include:
Right of access
You have the right of access to your personal information. If you wish to receive a copy of the personal information we hold on you, you may make a data subject access request through:
Group Quality Manager
P.O.BOX 106339, Auckland 1143
Email Address:
Telephone: 0800 436 382 extension 9310
Right to data portability
You can ask for a copy of your personal information for your own purposes to use across different services. In certain circumstances, you may move, copy or transfer the personal information we hold to another company in a safe and secure way within agreed timelines.
To find out more information on the other GDPR requirements that might be of interest to you, see https://www.eugdpr.org (please note that this link will open a new window and will lead to an external website and that we are not responsible for the content and privacy of external websites).
Changes To This Policy
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will notify site users of any changes to the Privacy Policy via this website.
How To Make A Complaint
We will always strive to collect, use and safeguard your personal information in line with data protection laws. If you do not believe we have handled your information as set out in our Privacy Policy, please visit our Contact page or email our Group Quality Manager
and we will do our utmost to make things right.
Get in touch with us
Have a question?
Send a message to Geneva’s friendly support team.
Enquire
Refer someone
Name
Phone
Email address
Message
If you prefer to call or email, our team is available 24 hours / 7 days:
0800 GENEVA
0800 436 382
info@genevahealth.com