http://www.northdallaseye.com/privacy-policy
Lewisville: 972-436-5040 • Denton: 940-898-1512 • Flower Mound: 972-355-0194 • Frisco: 214-618-3937• Plano: 972-378-5117
View our 5 Locations
Home
Our Practice
Our Services
Eye Conditions
Cataracts
LASIK
Locations
Patient Resources
FAQ
Contact Us
Jobs
Privacy Policy
It is NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES policy to respect and protect the privacy of our customers and the users of www.northdallaseye.com (hereinafter, the “Site”). Through this Internet Privacy Statement, we want to reassure users of the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a manner different than as set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement.
Information Collection
NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES collects information from the users of the Site at several different points on the Site. For example, we collect and/or request information when a user:
1) Submits an E-mail
2) Contacts us through the contact form
3) Contacts us through the appointment form
In order to fulfill the requests of Site users in the above instances, the user may be requested to provide contact and/or credit card information. If we have trouble processing an order, a request, or completing a delivery, this contact information will be used by NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES to contact the user.
Gathering and Sharing of Information, Links to External and Co-Branded Websites
We monitor traffic patterns on the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use to analyze trends and administer the Site in order to improve its layout and design and to permit Site personalization and streamlining to create the best shopping experience we can for our users. In order to perform analysis permitting such personalization and improvement of site design and user experience, we may employ suitable third parties with whom we share the information necessary to accomplish these objectives. These statistics include no personally identifying information.
Where appropriate, we share aggregated statistical information with our business partners. These statistics include no personally identifying information.
We use a credit card processing company to bill purchasers of goods and services from the Site, and depending upon the goods and services being ordered and where they are being shipped, we may also use outside suppliers and/or delivery companies to assist us in fulfilling and delivering orders. We share with them the information necessary to enable such card processing, fulfillment, and delivery of goods (i.e. ? name, address, and as appropriate, payment information).
Additionally, we partner with trusted third parties to provide Site users with NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES approved unique offers or services which may be of value to our users. In such instances, we will share a user”s name and address with a trusted third party to enable them to notify the user of the unique offer or service. We will never provide credit card information and you will always be provided with the opportunity to unsubscribe from any such list.
We may provide personal identifying and account information in special cases such as enforcement of our Terms of Site Use, or as required by law or legal process to protect and defend the rights and safety of our Site and its users. This includes exchanging information with other companies for purposes of fraud and credit risk reduction.
Our Site also contains links to external Internet sites, which may be operated by an external party and they may have privacy practices that differ from those here at www.northdallaseye.com When you click on links that take you to such external sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies, and we encourage you to become familiar with that party”s privacy policies as these may differ from those utilized on our Site. Please note that this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES on our Site and, while we strongly support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other Websites, uses of the information collected by other Websites, or the content of those other Websites.
Consent
By using our Site, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement and the Site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES as disclosed in this Internet Privacy Statement. We may revise this Internet Privacy Statement or the Site Terms of Use at any time by updating these postings. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions in effect at the time of use and should therefore periodically visit this page and the Site Terms of Use page to determine the then current policies applicable to users of the Site.
Security Information
Strong precautions are taken to protect the information of the users of our Site. When users submit sensitive information via the Site, that Information is protected both online and off-line.
We take credit card information security seriously and use a variety of technical solutions to make donations and purchases safe at our Site. Furthermore, your information is encrypted and is protected utilizing the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption software. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ”surfing”.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user-information off-line. All of the information of our Site”s users, including the sensitive information mentioned above, is maintained in a restricted section in our offices. Only those of our employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our account or customer service representatives) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, our employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
If you have any questions about the security at our Site, you can send an e-mail to info@northdallaseye.com.
Cookies
You may have heard of the term “cookies”. Cookies are routinely used by most, if not all, E- commerce merchants, including NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user”s hard drive through the Web browser program containing information about the user which enables us to track and personalize the Site to enhance your experience. For instance, by setting a cookie on our Site, we can provide you with storage of personal preferences between visits. However, if a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our Site although we will be unable to provide our users with the personalized experience we can offer using the cookie data. If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us at info@northdallaseye.com.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time we may request information from the users of the Site via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and the users of the Site have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as your name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level, etc.). We use such information to notify contest winners, award prizes, and for analyzing the Site traffic to improve the user”s experience on the Site.
Children”s On-line Privacy
NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES recognizes the particular importance of protecting the privacy of children. Consistent with the Children”s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. When a user makes a donation or purchase on www.northdallaseye.com, the user is representing to us that they are an adult. If a child has provided www.northdallaseye.com with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian call (972) 378-5117 and we will delete the information pertaining to the child from our records.
Special Offers, Account Updates and Opting Out
NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES occasionally sends our customers and the users of the Site announcements and updates, which contain important information about the Site and service offerings which we believe to be of value to our customers and users. In order to do this, we may enhance or merge the information we collect on the Site with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to our customers and users.
We may communicate with the users of the Site via e-mail, telephone, mail, or fax in order to provide requested services, content, product information, notification of special offers, or in regard to customer service issues relating to an account. The users of the Site are always given the opportunity to ”opt-out” of having their online information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point at which we ask for the information or when they receive an online requested promotional communication.
For example, our e-mail messages have an “unsubscribe” feature for users of the Site that don”t want to be notified about special offers in the future. Users can simply “Reply” back to the e-mail message and type “unsubscribe” in the subject field. Upon receipt of the reply, we will remove that e-mail address from our e-mail list. If a user has more than one e-mail address, he or she should include the other addresses as well to ensure proper updating of their account information.
Users of the Site can always update the personally identifying information that they have provided to NORTH DALLAS EYE ASSOCIATES simply by e-mailing us at info@northdallaseye.com.
Our Doctors
Cataract Surgery
Ocular Disease
Refractive Surgery
Eyelid Surgery
https://buyzolpideminsomnia.com | https://modafprovig.com
Board Certified Eye Physicians and Surgeons
W. Stephen Ku, M.D.
Steven L. Elieff, M.D.
Russell W. Snook, M.D.
Allen Wang, M.D.
Kourtney Dwyer, M.D.
Eye Conditions
Cataracts
Glaucoma
Floaters and Flashes
Macular Degeneration
Retinal Detachment
Treatments
LASIK
Dry Eye
Cataract Surgery
Eyelid Surgery
Laser (SLT) for Glaucoma
Diabetic Eye Exams
About Us
Doctors
History
Contact Us
Hours
Jobs
Notice of Privacy Practices
Our Certifications
The American Academy of Ophthalmology
The American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgeons
&COPY 2018 All rights reserved
- Privacy Policy
- Terms of Use