http://www.na.org/?ID=privacy
Our site will be under maintenance on Saturday, September 22th, please come back a day later
Narcotics Anonymous
WORLD SERVICES
For The Public
Find a meeting
How to start a meeting
Information about NA
Is NA for me?
Literature
Resources for professionals
What happens at an NA Meeting
Periodicals
Conference Reports
Miscellaneous Reports
NAWS Annual Reports
NAWS News and emails
Reaching Out
The NA Way Magazine
Subscribe to our Periodicals
Events
Zonal and Regional Events
NAWS Events
NAWS Web Meetings
World Convention
World Service Conference
World Service Participation Request Form
For Our Members
Virtual Meetings
ASL Resources
Bulletins
Contribute to NA World Services
How to start a meeting
Group/Reg Updates
Service Committee Updates
Issue Discussions
Local Service Resources
Media
NAWS Webinars
Projects
& Surveys
Public Relations
Service Material Area
Serving at the World Level
World Service Conference
Shopping Cart
Contribute to NA World Services
NA Literature in Digital Formats
Main Entrance to all NAWS Web Stores
Order online from NAWS US Web Store
Order online from NAWS Canada Web Store
Order Online from NAWS Europe Web Store
Product Catalog & Order Forms
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home > For the public > privacy
privacy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who
are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (PII) is being
used online. PII is
information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify,
contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we
collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in relationship with our
website.
Your use of our website, mobile
site, apps, blog, or any similar offering by NAWS, including any dispute
concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy policy.
What personally identifiable information do we
collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to
enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card
information or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order,
subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site. How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a
purchase, sign up for our newsletters, or use certain other site features in
the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products
and services.How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and
known vulnerabilities in an effort to make your visit to our site as safe as
possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks
and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access
rights to such systems and who are required to keep the information
confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is
encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when someone places
an order or enters, submits, or accesses his or her information to maintain the
safety of your personal information.Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to
your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables
the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your web browser and
capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help
us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. We also use cookies to
help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that
we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future and to remember
your preferences for future visits. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie
is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through
your web browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each web browser is a
little different, so look at your web browser's Help menu to learn the correct
way to modify your cookies.Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your PII to outside parties.
However, we reserve the right to disclose PII
to comply with applicable laws and legal processes.Does our site allow third party behavioral
tracking? No, we do not allow third party behavioral tracking. California Do Not Track Notice Disclosures:We do not track the PII of our users and visitors over time and
across third party websites to provide targeted advertising.
Consequently, we do not respond to Do Not
Track (DNT) signals.
Other third party
websites may keep track of your browsing activities when they provide you with
content, which enables them to customize what they present to you on their websites.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection
Act) We do not specifically market to children under 13 and our
website is not directed to children under the age of 13.
We operate our sites in compliance with the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect or use
PII from anyone under the age of 13.Changes to the Privacy Policy:Modifications to our privacy policy will be reflected first
within this area of this website.
If
there is a material change in our privacy policy, we will indicate on this site
that our policy has changed and provide a link to the new/revised privacy statement.We will take the following responsive action, should a data breach
occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days.We also agree to the individual redress principle, which
requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights
against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This
principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against
data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government
agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or
questions.Process orders and send information and updates pertaining to
orders.We may also send you additional information related to your
product and/or service.We may continue to send emails to our customers and subscribers
after the original transaction has occurred.We agree
to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses;Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly; andAllow users to unsubscribe and opt-out by sending an email
to optout@na.org.
Opting-out means removal from that subscription.
If the user wishes to
start a new subscription, he or she will need to resubscribe.Can a user review the information we have on
file?Yes, by writing to admin@na.org and
stating his or her request.Can a user request that his or her personal
data be changed?Yes, by writing to admin@na.org and
stating what data needs to be changed and the reason for the change.Contacting UsIf you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may
contact us by any of the following:
via email at webmaster@na.orgvia phone at 1.818.773.9999by postal mail at: NA World Services | 19737 Nordhoff Pl |
Chatsworth CA 91311 USABY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN
THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
News for the Public
Contains links to items of interest to the general public and professionals about the Fellowship of Narcotics Anonymous PSA about Narcotics Anonymous
Information About NA
Resources for Professionals
Am I an Addict?
Welcome to NA
Please contact the webmaster if you have any comments, are not able to find something that you are looking for, or have any questions about the web site.
SUBSCRIBE
to our Periodicals and Other Publications
Contact Us |
Literature & Other Products |
About Us |
Contribute |
Find a Meeting |
RSS |
Mobile site
Copyright 2020 NA World Services, Inc. All rights reserved.