http://www.csahq.org/privacy-policy
About Us
Mission Statement
Distinguished Service Award
Staff
FASA
History of Anesthesia
Articles
CSA Foundation for Education
Governance
Officers
Divisions & Committees
Nominations & Elections
Bylaws
CSA House of Delegates
Board of Directors
Presidents
CSA BOD and HOD Reports
CSA Redistricting: What you need to know
Events/CME
Event Marketing Support
CSA Resident Research Day
Issues & Advocacy
Top CSA Issues
COVID-19 Resources
Practice Resources: Finances, Jobs and More
Clinical Resources and Guidelines
Wellness Resources
Dashboards, Models & Pandemics History
Leading Healthcare Organizations
Registries and Statistics Tracking
Apps
Physicians for Vital Times
GASPAC
Under the Dome Legislative Update
Top Federal Issues
Legal Defense Fund
Practice Management
CSA Online Community
COVID-19 Headquarters
Practice Resources: Finances, Jobs and More
Wellness Resources
COVID-19 Newsdesk
Career Center
AB 72 Resource Center
Top Issues
For Residents
Case Studies
Op-Eds
Is It Time to Unionize?
Policy Statements
Leadership
For Patients and Families
What is Anesthesiology?
Role of a Physician Anesthesiologist
Preparing for Anesthesia
Safe Opioid Use
News
CSA News
CSA Online First
Publications & Research
National News
Media
Privacy Policy
CSA understands how important privacy is to the members and is committed to protecting your privacy. CSA wants to make sure that you understand how your information is used. You have choices in how CSA uses this information. Be advised that CSA’s Privacy Policy is only applicable to the CSA Web Site, and not to any other Web site you may be able to access from this site.
Information CSA Collects
When you apply for membership, CSA asks for basic information such as your name, contact information, details about your medical degree, specialties, certifications and licensure, and credit card number and expiration date, if that is how you choose to pay. The CSA keeps track of your participation in CSA activities so it can understand the members’ interests and evaluate the effectiveness of CSA offerings.
When you register for a CSA seminar or online CME courses, CSA collects your name and basic contact information, and credit card number and expiration date, if that is how you choose to pay.
When you visit the CSA Web Site, the server automatically recognizes your IP address. CSA also collects:
The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with CSA via e-mail.
Non-identifiable aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit to help shape and direct the creation and maintenance of the Web site content.
Information volunteered by the visitor, such as preferences, survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number and payment information.
How CSA Uses Your Information
The CSA will use e-mail addresses voluntarily provided by site visitors to notify them about upcoming events from the CSA or affiliated entities. Occasionally CSA may also send information about anesthesia-related educational opportunities from universities or other nonprofit associations. Site visitors who do not wish to receive these communications should opt out by sending an e-mail to csa@csahq.org.
CSA does not share your contact information with other organizations, with the exception of the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA), of which the CSA is a component society. Members of the CSA must belong to the ASA, and vice-versa.
CSA does not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
The CSA may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on the CSA, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CSA, or (c) protect the personal safety of CSA personnel or members of the public in urgent circumstances.
How Member Contact Information is Shared Within the CSA
Member contact information is shared with other members using the following criteria:
District Directors receive all contact information on members in their districts.
Members may receive all contact information on their District Directors, and hospital phone numbers and e-mail addresses for CSA Board members and committee chairs.
CSA Board members and committee chairs may receive all contact information for any CSA member. The use of this information is restricted to purposes that further the stated goals and purposes of the CSA.
CSA encourages members to network with one another to share best practices and ideas. However, CSA also takes their privacy very seriously. In order to accomplish both of these purposes, CSA has developed the following policy: When a member asks for contact information on another CSA member who is not a District Director, Board member or committee chair, CSA will contact the member being sought either to gain permission to share his/her contact information or to have them contact the member trying to reach him/her.
Other Web Sites
CSA’s Web Site may contain links to other Web sites. If you choose to visit other Web sites, CSA is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other Web sites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those other Web sites to confirm that you understand and agree with their privacy policies.
Changes to This Policy
From time to time, CSA may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in the privacy notice. If the information practices change at some time in the future, CSA will post the policy changes to the CSA Web Site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
Right to Review and Update
CSA members can review and update their contact information inside the members-only area.
Security
CSA has appropriate security measures in place in its physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that it has collected from you at the Web site. The site includes a VeriSign secure certificate that uses secure socket layer technology (SSL) to encrypt certain data such as credit card payment information. Hard copy credit card information is shredded.
Adherence to Policy
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact CSA at (650) 345-3020.
This policy was updated on October 20, 2008.
Home/ Privacy Policy
CSA Online First
Book Review on
Patients At Risk: The Rise of Nurse Practitioners and Physician Assistants in Healthcare by Niran Al-Agba and Rebekah Bernard
Dec 10, 2020
by
Agarwal, Rita, MD, FAAP, FASA
Read More
« All Posts