http://www.naspghan.org/privacy-policy/
Locate a Pediatric GI
Contact
Member Center
Search for:
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
It is NASPGHAN’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://naspghan.org and its affiliated sites (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, “NASPGHAN”, or “naspghan.org”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, NASPGHAN collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. NASPGHAN’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how NASPGHAN’s visitors use its website. From time to time, NASPGHAN may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
NASPGHAN also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for form submissions and for users leaving comments on https://naspghan.org or its affiliated sites blog posts. NASPGHAN only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to NASPGHAN’s websites choose to interact with NASPGHAN in ways that require NASPGHAN to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that NASPGHAN gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who fill out a contact form at https://naspghan.org or its affiliated sites to provide their name and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by NASPGHAN and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
We use Google AdWords for remarketing naspghan.org uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
NASPGHAN discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on NASPGHAN’s behalf or to provide services available at NASPGHAN’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using NASPGHAN’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. NASPGHAN will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, NASPGHAN discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when NASPGHAN believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of NASPGHAN, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user, or submit your information via one of our contact forms on https://naspghan.org or its affiliated sites and have supplied your email address, NASPGHAN may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with NASPGHAN and our products. We primarily use our website(s) to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. NASPGHAN takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
NASPGHAN may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. NASPGHAN may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, NASPGHAN does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, NASPGHAN uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. NASPGHAN uses cookies to help NASPGHAN identify and track visitors, their usage of https://naspghan.org or its affiliated sites, and their website access preferences. NASPGHAN visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using NASPGHAN’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of NASPGHAN’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to NASPGHAN’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, NASPGHAN may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in NASPGHAN’s sole discretion. NASPGHAN encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Member Center
Visit Now
Recent News
How to Get CE Credit
Intersociety Group on Diversity: Joint Society Election Statement
CME Webinars are Now Available on Demand
Partners:
The Association of Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition Nurses
Help & Hope for Children with Digestive Disorders
Journal of Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition
Copyright © 2019 NASPGHAN  | Privacy Policy |  Website By: Opus Media
The information provided on this site is intended solely for educational purposes and not as medical advice. It is not a substitute for care by a trained medical provider. GIKids is not engaged in the provision or practice of medical, nursing, or health care advice or services. For advice about a disease, please consult a physician.
Established by the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition (NASPGHAN)