https://www.goodshepherdrehab.org/privacy-statement-joint-commission-public-notice-non-discrimination-policy/
Privacy Statement, Joint Commission Public Notice & Non-discrimination Policy | Good Shepherd Rehabilitation
Ways to Give
X
For the latest COVID-19 information, including Good Shepherd's visitor policy, CLICK HERE.
1-888-44-REHAB
Asset 4
Asset 5
Asset 6
CALLOUT BUTTONS
How We Can Help
Request an Appointment
Schedule a Tour
ROW 1
Conditions and Services
Spinal Cord Injury
Stroke
Telehealth
See All
For Patients and Visitors
Admissions
Insurance Information
Support Groups
See All
For Healthcare Professionals
Careers
Good Shepherd Physician Group
Residents and Students
See All
ROW 2
Technology
Assistive Technology
Ekso Bionics Exoskeleton
Trexo Plus
See All
Find A Location
Outpatient
Inpatient
Long Term Acute Care
See All
PEDIATRICS
Outpatient Therapy
Inpatient Therapy
Request an Appointment
See All
ROW 3
LINKS
Find a Doctor
Request an Appointment
Make an Online Payment
LINKS
About Good Shepherd
Contact Us
Volunteer
LINKS
Patient Portal
ShepNet
ROW 4
News
Events
Patient Stories
Press Releases
Careers
Ways to Give
Contact Us
Request An Appointment
Find A Location
Find A Doctor
Join Our Team
Make An Online Payment
Attend an Event
Volunteer
Search
×
Home / Privacy Statement, Joint Commission Public Notice & Non-discrimination Policy
Privacy Statement, Joint Commission Public Notice & Non-discrimination Policy
NOTICE OF PRIVACY RIGHTS
Click here to read Good Shepherd’s notice of privacy rights.Click here to read Good Shepherd’s notice of privacy rights in Spanish.
If you have any questions about this notice, or to obtain a copy of this notice, please contact our privacy specialist, Director of Quality and Regulatory Compliance, 850 S. Fifth Street, Allentown, Pennsylvania 18103-3295; (610)-778-9266.
JOINT COMMISSION PUBLIC NOTICE
The purpose of the survey is to evaluate the organization’s compliance with established Joint Commission standards. The survey results will be used to determine the terms and conditions under which accreditation should be awarded to the organization.
Joint Commission standards deal with organizational quality of care issues and the environment in which care is provided. Anyone believing that he or she has pertinent information about such matters may request a Public Information Interview with the Joint Commission’s field representatives at the time of survey. Information presented at the interview will be carefully evaluated for relevance to the accreditation process. The request should indicate the nature of the information to be provided at the interview.
Please address written requests to:Division of Accreditation OperationsOffice of Quality MonitoringJoint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare OrganizationsOne Renaissance BoulevardOakbrook Terrace, IL 60181
Or Fax your request to 630-792-5636Or E-mail your request to: complaint@Joint Commission.orgOr you may call the Joint Commission directly at 1-800-994-6610.
The Joint Commission will acknowledge such a request in writing, or by telephone, and will notify Good Shepherd of the request for any interview. Good Shepherd will then notify the interviewee of the date, time and place of the meeting.
NON-DISCRIMINATION STATEMENT
Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.  Good Shepherd does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
Good Shepherd:
Provides free aids and services to people with disabilities to communicate effectively with us, such as:Qualified sign language interpretersWritten information in other formats (large print, audio, accessible electronic formats, other formats)Provides free language services to people whose primary language is not English, such as:Qualified interpretersInformation written in other languages
If you need these services, contact Samuel Miranda, Jr., MS, RN, NEA-BC at 610-776-3261.
If you believe that Good Shepherd has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex, you can file a grievance with:
Samuel MirandaSenior Vice President, Patient Care and Chief Nursing Officer850 S. 5th StreetAllentown, PA 18103610-776-3261 (phone)610-776-3503 (fax)smiranda@gsrh.org
You can file a grievance in person or by mail, fax, or email. If you need help filing a grievance, Samuel Miranda is available to help you.
You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf, or by mail or phone at:
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services200 Independence Avenue, SWRoom 509F, HHH BuildingWashington, D.C. 202011-800-368-1019, 800-537-7697 (TDD)
Complaint forms are available at hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html.
Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network cumple con las leyes federales de derechos civiles aplicables y no discrimina por motivos de raza, color, nacionalidad, edad, discapacidad o sexo.
Contact Us
1-888-44-REHAB (73422)
850 South 5th StreetAllentown, PA 18103
Conditions and Services
For Patients and Visitors
Good Shepherd News
For Healthcare Professionals
Careers
About Good Shepherd
Volunteer
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
We Accept Most Major Insurances
Privacy Statement, Joint Commission Public Notice
Terms of Use
Financial Information
Español
© 2020 Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network 501(c)(3).
Chat with us,
powered by LiveChat