http://www.gundluth.org/privacy/
Skip to Content
You are here:
Home > Privacy Policy
In This Section
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
DisclaimerThe information contained within Gundersen Health System online is not to be construed as medical recommendation, or as professional advice. Neither the authors, Gundersen, its affiliates or agents, or any other party involved in the preparation or publication of the works presented is responsible for any errors or omissions in information provided within Gundersen Health System online or any other results obtained from the use of such information. Readers are encouraged to confirm the information contained herein with other reliable sources and to direct any questions concerning personal health care to licensed physicians or other appropriate health care professionals.
While Gundersen has endeavored to make sure the information contained in this site is accurate. Gundersen cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information and it is provided without warranty or guarantee of any kind.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored When you browse through any web site, certain personal information about you can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit:
the name of the domain you use to access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are using an America Online account);
the date and time of your visit;
the pages you visited; and
the address of the web site you came from when you came to visit.
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
Information Collection and Use Gundersen is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Gundersen collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Personally Provided Information You do not have to give us personal information to visit our web site. If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message, form, survey, etc., we will only maintain the information as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. These communications are protected by the Privacy Act that restricts our use of them, yet permits certain disclosures.
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies are used to identify members so they don't have to enter a user ID and password upon each visit. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you are interested in opting-out of advertising cookies, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Log Files We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing We will share aggregated demographic information only within our organization. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Gundersen is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
If you have any questions about the privacy at our website, you can send an email to info@gundersenhealth.org.
We've taken steps at all our locations to keep you and our staff healthy and safe. Here's what to expect when you visit us.
Stay safe
I Want To…
Schedule an Appointment
Pay My Bill
Contact Medical Records
Make a Donation
Attend a Class or Event
Shop Online
Browse the Health Library
Talk to a Nurse
scroll to top of page