http://www.uniteddrugs.com/terms-and-conditions.php
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions of use and legal restrictions apply to the content and any use of this
website (referred to hereafter as "Site"). Please carefully read all the terms and conditions. Use of the Site
signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use. You agree that, by using this Site, these terms and conditions
of use and legal restrictions supersede the terms and conditions of use related to this Site in any prior
agreement, whether written or oral. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions and legal restrictions,
do not use this Site.
User Rights
Access to the Database and Software on this Site is password protected and restricted to Arete Pharmacy
Network (referred to hereafter as "Arete") clients, their designated representatives, and existing covered
persons and their designated representatives. This collective group is referred to hereafter as "User".
Access to or use of the Database and Software by any person or entity other than by User is expressly
prohibited.
Arete hereby grants Users a non-exclusive, royalty free license to use the Site solely for use in managing
their business. Database information is provided to Users for reference only and may have changed since the User
last visited the Site. The license granted herein will automatically terminate when a person or entity ceases to
be a User as defined herein.
Copyrights, Trademarks, and IP Rights
All materials contained in the Arete Site are the property of Arete Pharmacy Network. All trademarks, service
marks, trade names, and trade dress are proprietary to Arete Pharmacy Network, Inc. or its affiliates or licensees.
No material from any Arete Site or any Internet site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Arete may be
copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Information may be
printed only where indicated, provided that the User:
Keeps intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
Makes no modifications to the materials.
Does not use the materials in a manner that suggest an association with any of
Arete’s products, services, or brands.
Does not download quantities of materials to a database, through software that scrapes or harvest data or
otherwise, that can be used to avoid future downloads from any Arete site. The use of any Arete material on any
other website or computer environment is prohibited.
Limits on Accuracy
Arete has no obligation to update any information or content on this Site, and such information or content may be
out of date at any given time. Arete may also make improvements and/or changes in the information or content contained
in this Site at any time without prior notice.
Arete makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of any
information on this Site.
Arete reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions and Legal Restrictions at any
time.
Privacy
Arete takes your privacy seriously. Your use of the Site constitutes the acceptance of Arete’s Privacy Policy, which
is incorporated by reference into the Terms. Please read our privacy policy, which
explains how we handle personal data collected by Arete, if any, via the Site. Note that any third party Web sites
linked to the Site have their own privacy policies, which may or may not differ from Arete’s privacy policy. You are
responsible for reviewing the privacy policies of these Web sites to determine if these privacy policies are acceptable
to you. Arete reserves the right to change its privacy policy without prior notice. You are responsible for periodically
reviewing our privacy policy. Your continued use of the Site will be deemed an acceptance of the privacy policy then in
effect.
Links
This site is linked to or provides links to other Websites, not owned or controlled by Arete Pharmacy Network, Inc.,
that we think might be useful to you. Arete is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those Websites.
Arete does not make any representation to you about those sites or their content. Making these links available is not an
endorsement or recommendation of any of these sites or materials. These links are provided only as a convenience to you.