http://www.mnhospitals.org/home/privacy-policy
Menu
MN Hospitals
Quick Facts
Hospital Jobs
Hospital Financing 101
Quality & Patient Safety
Quality & Patient Safety Improvement Topics
Delirium
Emergency Preparedness
Equity & Health Care Disparities
Falls
Infections
Medication Safety
Mental and Behavioral Health
Oral Health
Patient & Family Engagement
Pediatrics
Perinatal
Pressure Ulcers/Injuries
Readmissions & Safe Transitions
Sepsis
Surgery & Procedures
Workplace Violence Prevention
Adverse Health Events
Annual Reports
Safety Alerts
Hospital Improvement Innovation Network
Awards
Excellence Awards
Good Catch Awards
Policy & Advocacy
Priority Issues
Price Transparency
Nurse Staffing
Mental Health
Opioids
Developing a Future Workforce
Health Care Reform
Community Benefit Activities
Rural Hospitals
Economic Impact
Legislative Resources
Session Bill Tracker
Legislative Commentary
Grassroots Resources
Grassroots Advocacy Center
Minnesota Hospital PAC
Rules, Regulations & Comments
Fact Sheets
Education
Conferences
In-Person Programs
Web Conferences
Newsroom
Fact Sheets
Fact Sheet Archive
Federal Fact Sheets
Press Releases
Press Release Archive
Newsline
Newsline Archive
Health Care News
Feature Stories
Media Contacts
Release of Patient Information
Data & Reporting
Mandatory Reporting
Adverse Health Event Reporting
Community Benefit Survey & Reporting
Community Health Needs Assessment
Health Care Costs Information Systems (HCCIS)
Healthcare Associated Infections (HAI) Reporting
AHRQ Lab/Pharmacy Project
MN Statewide Quality Reporting & Measurement
Hospital Compare
Data Products & Services
DataGen Medicare Analysis Reports
Hospital Profiles & Commentaries
Workforce Planning Tool
Salary Survey Reports
Administrative Claims Database
Performance Matrix
Minnesota Hospital Price Check
Compare Hospital Charges
If You Have Insurance
If You Are Uninsured
Resources
Minnesota Hospital Quality Report
Home
Store
About
Trustees
Calendar of Events
Login
Home
You are here:
HomePrivacy Policy
Home
Login
Web Site Privacy
Policy
This website is owned and operated by the
Minnesota Hospital Association (MHA).
This
policy applies to www.mnhospitals.org.
By using this site, you signify your consent to this privacy policy.
MHA is committed to the responsible management of visitor
information. This privacy policy informs you of:
what personally identifiable information of yours is collected
through the website;
how the information is used;
with whom the information may be shared; and
what security procedures are in place to protect against the loss
or misuse of any information collected.
This
privacy policy may be revised periodically and it is your responsibility to
review it when you visit the site.
Information
Collected for Members-Only Access
MHA collects minimally necessary personal information from its members who
voluntarily register for access to password-protected sections of our website.
This information is pertinent to allow members to log in properly and to access
secured information. To gain access, you must submit the following:
Name
Title
Member
Organization Name
Address
Telephone
number
Email address
MHA maintains this information for you; however,
you are able to review and/or edit this information at any time by accessing
your log-in information online, or contacting MHA’s website department at
(651) 641-1121 or info@mnhospitals.org.
Information
Collected for Non-Member Access
You
do not have to give us personal information to visit our website. However, when you visit www.mnhospitals.org,
the following information may be collected:
The
type of browser and operating system you use to access our site.
The
date and time of your visit.
The
pages you visited.
The
address of the website you came from, if you were referred from another site.
No
additional information is collected about your visit, and we do not record
information about individual behavior or use of the site. If you choose to
provide us with additional information about yourself through an email
message, feedback form, survey, etc., we will disclose that information only to
those within MHA that are best suited to respond to your message or request for
information.
Transactions
A credit card number or billing information may
be requested if you are conducting on-line transactions. Any transactions of a
financial or confidential nature are secured by industry-standard SSL
encryption.
Links
MHA provides links to other organizations as a
service to our readers. We are not responsible for information provided on
other websites. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as
we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these
third parties. Once you click to another site, you are subject to the privacy
policy of that site.
Cookies/IP
Addresses
“Cookies” are used when you visit
www.mnhospitals.org. Cookies are small pieces of text that a website stores on
your hard drive to remind the site about you the next time you visit the site.
This makes it convenient for you so that you do not have to repeatedly provide
necessary information such as log-in information. Cookies and IP addresses are
also used on an aggregate basis to track site navigating information and site
usage which is not trackable to an individual user. MHA does not store
confidential or sensitive information in cookies.
Our
Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data
security, and correctly use the information we collect online. These include
the use of encryption, electronic firewalls, and customized passwords. Thawte
Web certification assures viewers that MHA owns and maintains
www.mnhospitals.org. For
site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all
users, we employ software programs to identify and prevent unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to the
site. Such attempts are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act. We do not partner with or have special relationships
with any ad server companies.
Disclaimer
MHA is a clearinghouse for information and
resources and does not endorse any specific item. Information included on this website is for informational purposes only and is not intended to establish
any standards of medical practice.
In order to copy or distribute information obtained on the MHA website and its
links, users must obtain appropriate permissions from respective organizations.
For more information, contact Minnesota Hospital Association, Tel: (651)
641-1121; email: info@mnhospitals.org.
How
to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy statement for this site
or its implementation, please send an email to: info@mnhospitals.org or write
to the following address:
Minnesota Hospital Association
2550
W. University Ave., Suite 350-S
St.
Paul, MN  55114-1900