http://www.rvib.org.au/privacy-terms-and-conditions/privacy
What you need to know about Vision Australia and COVID-19: visionaustralia.org/COVID-19
×
Skip to main content
1300 84 74 66
Login MyVA
Seeing Eye Dogs
Library
Radio
Shop
Go
Donate now
Search
1300 84 74 66
You are here:
Home
Privacy, Terms and conditions
Privacy
Privacy, Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Vision Australia Limited ABN 67 108 391 831 (Vision Australia) is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information collected from its website. This website Privacy Notice explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through our website under the domain name "visionaustralia.org" (Vision Australia Site).
Throughout this Privacy Notice, we refer to your "personal information" which means information which identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can be reasonably ascertained. Your home address and home telephone number are examples of personal information.
We will post any changes to this Vision Australia Site Privacy Notice on the Vision Australia Site, so we encourage you to check this Vision Australia Site Privacy Notice from time to time.
In addition to reading this website privacy policy, please read our Vision Australia Privacy Policy.
Information collected on this website
The information about you which we may collect through the Vision Australia Site includes any messages or comments you submit to us via the Vision Australia Site. This includes:
any details you provide to us as part of a payment or donation process;
any messages or comments you email us which may include personal information such as your name and email address;
information collected when you participate in an online survey; and
your email address if you subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists.
In common with many websites we may also collect aggregated information which tells us about visitors to the Vision Australia Site but not the identity of those visitors. For example, we may collect information about the date, time and duration of visits and which pages of the Vision Australia Site are most commonly accessed. This information is used by us to help to administer and improve the Vision Australia Site.
You may browse through information-only areas of the Vision Australia Site without providing any personal information to us. However, we may not be able to provide the full range of services through the Vision Australia Site if we are not provided with the information outlined above.
Vision Australia respects the privacy of all current and prospective supporters. If you do not wish to receive communication (via mail, email or phone) from us, please call 1800 42 20 77.
Cookies
Like many websites, the Vision Australia Site may use "cookies" which store some information on computers accessing the Vision Australia Site. Cookies may be used by us for a variety of purposes. For example, we may use cookies to recognise a computer which has previously visited this Vision Australia Site and customise the Vision Australia Site according to previous preferences and site behaviour. Cookies may also be used to manage security and store information about the type of browser being used. With most Internet browsers, users can erase cookies from their computer, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, some parts of this Vision Australia Site may not function fully for users that disallow cookies.
Use and disclosure of information
In addition to providing our products and services to you, we may use or disclose personal information that we collect about you:
to provide you with promotional information - in accordance with privacy laws - about our products and services;
for administrative purposes including research, planning, service development, security and risk management;
where a third party acquires or wishes to acquire, or makes inquiries in relation to acquiring, an interest in Vision Australia; or
to the extent that we are required or authorised by law to do so.
We may also share personal information with our related bodies corporate and with third parties. The types of third parties to whom we may disclose personal information includes:
service providers including organisations that provide archival, auditing, body corporate, consulting, debt collection, banking, marketing, advertising, mailhouse, delivery, recruitment, call centre, technology, research, utility and security services;
government bodies including courts and tribunals;
credit reporting agencies and credit referees, in accordance with privacy laws;
your executor, administrator, trustee, guardian or attorney;
your agents, such as financial or legal advisers; and
other charitable organisations.
From time to time we may allow like minded charities to contact you with fundraising materials. In return, they help us to reach more generous supporters like yourself. If you do not wish to receive communication from another charity, please call 1800 42 20 77.
We may use and disclose aggregated non-personally identifying information collected through this Vision Australia Site as part of our process of constantly improving the Vision Australia Site and Vision Australia's services and products.
How we handle email and "Contact us" messages
Vision Australia may preserve the content of any email, or "Contact us" or other electronic message or form, that we receive. Any personal information contained in those messages will only be used or disclosed in ways set out in this Vision Australia Site Privacy Statement. The message content may be monitored by our service providers or Vision Australia employees for purposes including trouble shooting, compliance, auditing and maintenance, or where email abuse is suspected.
Links
The Vision Australia Site may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organisations which may be of interest to you. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements.
Security
We use a number of mechanisms to protect the security and integrity of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as completely secure. So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Access to information
If you wish to request access to any personal information which we hold about you as a result of our information collection practices outlined in this Vision Australia Site Privacy Notice, please contact us using the "Contact details" set out below. Please provide as much detail as you can about the particular information you seek, in order to help us retrieve it. An access fee may be charged to cover our costs of providing the information to you.
Contact details
If you have any questions or feedback about privacy, or wish to make a complaint about the way in which we have handled your personal information, you may contact us as set out below:
Contact Vision Australia
Email: info@visionaustralia.org
Phone: 1300 84 74 66
Address: 454 Glenferrie Road, Kooyong VIC 3144
Version 2 - June 2018
Latest news articles
Audio Description helps award winning Aussie doco become even more accessible09 Dec 2020
Stand up for your Rights Webinar: Participation and services in the COVID new normal 03 Dec 2020
Access Cooking Course graduates cook up a storm03 Dec 2020
The final LEAP: LEAP 2020 graduands wow their audience with their final presentations02 Dec 2020
View all latest news articles