http://www.stonebridge.uk.com/privacy-notice
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Data Protection & Privacy Statement
1        Introduction
1.1         Who are we?
2        How we use your information
2.1         Cookies
2.2         When you sign up to our newsletter
2.2.1      What personal data do we collect?
2.2.2      Why do we collect this information?
2.2.3      What do we do with your information?
2.2.4      How long do we keep your information for?
2.3         When you submit an enquiry via our
website
2.3.1      What personal data do we collect?
2.3.2      Why do we collect this information?
2.3.3      What do we do with your information?
2.3.4      How long do we keep your information for?
2.4         When you request a call back
2.4.1      What personal data do we collect?
2.4.2      Why do we collect this information?
2.4.3      What do we do with your information?
2.4.4      How long do we keep your information for?
2.5         When you purchase a product from our
website
2.5.1      What personal data do we collect?
2.6         Your rights as a data subject
2.7         Your right to complain
2.8         Updates to this privacy policy
1           Introduction
This privacy policy tells you about the information we collect from you when you use our website. In collecting this
information, we are acting as a data controller and, by law, we are required to provide you with information about
us, about why and how we use your data, and about the rights you have over your data.
1.1     Who are we?
We are STONEBRIDGE ASSOCIATED COLLEGES LIMITED, a company registered in the United Kingdom under number 03913572. Our
address is 42 Ocean View Road, Bude, Cornwall, EX23 8NN. You can contact us by post at the above address, by email
at info@stonebridge.uk.com or by telephone on 0121 392 8288.
The contact details of our Data Protection Officer are:
James Cann, dataprotection@stonebridge.uk.com .
Stonebridge House, 42 Ocean View Road, Bude, England, EX23 8ST.
2       How we use your information
2.1     Cookies
When you use our website to browse our products and services and view the information we make available, a number of
cookies are used by us and by third parties to allow the website to function, to collect useful information about
visitors and to help to make your user experience better. Some of the cookies we use are strictly necessary for our
website to function, and we do not ask for your consent to place these on your computer. These cookies are shown
below.
COOKIE NAME
PURPOSE
FURTHER INFORMATION
PHPSESSID
Necessary
This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique
session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookie
and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed
laravel_session
Necessary
Laravel uses Laravel_session to identify a session instance for a user.
formillaAutoMessageList, formillaIsChatWindowOpen, formillaLastAutoMessageIdDisplayed &
testFormillacookie
Necessary
For site web chat functionality.
Table 1: Cookies (strictly necessary)
However, for those cookies that are useful but not strictly necessary and include 3rd parties, the
following may be placed. These are:
COOKIE NAME
PURPOSE
FURTHER INFORMATION
_ga
Analytics
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session,
campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store
information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
_gat, _gat_UA-17667959-1
Performance
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
_gid
Analytics
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors
use a website. The data collected includes the number visitors, the source where they have come
from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
_uetsid
Analytics
These cookies are used to collect analytical information about how visitors use the website. This
information is used improve sites.
_ym_uid, _ym_d, yandexuid, yuidss, yabs-sid, ymex, _ym_isad, _ym_visorc_46742655
Analytics
These cookies are by Yandex. Metrica. These cookies are used to set a unique ID to the visitor and to
collect information about how visitors use the website to allow site improvements.
MUID
Marketing
Used by Microsoft as a unique identifier. The purpose of this cookie is to synchronize the ID across
many different Microsoft domains to enable user tracking.
_fbp, fr
Marketing
This cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisement when users are on Facebook or a digital
platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website.
CMID, CMPS, CMPRO, CMST, CMRUM3
Marketing
This cookie is set by CasaleMedia and is used for targeted advertisement purposes.
__adroll_fpc, loc, __adroll, __adroll_shared
Marketing
This cookie is set by Addthis for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements.
PUBMDCID
Marketing
This cookie is set by pubmatic.com. The cookie stores an ID that is used to display averts.
PugT
Functional
This cookie is set by pubmatic.com. The purpose of the cookie is to check when the cookies were last
updated on the browser to limit the number of calls to the server-side cookie store.
tuuid_lu
Marketing
This cookie is set by bidswitch.net. The cookies store a unique ID for the purpose of the determining
what adverts users have seen & if they have visited any of the advertisers’ websites.
IDSYNC
Marketing
This cookie is used for advertising purposes.
B
Marketing
This Cookie is used by Yahoo to provide adverts, contents, or analytics.
ads/ga-audiences
Marketing
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors.
IDE
Marketing
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or
clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an advert and to
present targeted ads to the user.
2.2     When you sign up to our newsletter
2.2.1     What personal data do we collect?
When you subscribe to our newsletter, we ask you for your name and your email address.
2.2.2     Why do we collect this information?
We will use your information to send you our newsletter, which contains information about our products and often
includes special offers.
We ask for your consent to do this, and we will only send you our newsletter for as long as you continue to consent.
2.2.3     What do we do with your information?
Your information is stored in our database and is not shared with any third parties. It is not sent outside of the
UK. We will not use the information to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
2.2.4     How long do we keep your information for?
Your information is kept for as long as you continue to consent to receive our newsletter.
2.3     When you submit an enquiry via our website
2.3.1     What personal data do we collect?
When you submit an enquiry via our website via the ‘contact us’ page, we ask you for your name and email
address.
2.3.2     Why do we collect this information?
We use this information to respond to your query, including providing you with any requested information about our
products and services. We may also email you several times after your enquiry in order to follow up on your interest
and ensure that we have answered your it to your satisfaction. We will do this based on our legitimate interest in
providing accurate information prior to a sale.
2.3.3     What do we do with your information?
Your enquiry is stored in our email system and processed by the relevant department, depending on the nature of your
query.  For example, if the enquiry relates to a request for product information it will be passed to the sales
team.  All our teams are based in the United Kingdom.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
2.3.4     How long do we keep your information for?
We keep enquiry emails for three years, after which they are securely archived and kept for seven years, when we
delete them. Where relevant, CRM records are kept for three years after the last contact with you or the last time
you logged into one of our systems.
2.4     When you request a call back
2.4.1     What personal data do we collect?
When you submit a request for a course adviser to contact you, we ask you for your name, telephone number and email
address.
2.4.2     Why do we collect this information?
We use this information to respond to your query, including providing you with any requested information about our
products and services. We may also email you several times after your enquiry in order to follow up on your interest
and ensure that we have answered your it to your satisfaction. We will do this based on our legitimate interest in
providing accurate information prior to a sale.
2.4.3     What do we do with your information?
Your enquiry is stored and processed by our sales team who are based in the UK.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
2.4.4     How long do we keep your information for?
We keep enquiry emails for three years, after which they are securely archived and kept for seven years, when we
delete them. Where relevant, CRM records are kept for three years after the last contact with you or the last time
you logged into one of our systems.
2.5     When you purchase a product from our website
2.5.1     What personal data do we collect?
When you purchase products from us online, we ask you for your name, address, contact telephone number, email
address, credit card information, date of birth, gender, work status & if you have dependents. We also record
your IP (Internet Protocol) address, which is the address of your computer on the Internet.
We require this information to process your payment, deliver your products or services and fulfil our contract with
you. We record your IP address for fraud prevention.   We will also send you a receipt via email and we
may use your telephone number to contact you regarding your purchase.  For certain courses relevant data may be
shared with awarding bodies for the purpose of certification.
Your information is stored on our website and on our servers, which are based within the European Union. Your credit
card details are passed to a third-party payment processor which is based in the EU.  We do not retain your
credit card number.  Where payments are made over a number of instalments, we store a ‘token’
provided by the payment processer.  This enables us to collect payments without storing your personal card
details.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
We keep your order information for a seven years period, after your last contact with us, or the last time you logged
into one of our systems, whichever is the latter.
2.6     When you take part in our feedback
survey
2.6.1     What personal data do we collect?
When you take part in our feedback survey, we record your gender, age bracket, ethnicity, location, household income
bracket & employment status as well as your answers to questions we ask about your opinion of, and use of, our
products and services.
2.6.2     Why do we collect this information?
We use this information to develop and improve our products and services and our customer relationships. Some, or all
of your comments may be publicly displayed on our website as a testimonial.  We will do this based on our
legitimate interest in marketing our products and services.
2.6.3     What do we do with your information?
Your information is stored on our website and on our servers, which are based within the European Union.
We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
2.6.4     How long do we keep your information for?
You may ask us to remove a testimonial that is based on your feedback from our website at any time.
2.7     Your rights as a data subject
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate. If
we have asked for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or to fulfil a contract, you can ask us to give you a
copy of the information in a machine-readable format so that you can transfer it to another provider.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or legitimate interest, you can request that your data
be erased.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so
lawfully.
Finally, in some circumstances you can ask us not to reach decisions affecting you using automated processing or
profiling.
To submit a request regarding your personal data by email, post or telephone, please use the contact information
provided above in the Who Are We section of this policy.
2.8     Your right to complain
If you have a complaint about our use of your information, we would prefer you to contact us directly in the first
instance so that we can address your complaint. However, you can also contact the Information Commissioner’s
Office via their website at ico.org.uk/concerns or write to them at:
Information Commissioner's Office Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF
2.9     Updates to this privacy policy
We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time, and as our services and use of
personal data evolves. If we want to make use of your personal data in a way that we haven’t previously
identified, we will contact you to provide information about this and, if necessary, to ask for your consent.
We will update the version number and date of this document each time it is changed.
Enrol Now!
Associations
Sign up to our newsletter
There's a whole lot happening at Stonebridge and in the world of learning. Sign up for our newsletter and you'll be among the first to know about it! All fields are required.
Name
Email Address
Register
Request a callback
Request a callback