https://www.ihf-fih.org/terms-conditions/
Toggle navigation
IHF
About Events Resources Membership Activities  COVID-19 Beyond the Call of Duty Virtual ForumInformation & Resources Webinars PodcastsBeyond COVID-19 Task Force Contact
Log in
Sign Up
Terms & ConditionsHome > Terms & ConditionsLast modified: May 2018The International Hospital Federation (“IHF”), located at 151 Route de Loëx, 1233 Bernex, Switzerland, owns and operates www.ihf-fih.org (“the website”).Those who may choose to access the website (“users”) agrees to the “Terms of Use” which contains the conditions, rules and other provisions with respect to the access and/or use of the website. For any questions about the “IHF Terms of Use”, please contact us at ihf.secretariat@ihf-fih.org. GENERAL USEYou may use the website only as permitted by law. Interfere or try to access it using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide is forbidden. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms of use.The website serves as an information resource for the internal and external stakeholders of IHF, including the general public.The IHF grants permission to users to visit the website and to download/copy the information, documents and resources (collectively, “resources”) from the website for the user’s personal, non-commercial use, without any right to resell or redistribute them. Using our resources does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the content you access.Unless expressly stated otherwise, the resources available on this website are those of the IHF Secretariat and do not necessarily represent the views of IHF Members. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITESThe website may contain links and references to third-party websites. The website provides these links solely as a convenience, and therefore does not imply the endorsement or approval of the information contained in these websites. LOGO AND NAMEUsers are not granted the right to use IHF’s name and/or any branding/logos used in our resources except with the prior explicit permission. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYThe use of IHF resources from the website should have an acknowledgement citing the corresponding uniform resource locator (URL). ABUSE AND VIOLATIONThe IHF may suspend or stop providing resources to users who does not comply with the terms of use. Any abuse or violations of the Terms of Use should be reported to ihf.secretariat@ihf-fih.org. YOUR IHF ACCOUNTYou may need an IHF Account in order to access some of our resources or use some of our Services. To protect your IHF Account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your IHF Account. Any unauthorized use of your Account should be reported to ihf.secretariat@ihf-fih.org. DISCLAIMERIHF renounces any liability or responsibility for any damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use of, inability to use, and/or reliance on the resources and information contained on the website. IHF does not make any warranties or representations as to the completeness or accuracy of any of the information and resources available on the website or any linked websites. Despite IHF’s best efforts to provide accurate and updated resources, it does not guarantee that the website is error-free at all times.The IHF is not liable for any conduct of any User. PRIVACY POLICYIHF’s Privacy Policy explains how we treat personal data and protect privacy. By using the website users agree that IHF can use such data in accordance with the Privacy Policy. For any questions concerning these policies, please contact ihf.secretariat@ihf-fih.org.