https://www.shn.ca/freedom-of-information-and-protection-of-privacy/
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy
The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA), R.S.O. 1990 is a provincial legislation that:
Provides the public a right of access to hospital information subject to limited exemptions; and
Protects the privacy of individuals with respect to personal information about themselves held by hospitals and to provide individuals with a right of access to that information.
FIPPA applies to all records that came into the custody or control of the hospital on or after January 1, 2007. You may request to access information about your community hospital, and certain records must be made available, in accordance with the Act.
Making a FIPPA request
All requests must be made in writing by completing an Access/Corrections Request Form. Requests for Personal Health Records should be processed through the Health Records Department Form.
If you are making a request for general information, there will be an initial fee of $5. If the total cost of processing your request exceeds $100, you will be provided with a fee estimate before processing begins and you will be required to pay a deposit of 50% of the total processing costs before the hospital begins to process your request.
There are two ways to submit the request form:
Submit by email – You can fill out and save the form electronically. Then submit the form by attaching it in an email and sending it to fippa@SHN.ca.
Submit by postal mail – If you would prefer to print the form and fill it out by hand, please mail it to: Scarborough Health Network, Freedom of Information and Privacy Office, 2867 Ellesmere Road, Scarborough, ON M1E 4B9.
If you require further assistance with filing an Freedom of Information request, please contact us at fippa@SHN.ca.
Appeal procedure
Under the Act, you may appeal any hospital decision regarding access or correction to Ontario’s Information and Privacy Commissioner within 30 days from the date of receipt of the letter denying your request. Make your appeal by writing to:
Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario
2 Bloor Street East
Suite 1400
Toronto, ON, M4W 1A8
Provide the Commissioner’s office with:
Your name, address and telephone number.
The Access Request Number (case file #) assigned to your request by SHN.
A copy of the original request for information that was sent to SHN.
The reasons for your appeal.
The appeal must be accompanied by the appropriate fee. Fees vary according to the nature of the request being appealed as follows:
$25, if the person appealing has made a request for access to a general record under subsection 24 (1) of the Act.
$10, if the person appealing has made a request for access to personal information under subsection 48 (1) of the Act.
If you have any questions about the access or appeal process, please do not hesitate to contact SHN’s FOI and Privacy Office.