https://www.endosymposium.com/privacy-policy
Endo symposium Privacy policy
Amazing Feature
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, metus at rhoncus dapibus, habitasse vitae cubilia odio sed.
0
Register by November 1, 2020 and save!
HOME
GENERAL INFORMATION
Welcome
Dr. Ingle's legacy
CE credits
Tax deduction
Disclaimers/Disclosures
Refunds
PROGRAM
The speakers
Program itinerary
Lecture synopses
REGISTRATION
INGLE CLUB
SPONSORS
CONTACT US
HOME
GENERAL INFORMATION
Welcome
Dr. Ingle's legacy
CE credits
Tax deduction
Disclaimers/Disclosures
Refunds
PROGRAM
The speakers
Program itinerary
Lecture synopses
REGISTRATION
INGLE CLUB
SPONSORS
CONTACT US
Privacy policy
Last modified: September 1, 2020
Introduction
Pranadent LLC ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.endosymposium.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect on our Website or in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and our Website. It does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party; or by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website or in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and our website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not use our Website. By accessing or using our Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to Our Privacy Policy”). Your continued use of our Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on our Website or on or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at help@endosymposium.com
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information (a) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card number ("personal information"); (b) that is about you but individually does not identify you (c) about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information (a) directly from you when you provide it to us; and/or (b) automatically as you navigate through the Website (information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through Facebook Pixel to track activity.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include (a) information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website (including information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, purchasing course materials, posting material, or when you report a problem with our Website); (b) records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) if you contact us; and/or (c) details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages and posting areas, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use Facebook Pixel, an automatic data collection technology, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, computer and internet connection, IP address, operating system, and browser type. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information (a) to present our Website and its contents to you; (b) to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us; (c) to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; (d) to provide you with notices about your account; (e) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; (f) to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it; (g) to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website; (h) in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and (i) for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please notify us at help@endosymposium.com. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy (a) to our owners, employees, subsidiaries, and affiliates, in connection with their services to the Company; (b) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; (c) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; (d) with your consent; (e) to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (f) to enforce or apply our Terms of Use (located at https://www.surgicalmaster.com/pages/privacy-policy and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and (g) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to help@endosymposium.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by sending us an email at help@endosymposium.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may be unable to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our Terms of Use.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to help@surgicalmaster.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure, but the safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
All information taught under Pranandent LLC, on any written, digital or video form is meant to educate doctors with a valid dental license. Pranadnet LLC does NOT assume responsibility for any procedure outcome. The doctor performing the procedure(s) even under the guidance and instruction of the above mention is solely responsible and need to exercise sound clinical judgement and refer to another doctor or specialist if needed to. The instructions/educational materials/videos should not be interpreted as the only way to learn. We encourage you to seek more sources of knowledge, get trained and certified and use caution when performing surgery. The teaching has no guarantee of success or practice growth or income as it is up to the individual doctor as well as patient healing potential and unforeseen circumstance.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at help@endosymposium.com
© 2020 Pranadent LLC.
The John I. Ingle International Endodontic Symposium
Live Online Symposium
November 13-14, 2020
REGISTER TODAY
© 2020 John I. Ingle International Endodontic Symposium
Powered by Kajabi