https://www.thedermgroup.com/privacy-policy
https://www.thedermgroup.com
(973) 571-2121
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Last updated April 15, 2019
INTRODUCTION
The Derm Group and its affiliates (“we”, “us” and “ours”) are committed to protecting your information (in this Privacy Statement, “information” refers to the personally identifiable information, considered personal data, that you provide or we collect on, about, or from you through our websites). The following statement discloses how we collect, use and share the information we gather on our websites (the “https://www.thedermgroup.com/”).
You can visit our Sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Sometimes we may seek information from you, about yourself or someone you know, such as name, email address and/or home address. We will let you know before we collect such personal information from you and get your consent to process such information where required.
By using our Sites, you consent to our collection, use, disclosure, transfer and processing of personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Reference is also made to our Notice of Privacy Practices which also relates to your personal information and our privacy practices in the context of the Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (“HIPAA”)(the “HIPAA Notice”). If there is any inconsistency or conflict between this Privacy Statement and the HIPAA Notice with respect to your personal data governed by HIPAA, the terms of the HIPAA Notice shall control.
Information we collect from you
What do we do with the information we collect?
Who do we share your information with?
Cookies and Advertisements
Links to other sites
Marketing and Do Not Contact
Social Media
Security
Your Rights
Updates
Contact Us
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We collect personal information of website visitors when you visit our Sites or via on-line forms, for example, when you sign up to receive news alerts from us or complete a form to request more information or a consultation. We will notify you of such purposes at the time that we request to collect personal data from you.
We will also collect information about your use of our Sites as described in the section “Cookies and Advertisements” below.
On occasion you may choose to provide us with personal data about other people so that, for example, we can contact them with information about us. You must only share their personal data with us if you have obtained their consent and permission to do so.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
The personal information we gather from your use of our Sites or provided by you may be used:
• To provide you with information about our products, services, news and events.
• To invite you to take part in our surveys or receive our newsletter.
• To gather demographic information about user trends, such as age, gender, and general income levels.
• To provide our practice with information on prospective patients.
• To analyze use of our services and products, develop new services and products, and customize our services.
• To allow you to use, purchase, book and/or download products and services.
We do use a robust combination of data sources to get a full picture of our marketing efforts. This data is only for our efforts and we do not share your information with other businesses for them to use for purposes other than their work with us.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
We partner with other businesses to assist us in our marketing, communications, and sales efforts, and may share information about you for these purposes where you have given us consent to do so or where permitted by law. These partners are not allowed to use your information for any purpose other than doing business with The Derm Group.
In addition, any information we collect, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets.
We may also disclose personal information about you if we believe that doing so is legally required or is necessary to protect our property or other legal rights (including but not limited to enforcement of our agreements or the rights of property of others).
COOKIES AND ADVERTISEMENTS
Most websites you visit use cookies in order to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either just for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Cookies do lots of different things, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site.
Some websites will also use cookies to enable them to target their advertising or marketing messages.
Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (‘first party cookies’) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (‘third party cookies’).
Although acceptance of cookies is not required to visit our websites, we do use cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on computer hard drives and are regularly used to analyze individual website activity. A cookie file may contain information that the website uses to respond to you as an individual and to tailor a website experience to your preferences. If you have provided your contact information as part of your website visit, we may utilize the cookie file to collect information about your specific website activity. This information will only be used for marketing purposes by The Derm Group and will not be sold or shared with any third party not contracted with The Derm Group.
Use of cookies enables our sites to determine the usefulness of information provided to our users and to analyze the effectiveness of our navigational structure in providing you that information. In the end, cookies help us provide you with a better website experience.
If you prefer not to receive cookies on this website, you can set your browser (such as internet explorer, chrome, Mozilla Firefox, etc.) to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you have set your browser to not allow cookies, you will still be able to access the website; however, this may affect your full usability of this website.
ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
Our websites may occasionally have advertising. A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user. We use cookies to determine what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the areas you look at on our sites and your IP address geo-location.
ADVERTISEMENTS
The Derm Group, may partner with a third-party ad network to either display advertising on our websites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
We partner with a third party to provide and manage our opt-out mechanism. Please note this does not stop advertising from being served to you online. You will continue to receive generic ads, just not targeted ads.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Sites may contain links to other websites merely as a convenience. The Derm Group is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites, and inclusion of links does not mean we endorse the information or company. This means that if you connect to another site through our Sites, we are not responsible for and we cannot control what they do with your information.
Also, you may have the opportunity to share your information with other websites, such as social media sites. We may provide a convenient link to let you do this easily, but we are not responsible for and we cannot control their website or your posts/sharing. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of these other websites and social media sites.
MARKETING AND DO NOT CONTACT
We may send you information about us from time to time if you have given us your consent (where required).
The Derm Group provides you the opportunity to request to stop receiving electronic communications from us by withdrawing your consent. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please tell us when we collect your information or write us at any time contact@thedermgroup.com. You may also use the convenient unsubscribe feature included with emails. Please allow us enough time to process your request.
Keep in mind, this withdrawal of consent does not apply to necessary communications, such as responding to an inquiry, and is revoked if you later request information from us, for example, if you sign up to receive news alerts from us.
SOCIAL MEDIA
If you are a user of Facebook, Twitter or other social media platforms with public account settings we will be able to pull your reviews of our practice from these public media platforms and post them on our Sites. This is so that we can share your opinions about our practice with the visitors of our Sites. Before being posted in our Sites, your comments will be reviewed by us.
By posting or otherwise making available any Content on a public social media platform about your experience, you represent and warrant that you are thirteen (13) years of age or older and that you agree to the terms and conditions listed on our page on those websites.
If a parent, guardian, or anyone else becomes aware of user generated content shared from an individual under the age of thirteen (13), please email us at contact@thedermgroup.com.
SECURITY
Our Sites have security measures in place to try to protect against the destruction, loss, misuse and alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access of the information under our control. Our Sites transmit information (including any personal data) securely via HTTPS.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you have rights concerning access, disclosure, amendment, or deletion (as determined by applicable law), you may contact us at the address or email listed below.
It is not our practice to sell or lease any personal information to other companies for their direct marketing.
UPDATES
We may update this statement from time to time. When we do, we will list the last updated date at the beginning of the statement. Notice of such update and/or modification will be provided on our Sites or to you directly if required by law. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to stay informed about how we collect, use and share personal information.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our Sites, your information, or your rights regarding your information, or your dealings with our Sites, please contact:
The Derm Group
347 Mt. Pleasant Avenue, Suite 103
West Orange, NJ 07052
contact@thedermgroup.com
Clinical Trial Request
Fields marked * are required
I accept the Terms of Use*
By checking the box on the contact form, you agree to the Terms of Use listed here: Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold The Derm Group, its doctors and affiliates, harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties.
Send
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Share
Tweet
Pin
Back to Top
WE ARE OPEN. CLICK HERE FOR OUR NEW SAFEDERM PROCEDURES.
Call Us Now
Home
Our Locations
Egg Harbor Township, NJ
Freehold Township, NJ
Hewitt, NJ
Livingston (201), NJ
Marlton, NJ
Morristown, NJ
Orange, CT
North Wales, PA
Nutley, NJ
Paramus, NJ
Princeton, NJ
Riverdale, NJ
Verona, NJ
Warren, NJ
West Orange, NJ
Our Team
Medical Team
Physician Assistants & Nurse Practitioners
Medical Aesthetic Staff
Medical Dermatology
General Dermatology
Pediatric Dermatology
Acne Treatment
Eczema and Psoriasis Treatments
Contact Dermatitis Treatment
Dermatopathology
Skin Cancer Screening and Treatment
Melanoma & Mole Mapping
Mohs Surgery
Dermatologic Surgery
Cosmetic Dermatology
Cosmetic Dermatology
BOTOX®, Dysport®, XEOMIN® & Jeuveau®
BOTOX® for Hyperhidrosis
CoolSculpting®
VelaShape®
Ultherapy®
Dermal Fillers
Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) Photofacials
Laser Hair Removal
Laser Resurfacing
Laser Sunspot Removal & Tattoo Removal
Vein Treatments
Medical-Grade Skincare Products
Aesthetic Services
Chemical Peels
Microdermabrasion
Microneedling
Microblading
Clinical Facials
Plastic Surgery
Breast Augmentation
Mommy Makeover
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Gynecomastia
Facelift
Rhinoplasty
Eyelid Surgery
Clinical Trials
Atopic Dermatitis (Oral Therapy)
Atopic Dermatitis (Topical Spray)
Atopic Dermatitis OXFORAD™ Study
Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS)
Molluscum Contagiosum
Photo Gallery
About Us
About Us/Mission
Our Guiding Principles
In the Media
Careers
Contact
Patient Resources
Telehealth Virtual Appointments
COVID Safety Procedures
Office Policies
Accepted Insurance
Medical Release Forms
FAQ
Dermatology Dictionary
Patient Portal
Skincare Products
Blog
Specials
Partner With Us