http://www.ocdaction.org.uk/privacy
Close
Search for:
Begin typing your search above and press return to search.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 24/05/2018
Thank you for visiting the OCD Action website. This online privacy policy is designed to tell you about how we will collect and use information from our site and elsewhere so that you can make an informed choice about your interactions with the Charity or use of the website. The primary purpose of OCD Action is to provide support and information to people affected by OCD.
Please be advised that your use of this site constitutes your acceptance of the provisions of any areas of the Privacy Policy related to the website. If you do not agree to these provisions, you should immediately terminate your access to and not use the Site.
OCD Action reserves the right to change the provisions of this privacy policy at any time but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. Your use of the site following the posting of such changes or revised policy shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes of areas related to the website. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit our web site or otherwise supply us with information to make sure that you understand how your information will be used.
OCD Action, is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom and controls this site from its offices, according to UK laws.
What information do we gather?
Information on OCD Action is gathered in two ways:
(1) Passively: For example, through our website’s technology.
(2) Actively: For example, if you send us an e-mail request.
When you visit our site, our software automatically collects some information from your computer. The information includes the unique Internet address assigned to your computer, your Internet service provider, your browser type and version, and your operating system.
We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. For example, if you ask for more information on the services that OCD Action provides, we may store and use the information you provide for marketing purposes. If you submit a technical question to us, we may store your question and we may contact you if we need clarification on the question.
Similarly, if you contact us through our site to inquire about employment opportunities with OCD Action, we may collect and store the information you provide for recruiting purposes. On the Recruiting site, you will be asked for information necessary for the recruiting process such as your name, contact information and technical experience. Because different jurisdictions have different privacy laws and OCD Action is committed to complying with such laws, when applying for positions in some locations before you can submit your CV you will need to indicate your consent to the following uses of your CV by OCD Action: (1) OCD Action, its affiliates, and agents will store, access, and use the information in any jurisdiction, including jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction; and (2) OCD Action, its affiliates and agents, may use this information to evaluate your eligibility for employment and to contact you for recruiting purposes. Please note that people under 18 years old are not authorized to submit recruiting information.
Sometimes your information may be shared to us by independent third parties when you have indicated to them that you would like OCD Action to contact you (for instance, JustGiving and Virgin Money Giving). Whenever you provide information to a third party, make sure to read their Privacy Notice to understand how they process your data.
How do we use the information we collect?
We may collect the information you voluntarily submit to us and use it for the purposes for which it was submitted. For example:
Membership: If you are a Member, OCD Action will contact you by email and post with information related to your Membership benefits (such as the members’ newsletter, and invitations to the AGM, Conference and other events). We will not send you any direct marketing or information unrelated to your Membership (unless you have chosen to opt in).
Services: If you contact or register with one of our services, we may contact you in relation to that specific service. We will not contact you with any direct marketing or news unrelated to the service.
For instance, if you have contacted us for advocacy support we will only use the information provided to facilitate our work with you and in an anonymised form in reports to our funders. We may contact you for feedback on the service and seek your permission to use your feedback to publicise the service.
We may also use the information that you voluntarily submit to us in the following ways:
To request feedback and to enable us to develop and improve the features and content of the site and the services available from OCD Action
To contact you regarding changes to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or other policies; your use of the site; and our use of the information you submit
Direct Marketing: OCD Action relies on positive “opt-in” consent for any email direct marketing. We will only email you with news, updates, fundraising appeals, or any other form of marketing, if you have actively chosen to opt in. You can unsubscribe any time by emailing newsletter@ocdaction.org.uk, or by following the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of any marketing email you receive. Please note that you do not need to opt in to marketing emails to continue hearing from us about a subject for which you’ve specifically provided us information (e.g. if you’re a Member you will still hear from us about your membership even if you don’t opt in to marketing emails).
If we wish to use the information for other purposes, we will notify you prior to such use. If you object to any such use, you can e-mail us at webmaster@ocdaction.org.uk and let us know of your objection, and we will not use your information for such purpose. If you wish to have any personal information you have sent to us removed from our database, please e-mail us at webmaster@ocdaction.org.uk.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A cookie is a small file of information which our server may send to your computer when you visit our site. Cookies allow our server to track how you navigate through our site, such as what pages you viewed. The cookies we may use identify you merely as a number and they are destroyed when you leave our site. (If you are uncomfortable regarding cookies use, please keep in mind you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. However, disabling cookies may impair your ability to participate in certain activities on our site)
How do we use the information we collect passively and with cookies?
We may analyze the information we collect passively and with cookies to determine what is most effective about our site, to help us identify ways to improve it and, eventually, to determine how we can make it more effective.
OCD Action will not sell, lease, or rent information we collect passively or with cookies. Nor will we sell, lease, or rent information you provide to us directly. OCD Action may disclose information it has collected if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to:
(1) comply with legal process
(2) respond to any claims
Or (3) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OCD Action, our customers, or the public. In addition, if OCD Action or substantially all of its assets are acquired, information you have provided to us will be one of the assets that is transferred.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will never sell your information to third parties.
We will not disclose to unaffiliated companies any information we gather from you which could be used to personally identify or contact you (”Personal Information”), except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed to you at the time you provide such information.
OCD Action may disclose such Personal Information to independent contractors, service providers and consultants who are engaged by or working with OCD Action. For example:
If you have opted in to email contact from the Charity, we may store your information on the platform MailChimp. MailChimp will only process your data in accordance with their own Privacy Policy and Terms.
If you use the Advocacy service we store your personal information on the platform QuickBase who will only process your data will only process your data in accordance with their own Privacy Policy and Terms.
Data on usage of the website is shared with our website hosts and developers.
We request that any third parties who obtain access to such information comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Aggregate Information
We may provide information we collect that does not allow you to be personally identified or contacted (”Aggregate Information”) to third parties, including without limitation information about your access and use of the site. For example, we might provide such Aggregate Information to a third party to inform the party of the number of users of the site and the activities they conduct while on the site.
Security & How we Protect Data
We employ a variety of physical and technical measures to keep your data safe and to prevent unauthorised access to, or use or disclosure of your personal information.
Electronic data and databases are stored on secure computer systems and we control who has access to information.
OCD Action’s operations are based solely in the UK and all data is stored on platforms which are subject to adequate data protections.
Under current data regulations, we are required to make sure that we use and store information for so long as it was collected for. How long information will be stored depends on the information in question and what it is being used for. We will regularly review what information we hold and delete what is no longer required.
Questions?
If you have any questions now or during your visit, please contact webmaster@ocdaction.org.uk.
Print Page
Download PDF
Search the site
Search for:
Popular Resources'Pure O'
Assessment
BDD
CBT
COVID_19
CSP
Depression
ERP
Hoarding
Medication
New Diagnosed
OCD
Related Disorders
Treatment
Trichotillomania
TTM
You May Also Like
Terms of Use
Our Team
© 2020 © Copyright OCD Action. All Rights Reserved.
Site by Treeline Digital
We use cookies to improve the experience of our website. By continuing to use our website, you consent to the use of cookies.
To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy Policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.