http://www.rli.com/about/privacy.aspx
Home
Products
Laser Barriers and Curtains
Laser Barriers and Curtains
LP-200 Laz-R-Barriers™
Barrier and Curtain Configurations
Laser Barrier FAQ's
Hardware Brochure (PDF)
Barrier Calculation Form (PDF)
Laser Eyewear
Laser Eyewear
IPL Eyewear and Patient Protection
Eyewear Accessories
Laser-Gard® Sunglasses for Pilots
FAQ's
Available Frame Styles
Patient Protection
Smoke and Plume Evacuation
Laser Warning Signs
Illuminated Signs
Blank Signs
Class 2 Signs
Class 3B Signs
Class 3R Signs
Class 4 Signs
Specialty Signs
Sign Accessories
Laser Warning Labels
ANSI/CDRH Warning Labels
IEC Warning Labels
Hazard Analysis Software
LAZAN Lite
LAZAN Standard
LAZAN Premium
SKYZAN
LAZAN Product Comparison
Laser Measurement Equipment
Laser Accessories
Safety Standards and Other Publications
Laser Safety Standards
Guides and Books
Entryway Control Systems
Laser Sentry Entryway Control
Technical Details (PDF)
Laser Protective Windows
Product Closeouts
Training
Regional Courses
Industrial
Medical
Aesthetic
Online Courses
Industrial
Medical
Aesthetic
On-Site Courses
Registration Details
Course Registration Form (PDF)
Which course should I take?
Brochures (PDF)
Industrial
Medical/Aesthetics
Consulting
Laser Safety Audits
Industrial Laser Safety Audits
Medical Laser Safety Audits
CDRH Consulting Services
Laser Facility Design
Laser Enclosure Design and Manufacturing
International Consulting Services
On-Site Training Programs
Accredited Testing Laboratory
Brochures (PDF)
Industrial
Medical/Aesthetics
Resources
Laser Accident Database
State Government Contacts
Laser Safety Articles
Industrial
Medical
Aesthetic
Rockwell Laser Industries Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site to purchase online, subscribe to our newsletter, or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, and/or additional information as required to fullfill an online order.
Like most websites, we use cookies to remember your shopping cart and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience such as remebering your shopping cart
To improve our website based on "audience measurement" data
To improve customer service so we can effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. We use cookies to save your preferences, such as shopping cart contents, for future visits. We also use Google Analytics to track visits to the website for "audience measurement" purposes.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Yes. We use a third-party email service for our newsletters and a third-party hosting service for our online courses. We may also
release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours, or others, rights, property,
or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to third party websites on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent
privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will
not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their
online shopping account, if they have created one.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of
age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
http://www.rli.com/about/legal.aspx
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 5/24/2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, or you wish to inquire about or alter the information we collect from you, you may contact us using the information below:
Website: http://www.rli.com
email: William Ertle, President
Phone: (513) 272-9900
Fax: (513) 272-9901
Address:
Rockwell Laser Industries
7754 Camargo Road
Cincinnati, OH 45243
About RLI | Meet the Staff | Course Lecturers and Consultants
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Statement | Purchasing Policy
Copyright 1996-2020, by Rockwell Laser Industries, Inc.  All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies to deliver services such as remembering your shopping cart contents and tracking page visits for "audience measurement" purposes.By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy, including our Use of Cookies section, our Terms and Conditions, and our Purchasing Policies. Your use of this website and its services is subject to these policies and terms.