http://www.wregional.com/main/hipaa-privacy-notice.aspx
Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs: Click here
Online Screening: Click here
Screening Hotline: 479.463.2055
COVID-19 Urgent Need: How the Community Can Help: Click here
Home
Medical Center
Career Opportunities
DAISY Award
Discharge Education
Email a Patient
Emergency Department
Financial Assistance
Helpful Phone Numbers
ICU/CCU
Living Will/Advance Directive Form
Make a Payment Online
Maps & Directions
Medical Center Billing
Medical Records Release Form
Medicare Resources
Nearby Hotel Accommodations
Patient Guide
Patient Medication Form
Pricing Transparency
Volunteer Opportunities
For Patients/Visitors
For Family & Visitors
For Patients
Interpreters Available at No Charge
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Online Bill Pay
Washington Regional COVID-19 Safety Measures
Comprehensive Care
For Health Professionals
Employment Opportunities
Health Partners
Physician Opportunities
Nursing Opportunities
Medical Staff Services
Services
55PLUS Program
American Heart Association Classes
Cancer Support Home
Cardiac Rehabilitation
Center for Exercise
Clinical Research
Diabetes Education
Dialysis
Emergency Department
Faith In Action
Heart Health
Home Health
Hospice
Hospital Medicine
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy
Imaging
IV Infusion
Laboratory Services
Nutrition Counseling
Outpatient Therapy Services
PACE of the Ozarks
Palliative & Supportive Care
Pastoral Care
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
Senior Health
Sleep Disorders
Trauma Center
Women's Health
Clinics/Facilities
Primary Care Clinics
Eureka Springs
Farmington
Fayetteville
Harrison
Lincoln
Springdale
Urgent Care
Bentonville
Fayetteville
Harrison
Rogers
Springdale
Integrative Medicine
Integrative Gynecology Clinic
Internal Medicine Associates
Specialty Clinics
Balance Disorders Clinic
Brain and Spine Surgery Clinic
Cardiovascular Clinic
Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery
Conservative Spine Clinic
Endocrinology Clinic
General Surgery Clinic
Gynecologic Oncology
Harrison Cardiology Clinic
HerHealth Clinic
Imaging Clinic
Interventional Neuroradiology Clinic
Interventional Pain Management Clinic
Memory Disorders Clinic
Movement Disorders Clinic
Neurology Clinic
Ozark Urology
Renal Specialists of NWA
Rheumatology Clinic
Sleep Medicine Clinic
Total Spine Physical Therapy
Wound Care Clinic
Institutes
J.B. Hunt Transport Services
Neuroscience Institute
Walker Heart Institute
Facilities
Cancer Support Home
Center for Exercise
Center for Sleep Disorders
Dialysis Centers of NWA
William L. Bradley
Medical Plaza
North Hills Surgery Center
Pat Walker Center for Seniors
Springdale Center for Health
Willard Walker Hospice Home
Women and Infants Center
About
Report to the Community
Board of Directors
Community Health Needs Assessment
Comprehensive Care
Contact Us
Corporate Compliance
History
Leadership Team
Message from the CEO
Mission, Vision, and Values
Press Releases
Quality and Recognition
Washington Regional Medical Foundation
Home / HIPAA Privacy Notice
HIPAA Privacy Notice
Washington Regional is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your health information.  The System creates a record of the care and services you receive at our facilities.  We need this record to provide you with quality care and to comply with certain legal requirements.  This notice will inform you as to the ways we may use and disclose information about you and your health (“health information”).  This notice also describes your rights and certain obligations we have regarding the use and disclosure of your health information.
This notice applies to all of the records of your care generated or maintained by the System, whether made by Washington Regional personnel or your doctor.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) requires that Washington Regional maintain the privacy of your health information and provide you this notice as to our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to health information.  When Washington Regional uses or discloses health information, it is required to abide by the terms of this notice.  Washington Regional reserves the right to change our privacy practices and this notice.  We reserve the right to make the revised or changed notice effective for health information we already have about you as well as any information we receive in the future.  Our current notice may be accessed on the Washington Regional web page at https://www.wregional.com.  Revised notices will also be posted in facility patient waiting areas.  You may also receive current copies of our notice by sending a written request to the System privacy officer.
Washington Regional is required by law to let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy of security of your health information.
If you have any questions about this notice, contact the Washington Regional Privacy Officer at 479.463.7641, compliance@wregional.com or by writing to Washington Regional Privacy Officer, 3215 N. Northhills Blvd., Fayetteville, AR 72703.
Click here to view and/or download the Notice of Privacy Practices: "Your Information. Your Rights. Our Responsibilities."
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Loading...