https://www.wfot.org/terms-of-use
Left arrow
Simple caret arrow pointing leftwards
Cross
Two lines crossed diagonally
Correct
A label showing a tick
Exclamation
Exclamation mark
Plus
An addition sign
Minus
An subtraction symobol
Arrow
An arrow pointing right
Arrow
An arrow pointing left
Up arrow
Simple caret arrow pointing upwards
Down arrow
Simple caret arrow pointing downwards
Enter
An east oriented arrow entering a square
Search
A magnifying glass
Home
A small simple house
User
A head and shoulders of a user
Menu
Three lines to represent a menu list
Twitter
The official Twitter icon
Facebook
The official Facebook icon
LinkedIn
The official LinkedIn icon
Skip to main content
WFOT’s Privacy Policy can be accessed here.Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the World Federation of Occupational Therapists relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ' World Federation of Occupational Therapists ', ‘WFOT’, 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website who is a not-for-profit Non-Government Organisation registered in Switzerland. Our correspondence address is: WFOT, PO Box 53187, London, E18 9DF, United Kingdom
The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
• The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
• This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: for more information, refer to our Privacy Policy.
• Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
• Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
• This website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
• WFOT posts job advertisements for the convenience of its readers. WFOT does not endorse or recommend employers. WFOT explicitly makes no representations or guarantees about job advertisements or the accuracy of the information provided by the employer. WFOT is not responsible for safety, wages, working conditions, or any other aspect of employment without limitation. It is the responsibility of individuals to perform due diligence in researching employers when applying for or accepting employment and to thoroughly research the facts and reputation of each organisation to which they are applying. • This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
• All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
• Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Email disclaimer
The content of any emails sent from addresses ending in @wfot.org and attachments may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the intended recipient. If you are not the intended recipient of the email and its attachments, you must take no action based upon them, nor must you copy or show them to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe you have received an email in error. Any views or opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of WFOT.
Related
Privacy & cookies
Copyright and Reproduction Policy