https://www.cmhc.org/about-us/social-media-policy/
We’re Here for You! Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Select LocationCentral Maine HealthcareBridgton HospitalCentral Maine Medical CenterRumford HospitalTopsham Care CenterPay My Bill
Patient Portal
Careers
Health Professionals
Medical Education
Social Media PolicyHome
About Us
Social Media PolicyThese guidelines are for anyone who may wish to interact with Central Maine Healthcare through social media.
We encourage and welcome your posts and comments in social media channels maintained by Central Maine Healthcare.
Please keep the following in mind when interacting with our social media platforms:
We cannot respond to every comment.
We cannot offer medical advice, diagnosis or treatment via the Internet. If you have a question about your specific medical condition, you should contact your doctor or other qualified healthcare professional. If you are having a medical emergency, call 911.
We reserve the right to delete comments that are abusive or off topic or that contain foul language, spam or advertisements for commercial products.
For your privacy, you should consider carefully before posting personal medical information to the Internet. Please remember that your posts and comments are available for all to see.
As a guest posting content to any Social Media Site on the internet, you agree that you will not: violate any local, state, federal and international laws and regulations, including but not limited to copyright and intellectual property rights laws regarding any content that you send or receive via this Policy; transmit any material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that is unlawful, disruptive, threatening, profane, abusive, harassing, embarrassing, tortuous, defamatory, obscene, libelous, or is an invasion of another’s privacy, is hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable as solely determined in CMH’s discretion; impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; transmit any material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; transmit any material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; transmit (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising (including advertising of non CMH services or products), promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes” or any other form of solicitation; transmit any material (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) that contains software viruses, worms, disabling code, or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; harass another; or collect or store, or attempt to collect or store, personal data about third parties without their knowledge or consent; or to share confidential pricing information of any party.
CMH reserves the right to monitor, prohibit, restrict, block, suspend, terminate, delete, or discontinue your access to any Social Media Site, at any time, without notice and for any reason and in its sole discretion. You understand and agree that CMH may disclose your communications and activities with CMH in response to lawful requests by governmental authorities, including Patriot Act requests, judicial orders, warrants or subpoenas, or for the protection of CMH rights. You agree that in the event that CMH exercises any of its rights hereunder for any reason, CMH will have no liability to you.
By posting any content on any Social Media Site, you grant to CMH the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display such content and the right to create derivative works from your content, edit or modify such content and use such content for any CMH purpose.
THIS POLICY MAY BE UPDATED AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, AND EACH TIME A USER ACCESSES A SOCIAL NETWORKING SITE, THE NEW POLICY WILL GOVERN, USAGE, EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING. To remain in compliance, CMH suggests that you review the Policy, as well as the other website policies, at regular intervals. By continuing to post any content after such new terms are posted, you accept and agree to any and all such modifications to this Policy.
Primary Sidebar
About UsAccreditations and Certifications
ACO Public Reporting
Board of Directors
CMH Alert – COVID-19
Access Care
CMH Visitor Restrictions
FAQs
How You Can Help
Precautions We Are Taking
Resources
Testing Criteria
Testing Locations
CMH Privacy Policy
Community Benefits
Contact CMH
I Am CMH
Leadership Team
Cory S. Bagby, Esq.
Hugh A. Jones
Jacqueline J. Weder
Jason Krupp, MD, FACP
Jeffrey L. Brickman, FACHE
John H. Whitlock, Jr.
Michele A. Talka, SPHR, CEBS
Nancy Ban
Peter J. Wright, FACHE
Steven G. Littleson, DBA, FACHE
Mission, Vision & Values
Quality & Safety
Social Media Policy
Topsham Ambulatory Surgery Center
Letters of Support
Vendor Relations
Search this website
About Our Health System
Central Maine Medical Center
Bridgton Hospital
Rumford Hospital
Topsham Care Center
Physician Practices
I Want To…
Find A Provider
Find a Location
Find a Job
Pay My Bill
Make a Gift
Find a Class or Event
For Our Community
For Healthcare Professionals
Join Our Team
Graduate Medical Education
For Employees
Employee Portal
CMH Privacy Policy
Site Map