http://www.abbeyosteopathy.co.uk/privacy-policy
07595 166 005023 8056 1742info@abbeyosteopathy.co.uk
Call Us
Book online now
Find Us On Yell:
Home
About Me
Osteopathy
Naturopathy
Acupuncture
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Blog
Covid-19 Important please read before your visit
Covid-19 testing service
Robert Cartwright Osteopathy videos
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE(Why I collect your personal data and what we do with it) When you supply your personal details to this clinic they are stored and processed for 4 reasons (the bits in bold are the relevant terms used in the General Data Protection Regulation – ie the law):1. I need to collect personal information about your health in order to provide you with the best possible treatment. Your requesting treatment and my agreement to provide that care constitutes a contract. You can, of course, refuse to provide the information, but if you were to do that I would not be able to provide treatment. 2. I have a “Legitimate Interest” in collecting that information, because without it I cannot do my job effectively and safely. 3. I also think that it is important that I can contact you in order to confirm your appointments with me or to update you on matters related to your medical care. This again constitutes “Legitimate Interest”, but this time it is your legitimate interest. 4. Provided I have your consent, I may occasionally send you general health information in the form of articles, advice or newsletters. You may withdraw this consent at any time – just let me know by any convenient method. I have a legal obligation to retain your records for 8 years after your most recent appointment (or age 25, if this is longer), but after this period you can ask us to delete your records if you wish. Otherwise, I will retain your records indefinitely in order that I can provide you with the best possible care should you need to see ME at some future date. Your records are stored electronically (“in the cloud”), using a specialist medical records service. This provider has given me their assurances that they are fully compliant with the General Data Protection Regulations. Access to this data is password protected, and the passwords are changed regularly.  We will never share your data with anyone who does not need access without your written consent. Only the following people/agencies will have routine access to your data: - The medical records service who store and process our files - Me, in order that I can provide you with treatment
You have the right to see what personal data of yours I hold, and you can also ask me to correct any factual errors. Provided the legal minimum period has elapsed, you can also ask me to erase your records. I want you to be absolutely confident that I’m treating your personal data responsibly, and that I’m doing everything I can to make sure that the only people who can access that data have a genuine need to do so. Of course, if you feel that I’m mishandling your personal data in some way, you have the right to complain. Complaints need to be sent to what is referred to in the jargon as the “Data Controller”. Here are the details you need for that: Robert Cartwright info@abbeyosteopathy.co.uk 07595166005Netley Wellness Clinic, 29c Station Road, Netley Abbey, Southampton, SO31 5AE.If you are not satisfied with my response, then you have the right to raise the matter with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Based in Southampton I extend my services to customers across Hamble, Bursledon, Sarisbury Green, Locks Heath, Warsash, Sarehan, Sholing, Bitterne, Hedge End, Botley, Bishops Waltham, Swannick and Woolston.
Share
Tweet
Share
Mail
Terms of Use
|  Privacy & Cookie Policy
|  Trading Terms
| Powered by Yell Business
© 2020. The content on this website is owned by us and our licensors. Do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.
Share by: