http://www.allhealth.edu/services/neuroscience/conditions/multiple-sclerosis-care.html
Neuroscience
keyboard_arrow_right
PRINT
Print
SHARE
Share with social media
Share
close Share buttons list
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Copy Link
Neuroscience Conditions
Multiple Sclerosis Care
Home
Services
Neuroscience
Neuroscience Conditions
Multiple Sclerosis Care
PRINT
Print
SHARE
Share with social media
Share
close Share buttons list
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Copy Link
Neuroscience Conditions
Adult Hydrocephalus Care
Benign Brain Tumors
Cerebrovascular Stroke Center
keyboard_arrow_down
Arteriovenous Malformation
Brain Aneurysm
Carotid Artery Stenosis
Stroke
Transient Ischemic Attack (Mini Stroke)
Concussion Care
Dementia & Alzheimer’s Disease
Epilepsy Care
keyboard_arrow_down
Epilepsy
Headache Care
keyboard_arrow_down
Migraine
Type of Headaches
Movement Disorders Care
keyboard_arrow_down
Dystonia
Essential Tremor
Multiple Sclerosis Care
keyboard_arrow_up
What Is Multiple Sclerosis?
Neuro Oncology
keyboard_arrow_down
Malignant Brain Tumors
Spinal Tumors
Neuromuscular Disorders Care
keyboard_arrow_down
ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease)
Charcot Marie Tooth Disease
Guillain-Barre Syndrome
Muscular Dystrophy
Myopathy
Myositis
Peripheral Neuropathy
Spinal Muscular Atrophy
Myasthenia Gravis
Parkinsons Care
Parkinsons Disease
Pituitary Neuroendocrine Care
keyboard_arrow_down
Acromegaly
Cushing's Syndrome
Pituitary Tumors
Spasticity Care
Spine Care
keyboard_arrow_down
Back and Neck Pain
Multiple Sclerosis
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a complex medical condition that can affect people differently. At Allegheny Health Network (AHN) Neuroscience Institute, our dedicated specialists provide exceptional medical expertise and comprehensive education to support you in your care.
The MS Treatment Center offers you access to the latest treatments, including promising therapies still in clinical trials. Because we understand the many challenges facing people with MS, we provide abundant resources to help you manage your symptoms and stay active over the course of your life.
Multiple Sclerosis (MS) care at AHN: Why choose us?
People with multiple sclerosis choose AHN because of our:
Expertise: Our team includes nationally known neurologists with decades of experience in multiple sclerosis diagnosis and treatment. We care for 2,000 patients with MS every year – more than most programs in the United States.
Early access to promising treatments: We offer the most effective therapies, often before they are widely available. AHN was the first hospital in western Pennsylvania to offer Lemtrada®, an infusion treatment that provides symptom relief to patients who did not have success with other therapies.
Dedicated nurse navigator: Our nurse navigator specializes in MS care. This professional meets with you one-on-one after a diagnosis and as needed to review what you can expect in the years ahead, teach you about the benefits of a healthy diet and lifestyle, and connect you with the support services that can make your life easier.
Wide-ranging support services: From coordinating services such as physical therapy to answering your employment questions, we support you through every challenge. Our close relationship with the National Multiple Sclerosis Society makes it easy for you to get the answers you need and the exceptional care you deserve.
Focus on research: We collaborate with the top MS centers in the country, exploring ways we can improve the lives of people living with MS. Our extensive research endeavors offer you early access to new treatments and clinical trials that not many hospitals can provide. Learn more about the Neuroscience Research Center.
Your MS care team
At AHN, specialists with different areas of expertise work closely together to address your changing needs over time. Every professional you see understands the complexity of multiple sclerosis.
Your care team may include:
Neurologists with expertise in movement disorders or spasticity
Neuro-ophthalmologists, experts in eye conditions related to the nervous system
Neuro-otologists, experts in neurological disorders that affect the ears
Neuroradiologists, physicians skilled in diagnosing neurological conditions with advanced imaging tests
Neurosurgeons, physicians trained to diagnosis and surgically treat neurological conditions
Nurses
Patient educators
Physical therapists
Get expert Multiple Sclerosis treatment at AHN
We use the latest medications and comprehensive rehabilitative services, such as physical therapy. Your care team will tailor a treatment plan to your symptoms and needs, adapting the treatment approach as your needs change over time.
Our goal is to find therapies that best manage your symptoms and maximize your abilities over your entire life. Read more about the diagnosis and treatment process: What is multiple sclerosis?
Contact us
Call (412) 359-8860 or request an appointment to learn more about AHN neuroscience services.
AHN Multiple Sclerosis Treatment Center
Allegheny General Hospital
420 East North Ave.
Suite 500
Pittsburgh, PA 15212
Appointments
Neuroscience Institute
Multiple Sclerosis Treatment Center
(412) 359-8850
(412) DOCTORS
(412) 362-8677
Copyright © 2020 Allegheny Health Network. All rights reserved