http://www.ceufast.com/help/topic/48000665284
MENU Sign Up
Login
Courses
Browse All Courses Search courses by profession and state.
Fire, Safety, and OSHA Requirements for Healthcare Professionals ABG Interpretation Acute Flaccid Myelitis Advanced Financial Concepts in Healthcare: Medicare and Medicaid Adverse Reactions to Contrast Agents: Dispelling the Myths Age Specific Guidelines for Non-Nursing Healthcare Professionals Age Specific Practice AIDS/HIV Four Hour, Current Evidence Based Practice
AIDS/HIV One Hour, Current Evidence Based Practice
Allergy versus side effects: The Confusion Must Stop Alzheimer's and Dementia Alzheimer's, Dementia, and Related Issues Aminoglycosides Angina Annual Regulatory Requirements, Current Practice Annual Review Topics for CNAs and HHAs Anticoagulant and Fibrinolytic Therapy Assaultive Behavior and Workplace Violence Assistance with Self-Administration: Medication Savvy for Nursing Assistants Atypical Antipsychotics Bioterrorism and Weapons of Mass Destruction Bipolar Disorder Borderline Personality Disorder BPH and Prostate Cancer Breast Cancer Breastfeeding Bullying: Real-life strategies to reduce the frequency and impact of bullying in healthcare Business Management for the Healthcare Professional Calling The Doctor Should Not Be This Hard Cardiac Emergencies: Assessment, Angina, and MI Cardiac Emergencies: Sudden Death Care of the Patient with ADHD
Care of the Patient with Alzheimer’s Care of the Patient with Anxiety
Care of the Patient with Arthritis
Care of the Patient with Asthma
Care of the Patient with Autism
Care of the Patient with Cerebral Palsy
Care of the Patient with Constipation
Care of the Patient with Diabetes Care of the Patient with Down Syndrome Care of the Patient with HIV/AIDs Care of the Patient with Intellectual Disability (Mental Retardation)
Care of the Patient with Kidney and Renal Disease Care of the Patient with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Care of the Patient with Schizophrenia
Care of the Patient with Seizures
Care of the Patient with Tuberculosis CDC Guidelines for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain Cesarean Section Risks and Complications Child Abuse Child Abuse: New York Mandated Reporter Training Child Abuse: Pennsylvania Mandated Reporter Training, 2 hours - License Renewal Child Abuse: Pennsylvania Mandated Reporter Training, 3 hours - Initial Licensure Chronic Kidney Disease and its Main Comorbidities Chronic Kidney Disease Management Coaching and Mentoring for Success Conflict Management Congestive Heart Failure: Living with Failure Congestive Heart Failure: The Essence of Heart Failure Congestive Heart Failure: Treating Failure Conscious Sedation
Controlled Substances: A Prescriber Guide Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Critical Care Unit Competency Test Critical Thinking
Cultural Competency for Nursing Assistants, Home Health Aides, and Medical Assistants Cultural Competency: Current Practice Decreasing C-section Rates Dependent Adult Abuse (Elder Abuse) Depression Diabetic Complications Diabetic Medications Diabetic Patient Education Diagnoses and Treatment of Children with Developmental Coordination Disorder (DCD) Domestic Violence, Sexual Violence, Intimate Partner Violence Drug Abuse and Pregnancy Drug Overdose and Antidotes Ebola: The Evolving Catastrophe EKG, ECG Interpretation Enterovirus D68 (EV-D68): Unraveling the Mystery Errors in the Surgical Setting Ethics for Healthcare Professionals Fall Prevention Education for Community-Dwelling Older Adults Fever: Evidence Based Practice Fire, Safety and OSHA Training for the CNA and HHA Guideline for Prescribing Opioids: Oklahoma Requirement Handwriting: More Than Fine Motor Coordination Healthcare Economics for Executives and Managers Hepatitis C: Beyond the Basics HIPAA for the CNA HIPAA: Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Home Safety Evaluations for Healthcare Professionals How Screen Time Affects Our Patients: Healthcare Practitioners Need to Know Human Trafficking Hypertension ICU Psychosis: The Danger is Real Impairment in the Workplace: Substance Abuse Improving Customer Service for Healthcare Professionals Infection Control and Barrier Precautions Insomnia: Inability to Sleep Jurisprudence and Ethics for Nurses Licensed in Texas Laws and Rules: Florida Board of Nursing Laws and Rules: Florida Board of Occupational Therapy Laws and Rules: Florida Council of Licensed Midwifery Laws and Rules: Florida Respiratory Care Board Long-term Care Nursing: Admission and Medicare Documentation Long-Term Care Nursing: Medication Pass LPN IV Series: Administration Methods LPN IV Series: Blood and Blood Products Transfusion LPN IV Series: Central Venous Catheters and Arterial Catheters LPN IV Series: Homeostasis and Regulatory Functions Relationship to IV Therapy LPN IV Series: IV Pharmacology
LPN IV Series: Legalities, Infection Control, Safe Injection and Documentation LPN IV Series: Parenteral Nutrition LPN IV Series: Venipuncture and Maintenance Management Foundations of Healthcare Management of Cardiovascular Disease in Pregnancy Management of Diabetes during Pregnancy Management Training for a Positive Work Environment Maternal Fetal Triage Index Measles: How Soon Forgotten Medical Documentation Medical Errors
Medical Record Documentation and Legal Aspects for CNAs and HHAs Mental Illness and Pregnancy Mindfulness for Healthcare Professionals Mother/Baby Competency Test Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C) Associated with COVID-19 Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome Neonatal Blood Gas Interpretation Neonatal Cardiac Assessment Neonatal Complications at Delivery Neonatal Glucose Management Neonatal Infections Neonatal Jaundice Management Neonatal Pharmacology New York Mandatory Education for Prescribing Controlled Substances Newborn Assessments OB Early Warning Criteria Obesity Obesity and Pregnancy Obstetric Complications Ohio Law Governing Drugs and Prescriptive Therapy
Ohio Nurse Practice Act: 1 Hour Category A Ohio Nurse Practice Act: 2 Hour Category A Opioid Crisis: Feeling the Pain Opioid Prescribing and Substance Abuse, 10hr Organ and Tissue Donation OSHA: Occupational Exposure to Blood Borne Pathogens Osteoarthritis (degenerative arthritis or degenerative joint disease): A Nursing Perspective
Ostomatology: Colostomy, ileostomy, urostomy Pain Assessment and Management Pain Assessment and Management: Massachusetts Palliative Care and Hospice
Patient Energy Conservation to Facilitate Increased Independence Patient Rights Patient Safety and Assessment: Safe Use of Assistive Devices Pediatric Abusive Head Trauma (Shaken Baby Syndrome) Peripherally Inserted Central Catheters (PICC) Pharmacology Competency test Pharmacology Current Practice Placental Complications Pneumothorax In The Adult Patient Polypharmacy: Is It the new normal for the elderly patient? Postpartum Care Postpartum Hemorrhage Preeclampsia Prescribing Controlled Substances and Drug Diversion, Best Practices - 1hr Prescribing Controlled Substances and Drug Diversion, Best Practices - 3 hr Pressure Ulcers in the Perioperative Setting Preventing Needlestick Injuries Primitive Reflexes: Why Are They Important? Protein Synthesis Inhibitors Psychopharmacology: Medications for the Mind Psychosocial Assessment: A Nursing Perspective PTSD, Healing Beyond the Horror Pulmonary Embolism: Acute Onset Respiratory Management Following Spinal Cord Injury Restraint Use for CNAs and HHAs Restraint Use: Evidence Based Practice Schizophrenia Sexual Harassment Prevention Sexual Harassment Prevention, California SB 1343 | One-hour Sexual Harassment Prevention, California SB 1343 | Two-hour Spinal Cord Injuries: Non-traumatic Spinal Cord Injuries: Traumatic Substance Abuse Suicide Prevention Training for Washington Healthcare Professionals - 6 Hours Suicide Prevention: Identify and Treat at Risk Patients Suicide Screening and Referral Suicide Screening and Referral Training for Washington - 3 Hour Supervisory Skills and Tools Surgical Patient Care Talking to Dementia Residents Targeted Temperature Management (Therapeutic Hypothermia) Telemetry/Progressive Care Unit Competency test The Assessment and Management of Pain Tick Borne Diseases Trauma: Optimizing Survival Outcomes Traumatic Brain Injury Tuberculosis UTI Uncomplicated: Acute Simple Cystitis UTIs Complicated (Including Pyelonephritis) In Adults Vasoactive Drips: A guide to starting and titrating critical care drips, Adult and Pediatric Veterans and Families Mental Health Wound Series 5: Terminal Wounds: When Complete Healing is not an Option Wound Series Part 1: Assessing and Diagnosing Chronic Wounds of the Lower Extremity Wound Series Part 2: Approaches to Treating Chronic Wounds Wound Series Part 3: Pressure Ulcers and Injuries-Risk Factors, Diagnosis, Staging, Management Wound Series Part 4: Lymphedema and Chronic Wounds Zika Virus Infection
About CEUFastAccreditationFeaturesPricingCourse CompletionNurse Salary GuideNews Blog Requirements Alberta - CanadaAlabamaAlaskaAmerican SamoaArizonaArkansasBritish Columbia - CanadaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HelpAlertsNotifications
CoursesDomestic Violence (Intimate Partner Violence)Medical Errors PreventionAIDS/HIV, 4 HourInfection Control and Barrier Precauti...Alzheimer's and DementiaFAQsHow much does CEUfast cost?How soon do I get my certificate? Help - Technical Issues? Return to Help CenterTechnical Issues? Can't Log Into Account
First - Verify you are using the correct Login ID & Password.
Second - Make sure cookies and javascript are enabled:
To determine if cookies and javascript are enabled in your browser, please visit www.supportdetails.com.
Third - Go to https://ceufast.com/clearcookies and press the “Click here to clear your cookies” button. You will be logged out (if you are in) and upon clearing the cookies prompted to “Click here to log in”. This step will take you to the Login page, which performs a partial cache clearing.
Fourth -  Press “Shift+F5”, which will completely clear the cache for that page, including some base scripts that are used on the whole site. Note: This is an additional step that can be taken, but may or may not be required in order to resolve your login issue.
Important Awareness: As an ongoing maintenance reference, if you are using Chrome or Safari as your browser, we recommend to be sure and regularly clear out the cache history file, close all open windows/tabs, and then launch a fresh browser window after doing so. Unfortunately, these two browsers are noted for not automatically clearing the cookies and cache file properly, which can cause login issues, page loading errors, etc. on various sites, especially those with secure encryption.  Alternatively, consider troubleshooting by using a different browser, like Firefox, for example.
To enable cookies for your browser, please follow the instructions applicable for the browser you are using:
Microsoft Edge
Click the three dots that are shown in the upper right corner.
Select Settings
Choose "View advanced settings"
Scroll down until you reach the "Cookies" section. (Enabled by default)
Internet Explorer 11.xxx
Click Tools (appears as a gear icon) at the upper right corner and then Internet Options.
Select the Privacy tab.
Under Settings, click the Advanced button.
Under First-party Cookies, select Accept.
Under Third-party Cookies, select Accept.
Check the box Always allow session cookies.
Click OK.
Click OK to exit.
Firefox 56.x.x
At the top of the Firefox window, click on the menu button (three bars in the upper right corner) and choose Options.
Select the Privacy & Security panel and go to the History section.
In the drop-down menu next to Firefox will choose Use custom settings for history.
Check mark Accept cookies from websites to enable cookies, and uncheck it to disable them.
If you are troubleshooting problems with cookies, make sure Accept third-party cookies is also set to Always. For more information, see Disable third-party cookies in Firefox.
Choose how long cookies are allowed to be stored
Keep until: they expire - Each cookie will be removed when it reaches its expiration date, which is set by the site that sent the cookie.
Keep until: I close Firefox - The cookies that are stored on your computer will be removed when Firefox is closed.
Close the about:preferences page. Any changes you've made will automatically be saved.
Chrome
Go to chrome://settings/.
At the bottom, choose Advanced.
Under "Privacy and security", click Content settings.
Click Cookies.
From here, make sure the Allow sites to save and read cookie data (recommended) option is turned on.
Safari
Click on the Safari-menu in Safari
Click on the Preferences... item in the menu - a new window opens
Click on the Security icon near the top of the window.
Under Accept Cookies the Always or Only from sites you navigate to must be selected.
Save changes by clicking Ok and go to one of the configuration pages again
Once you complete these steps, close your browser and reopen it. Go to CEUfast.com and log in again.
Tuesday, December 17, 2019 8:03:18 PM
Test Won't Grade
In order for the test submission button to function properly, you must have cookies and javascript enabled for the web browser being used. The online diagnostic at  http://www.supportdetails.com/ can verify right away if cookies and javascript are active.
Important: If you have verified that you have both cookies and javascript enabled, but are still unable to grade your test, the issue is most likely related to the browser being used. If you are using Chrome or Safari, please clear the cache history file, close all open browser windows and/or tabs, and then relaunch a fresh browser and login session to try grading again.
Alternatively, a different browser could be used to assist in troubleshooting test grading issues.
Tuesday, December 17, 2019 8:03:18 PM
Name Change Requests
Step 1: Make the Request
How do I change the name on my account?
Log into CEUFast.com with your username and password.
From the account home page, click on the "Edit Profile" link located under your name, in the top left corner.
Make the desired changes to your name and then click the "Request Name Change Now" button. *Please note* this button will only appear if approval is required before the change will take effect on your account.
Step 2: Legal Documentation
IMPORTANT: If your name change request can be legally verified, without additional documentation, the name will be updated on your account within 2 - 3 business days. However, if the name change cannot be verified, additional documentation will be required. Documentation to support a name change can be provided as soon as a request for name change has been made, rather than waiting, in order to speed up the process.
To prevent fraudulent activity, name changes are not permitted after tests have been completed and certificates received on an account, unless a legal name change has occurred. If you have had a legal name change, please send the appropriate documentation to the following address, or the scanned documents as an attachment to customer support at "support@ceufast.com". After receiving the documentation required, we will be more than happy to update your account as quickly as possible.
The address to physically mail the documentation to is as follows:
CEUFast, Inc.
PO Box 3546
Lake City, FL 32056
The following are acceptable documents to show proof of your name change:
Marriage certificate (a copy of the original document is acceptable)
Certified record of divorce
Certified court order
If physically mailing, please be sure to include the email address, along with any other identifying information, associated with your account in order to assure the fastest update possible. Documentation received that cannot be linked to an account in the system will result in an unaltered name on the account.
Friday, April 3, 2020 5:51:36 PM
View, Print, Email, or Save Certificates
Please Note: In order to access certificates for viewing, printing, saving, emailing, or electronic reporting (where applicable), they must be purchased via subscription. All purchased certificates will remain accessible indefinitely. Effective October 17, 2017, any unpurchased certificates will be purged from the database 6 months from the date of completion.
Individual Certificates
To print, save, or email individual certificates:
Log into CEUFast.com
From the account home page, under the “Transcript” area, click on the title of the certificate or the “View” button to the right of the certificate title.
On the print preview page click the “Print”, “Save”  or “Email” button.
Multiple Certificates
To print, save, or email multiple certificates:
Log into CEUFast.com
From the account home page, under the “Transcript” area, place a check in each box to the left of the certificates you wish to print, save, or email. Alternatively, you can select all of the certificates you are viewing by placing a check in the top left select box.
Once you have selected the certificates you wish to print, save, or email, click the “Print Selected”, “Email Selected”, or “Save Selected” buttons at the top of the Transcript area.
Note: If you are having difficulty with your certificate printing full page, we recommend that you try the "Save" option in order to save a PDF copy to a location on your computer. You should then be able to open and print the file in Adobe Reader. You can download the latest copy of Adobe Reader free at http://get.adobe.com/reader/.
CEUFast is required to maintain copies of your certificates for at least 4 years. However, at this time we do not delete user's certificates; therefore, you can return any time in the future to retrieve them.
Wednesday, March 4, 2020 11:53:40 PM
Resuming a Course or Test
Once you log into CEUfast and start a course or test, our system automatically saves your progress as you move through the material. If you are unable to complete a course, the next time you log in, the last course you started will be displayed on your My Account above your "Transcript" area.
To pick up where you left off, just click the "Resume Course" or "Resume Test" button (as applicable). If you have started multiple courses or tests, you can reveal each of them by clicking the "View all previously started courses" link found just below the last course or test that was started. You can also return to the Courses page and any courses you had previously started will have a "Resume Course" or "Resume Test" button next to the course as applicable.
Tuesday, December 17, 2019 8:03:19 PM
Profile Information Update
How do I update my password, phone number, mailing or email address?
1) Log into CEUFast.com with your username and password.
2) From the account home page click on the "Edit Profile" link located under your name in the top left corner.
3) Make the desired changes to your information and then click the "Save Profile" button located at the bottom of the page.
Tuesday, December 17, 2019 8:03:18 PM
Duplicate Course Detected
If you are seeing a message that a duplicate course has been detected, then you may have some questions. Please review the following for information about the message and what it means for you and your course completion goals:
1) The message appears only as a courtesy to make users aware that the same course has been completed previously within the immediate 2 years preceding the current date.
2) The hours for any duplicate courses detected will not be displayed in the total amount of hours shown in the Transcript information bar; however, that does not mean the hours are not valid or do not hold accreditation that will grant credit for license renewal.
3) If the date range is adjusted in the Transcript toolbar, most of the time, the message will be removed (since the date range would most likely no longer include the date the previous course was completed). We recommend that the beginning date in the date range field be entered as the date for the first day of your renewal cycle.
4) The hours shown in the Transcript toolbar are for guideline use only in an effort to assist in keeping track of the amount of completed hours needed for license renewal. They do not reflect the information that is necessarily on file with the relevant agency or Board of Nursing that the license is held under.
We hope this information is helpful and relieves any questions or concerns; however, if additional information regarding the duplicate course detected message is needed, please feel free to contact us.
Tuesday, December 17, 2019 8:03:19 PM
Changing Text Size
In most web browsers you can press the keys “Ctrl” (Command on a Mac) and “+” simultaneously to increase the text size in your browser. To make the text smaller you can use “Ctrl” (Command on a Mac) and “-”. Alternatively, if you have a mouse with a scroll wheel, you can hold "Ctrl" while scrolling the mouse wheel up or down to adjust the text size in the window you are viewing. Also, you can typically adjust font/text size by selecting the “View” option from the file or settings menu in your browser and looking for the “Text Size” or “Zoom” sub-menu items.
Tuesday, December 17, 2019 8:03:19 PM
Not Receiving Emails from CEUfast?
Guide to Whitelist Email
CEUfast wants to make sure emails are making their way to your inbox. This way you can ensure you’re up to date on renewal deadlines, new courses and the latest in the nursing industry. By adding CEUfast to your whitelist, you will be able to communicate with the support team if you ever need assistance with your account, or have a question for us. A great way to set this up is by adding CEUfast to your Whitelist, which is your safe sender list. This tells your email provider that our emails are not spam, and actually do belong in your inbox.
Keep reading to find step-by-step instructions on how to add CEUfast to your whitelist.
AOL Mail
Click “Contacts” in the toolbar on the right side
Select the “Add Contact” option
Enter CEUfast.com to add us to your list
Click “Add Contact” to complete
Comcast
Click “Preferences” from the menu bar
Click “Restrict Incoming Email” to view the settings
Select “Yes to Enable Email Controls”
Click “Allow” to enable email addresses from the list
Enter CEUfast.com to add us to your list
Click “Add” and “Update” to complete
Earthlink
Open the Address Book
Click “Add Contact”
Add CEUfast as a contact and save
Gmail
Open a previous email from CEUfast
Click on the drop down arrow next to the “Reply” button
Click “Add CEUFast.com to contacts list” to complete
Apple Mail
Open an email from CEUfast
Select the email address in the header of the message
Click “Add” to complete
NetZero
Open the Address Book, shown in the menu bar on top
Click “Contacts” and “Add Contact
Enter CEUfast.com and save to complete
Windows Live Hotmail
Open a previous email from CEUfast
Select the “Add to Contacts” option to complete
Yahoo! Mail
Open a previous email from CEUfast
Select “Add to Contacts” then enter additional information in the popup if needed
Click “Save” to complete
Microsoft Outlook 2003
Open a previous email from CEUfast
Right-click the “Click Here to Download Images” in the gray bar at the top of the email
Select “Add sender to Senders Safe List” to complete
Outlook 2007
In the email list view, right-click on an email from CEUfast
Select “Junk E-mail”
Click “Add Sender to Safe Senders List” to complete
Outlook 2010
Click the “Home” tab then go to the Junk folder
Click “Junk E-mail Options” then “Safe Senders”
Select “Add” and enter CEUfast.com and additional information as you see fit
Click “OK” to complete
Mozilla Thunderbird for PC and Mac
Open the Address Book
Check to see that the Personal Address Book is the one highlighted
Click “New Card”
Under the Contact tab, enter CEUfast.com and additional information if necessary
Click “OK” to complete
Mac Mail
Open the Address Book
Click “File,” then “New Card”
Enter CEUfast.com and additional information if necessary
Click “Edit” to complete
iOS Devices (iPhone/iPad)
Tap on any message from CEUfast
Select CEUfast in the “From” field at the top of the message
Click “Create New Contact”
Android Devices (Samsung, Google Nexus, etc.)
Open a previous email from CEUfast
Select the picture next to the sender field
Click “OK” to add to contacts and complete
Friday, May 15, 2020 8:44:20 PM
Contact Us Email Us for assistance
Are you sure?You should NOT select "Remember me for 30 days" if you are on a public or shared computer. Learn more
×For a better experience, upgrade to Internet Explorer 11 or higher, Chrome or Firefox!