http://www.appliedradiology.com/terms-and-conditions
About Us
FAQ
Advertise
Contact
Latest Articles
Log In
My Account
(logout)
Journal
Issues
Subscribe
Address Change
Author Guidelines
Advertise
Articles
News
eNews Updates
Videos
COVID-19
AR Connect
RSNA 2019
RSNA 2018
RSNA 2017
RSNA 2016
RSNA 2015
ASTRO 2018
Artificial Intelligence Series
Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
On Demand Webinars
Communities
Artificial Intelligence
Breast Imaging
CT Imaging
MR Imaging
Pediatric Imaging
Cases
Clinical Cases
Case Reviews
Quizzes
CME/CE
Resources
Email Alert Manager
New Subscription
Renew Subscription
Change Address
Author Guidelines
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
AR Connect
COVID19
Bracco
Guerbet
Philips
Telix
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Applied Radiology (“Applied Radiology”) is owned and operated by Anderson Publishing, Ltd. (“Anderson”).
1. General. These Terms of Use govern your access to and use of Applied Radiology digital products and services, including Applied Radiology.com and Applied Radiology mobile applications, and unless other terms and conditions expressly apply,  these terms for any other electronic service of Applied Radiology that may be made available from time to time (each a “Service”). Any use of the Services shall constitute acceptance of these Terms of Use.
2. Copyright Ownership and Permitted Use. Copyright Ownership and Permitted Use. Unless otherwise indicated, the content available through the Services is protected by copyright and may be used only in accordance with copyright and other applicable laws. Content available through the Services is for your personal noncommercial use.
For permissions information, please contact our Publisher, Kieran N. Anderson at (908) 301-1995.
3. Trademark Ownership. Applied Radiology and the Applied Radiology logo (“Anderson Trademarks”) are trademarks of Anderson. Any use of Anderson Trademarks in connection with the sale, offering for sale, distribution, or advertising of any goods or services, which is likely to cause confusion, to cause mistake, or to deceive, is strictly prohibited.
4. Modifications of Terms of Use. Anderson reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. Any such modification will be posted and the continued use of the Services after any such posting shall constitute acceptance of the Terms of Use as modified.
5. Web Site Modifications and Availability. Anderson will make reasonable efforts to keep the Services available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. However, owing to technical failures, routine maintenance, or other unforeseen circumstances, availability may be limited and Anderson will not be responsible for the non-availability of the Services. Anderson reserves the right to modify, suspend, discontinue, or restrict access to, all or any part of the Services at any time.
6. Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability. Content made available through the Services is the result of research and/or contribution by independent individuals or organizations. Anderson is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any data or conclusions reported in such content. The Services are intended for educational, research, and reference purposes only. The content available through the Services should not be substituted for the advice of a qualified health care professional. Do not disregard or avoid professional medical advice or delay seeking it because of materials made available through the Services.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES IS ON AN  "AS IS,"  "AS AVAILABLE BASIS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL ANDERSON, ITS EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, MEMBERS, AGENTS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE INABILITY TO USE, OR THE USE OF, THE SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES, OR ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES.
7. User-Generated Content. The following provisions apply to user-generated content submitted to Applied Radiology in connection with the Services. By submitting content you agree to the following provisions, which may be amended from time to time:
You agree that you are fully responsible for the content that you submit. You agree that you will not post or submit any content that (i) is defamatory, obscene, or abusive, (ii) violates or infringes upon the proprietary, publicity, or privacy rights of any third party, (iii) violates or encourages the violation of any applicable local, state, national, or international law, rule, or regulation, or (iv) is otherwise inappropriate. You agree not to submit any personal information of another (including, without limitation, Protected Health Information). You will indemnify Anderson, from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of the content you submit. You understand and agree that Anderson is not responsible for content submitted by third parties.
The publisher and editors of Applied Radiology, in their sole discretion, reserve the right to reject, edit, remove, or otherwise alter any content submitted for any reason. Anderson reserves the right, in its sole discretion to revoke a user’s privilege to submit content.
You agree that by submitting content, you hereby grant to Anderson a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to use, reproduce, sublicense, modify, publicly perform, display, translate, create derivative works from, and distribute that material, in whole or in part, and incorporate it into other Anderson publications and services, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You authorize Anderson to publish your name and location (city, state and/or country) in connection with any use of your submission and in identifying yourself and location, you represent that you have done so accurately. Once your submission is approved by you and posted, you will not have the right to have it removed or edited.
You agree to post or submit only for non-commercial purposes.
Submissions to the user-generated content portions of the Services must be legible, comprehensible, and written in the English language.
8. International Use. The Services are controlled and operated within the United States of America. Anderson makes no representation that the Services or Content made available through the Services are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you access the Services from outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
9. Choice of Law and Forum. Your access and use of the Services, these Terms of Use, and all actions contemplated by these Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New Jersey as if these Terms of Use were an agreement wholly entered into and wholly performed within the State of New Jersey. The exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising from or relating to these Terms of Use or the use of Applied Radiology.com shall be with the state or federal courts located in the The State of New Jersey, USA.
10. Endorsements. Descriptions of, references to, or links to other products, publications, or services does not imply endorsement of any kind unless expressly stated by Anderson.
11. Login Security. Sharing login information for the Services is strictly prohibited.
12. Privacy. Registration data and other information about you and your use of the Services are subject to the AppliedRadiology.com Privacy Policy.
13. Copyright Complaints. Anderson respects the intellectual property ownership rights of others. If you believe your work has been reproduced in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify us by following the instructions in our notice about making claims of copyright infringement.
Resources
Author Guidelines
Advertise
Contact
Societies
RSNA
SCCT
AIUM
SIR
Education
CME Credits
CE Credits
CRA Credits
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © Anderson Publishing 2020