http://www.longislandivf.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Long Island Fertility, PLLC (“Long Island IVF”) respects your privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes:
The information that Long Island IVF collects and receives from you when you interact with its website: https://www.longislandivf.com/ (the “Site”);
If and why information may be collected by and/or disclosed to third parties;
How we collect, use and disclose the information we receive; and
Information regarding how we store and secure information.
If you use the Site, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your information under this Policy and agree to our Terms of Use.  Please note that this Policy does not apply to information collected through third-party sites or services that you may access through our Sites.
Long Island IVF reserves the right to change this Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy in its place. Therefore, you are responsible for checking this Policy periodically for changes. We will not make retroactive changes that reduce your privacy rights unless we are legally required to do so. Continued use of the Site following any changes to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
IMPORTANT NOTE! Long Island IVF’s Notice of Privacy Practices is a separate document that governs how medical information about you may be used and disclosed by Long Island IVF.
Information We May Collect
Information you Provide to us. Long Island IVF collects information from you when you register on our Site and/or use any forum, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form. When registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number.
Tracking Information. Long Island IVF uses cookies, which are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow it) to enable the Site or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Long Island IVF uses cookies to compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that Long Island IVF can offer better website experiences and tools in the future. While our system may collect this information, we generally do not identify you or match this information with your other personal information; however, we reserve the right to do so under certain circumstances (including, but not limited to, reporting to law enforcement authorities, in response to subpoenas or to enforce our Terms of Use).
How We Use your Information
Any of the information Long Island IVF collects from you may be used in one of the following ways:
We may use your information to personalize your experience because your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
Site Improvements. We may use your information to improve the Site because Long Island IVF continually strives to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
Customer Support. We may use your information to improve customer service. Your information helps us to effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
Communications with you. We may use your information to respond to communications from you or to communicate with you about the Services, including sending periodic emails. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, and related product or service information. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, Long Island IVF includes detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To Enforce our Terms of Use. We may use your information to enforce our Terms of Use and other applicable policies.
Legal Purposes. We may use the information we collect to investigate or address claims or disputes relating to your use of our Site, or as otherwise allowed by applicable law.
How We Share and Disclose Your Information
With third party service providers performing services on our behalf. We may share information with our third party service providers to perform the functions for which we engage them. We may share information as needed to operate other related services.
Marketing & Advertising. We may share non-personally identifiable information with other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Potential New Owner. We may share your information with others in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company.
For legal purposes. We also may share information that we collect from users, as needed, to enforce our rights, protect our property or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will disclose your information as we deem necessary to respond to a subpoena, regulation, binding order of a data protection agency, legal process, governmental request or other legal or regulatory process. We may also share your information as required to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain.
Information Security
Long Island IVF implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information.  However, the security of information transmitted through the internet can never be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for data that is changed or lost.
Children
Long Island IVF complies with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); Long Island IVF does not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our Site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Questions?
If you have questions regarding this Policy, please contact us at:
Long Island Fertility, PLLC
8 Corporate Center Drive, Suite 101
Melville, NY 11747
Effective Date: October 2018
Last Modified: October 2017
Home
Privacy Policy