https://www.mgp.co.uk/print-circulation-privacy-policy/
Print Circulation Privacy Policy
What information we have about you and why:
The law states that we need a legal reason for processing your data. Our legitimate interest is that we send you Guidelines in Practice free of charge to help and assist you with your work and professional development. We hold your name, work address, and job role so that we can send you copies of Guidelines in Practice. We will hold this information until you inform us that you no longer want us to, or you no longer wish to receive copies of Guidelines in Practice. If you have any complaints or need to contact us about your information, please email: dataprotection@mgp.co.uk
You have the following rights over your personal information:
Right of access—you have the right to access information that we hold about you.
Right to rectification—you have the right to rectify or complete any incorrect or incomplete information that we hold about you.
Right to erasure—if we do not have a valid reason to hold or process your information, you can request that we erase information that we hold about you.
Right to restrict processing—if you believe that we do not have a valid reason to hold your information, you have the right to restrict the processing of your information until you allow us to, or we can prove that we do have a valid reason.
Right to object—you have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. We will stop processing the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing.
Tweets by @mgpltd
The MGP Ltd website uses cookies, some may have been set already. If you continue to use the site, we will assume you're happy to accept the cookies anyway. Accept View our Privacy Policy.Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.