https://www.acgih.org/privacy-policy
News
Community
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
My Profile Member Center
Not a member? Join ACGIH®
Menu
Membership
Becoming a Member
Member Benefits
Join
Renew
ACGIH® Organizational Supporters
Member Resources
Member Login
Membership Directory
Downloadable TLV® and BEI® Documentation
Journal of Occupational and Environmental Hygiene
Today! Online Newsletter
Other
Awards
Volunteer Involvement
Career Center
Bylaws
Member Ethical Principles
Publications
Online Store
Visit the Store
Publication Categories
ACGIH® Signature Publications
New Releases
Industrial Hygiene
Environmental Health
Safety and Health Science
Workplace Controls
CIH Exam Preparation
Computer Resources
Distance Learning
Downloadable Products
Ergonomics
Hazardous Materials/Waste
Indoor Air Quality
Medical/Toxicology
Physical Agents
Professional Development
Clearance
Promotions
Digital Editions
ACGIH® Signature Publications
TLV®/BEI® Publications
Downloadable TLV® and BEI® Documentation
Industrial Ventilation
Other ACGIH® Signature Publications
ACGIH® Copyright Permission Request
Today! Online
Journal
Journal of Occupational and Environmental Hygiene
JOEH Copyright Permission Request
Digital Publications
TLV®/BEI® Guidelines
Documentation, Publications, and Data
Notice of Intended Changes
Downloadable TLV® and BEI® Documentation
TLV®/BEI®-Related Publications
Under Study
Substances and Agents Listing
Policies, Procedures & Presentations
Overview
TLV®/BEI® Development Process
TLV®/BEI® Policy Statement
TLV®/BEI® Position Statement
Conflict of Interest Policy
Procedures for Commenting on TLVs® and BEIs®
Committee Operations Manuals
TLV®/BEI® Process Presentations
Professional Development & Events
Education
Face-to-Face Courses & Symposia
eLearning (Webinars)
"The Action Level!®" Continuing Education Program
Events
Calendar of Events
American Industrial Hygiene Conference & Exposition (AIHce)
ACGIH® Exhibits
Call for Presentations Form
Career Center
Job Postings
CIH Exam Resources
About Us
About ACGIH®
ACGIH® Organizational Chart
Donate
ACGIH® General Fund Contributors
History
Past Board of Directors/Annual Meeting Locations
Board of Directors
Committees
Call for Volunteers Form
ACGIH® Staff
Bylaws
Contact Us
Foundation
About FOHS
Board of Trustees
Donate
Programs
Jeffrey S. Lee Lectureship Program
Sustainable TLV®/BEI® Program
Worldwide Outreach Program
Press Releases
FOHS Contributors
Contact Us
Contributions
Terms of Access
ACGIH®
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 7/16/2018
CONTENTS
Introduction
Who we are and how to contact us
Information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it
Source of data
Why we collect this information
Sharing your information
Retention of personal information
International transfers
Cookies
How you can review, correct, update, and delete your personal information
Changes to this notice
INTRODUCTION
Your privacy is important to us. We developed this Privacy Policy so you know how we collect, use, share, and store your personal information.  This Privacy Policy applies to our website, information we have received from third parties, and other information we receive from communications from you.  Each time you use our Site, the current version of this Policy will apply.  Accordingly, when using our Site, you should check the date of this Policy and review any changes since your last visit.  This notice is applicable to all Site visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Site.
By visiting www.acgih.org or related properties (the Site), you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the Data Controller is the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH®) registered in the State of Ohio USA with a registered address of 1330  Kemper Meadow Drive, Suite 600, Cincinnati, Ohio 45240.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by using the Contact Us section on this Site.  Alternatively you can contact us by phone at 513-742-2020, by sending an email to customerservice@acgih.org, or by mail to 1330 Kemper Meadow Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45240.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT, WHY WE COLLECT IT, AND HOW WE USE IT
"Personal Information" is information that, either alone or in combination with other information collected, identifies an individual. When we combine other information (i.e., information that does not, on its own, identify an individual) with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information. Personal Information includes your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, employer, and job function.
We use industry-accepted standards and technology (including 'cookies') to collect all data and also take reasonable and up-to-date measures to maintain the security and integrity of all collected data.
Contact and Mailing Information
When you apply for membership, sign up for free services, register for an educational event or purchase our products and services, we request contact and mailing information including your name, mailing address, email address, and telephone number. We use this information to process your order and provide you with the services or products you request. This information is necessary for us to provide you with the following:
Newsletters, publications, and registration for our mailing lists;
Products;
Event registration;
Account registration on our website;
Updated information about our industry, profession, or the Association;
Other services we may offer from time to time.
This information is also necessary for us to communicate with you about your membership, account, or transactions with us, giving you important information about your  products or services, sending you notices about material changes to this Privacy Statement, and, consistent with applicable laws, sending you offers and promotions for our products, services, and events.
Employment Information
When you apply for membership or register to attend events we are hosting, we may request some employment information such as your employer and position title. This information is used to provide member and event-related services and materials such as member directories, name tags, and programs. We may also use this information to generate sales reports and to measure and understand demographic, event interest, attendance and other trends among our members and customers. We need this information to register you for the event.
If you are invited to participate as a speaker in our event, we may also request Personal Information related to your employment history, authorship, credentials, and other information that may be relevant to describing  and  introducing you at the event and in the event materials. This information is necessary for us to prepare event-related materials and include you as an event participant.
Payment Information
When you ask to purchase a product, service, or event registration, we request certain payment information necessary for us to fulfill your order. This information may include your billing address, payment card information, and other bank information.
We do not view or store the payment card information you provide to us on our website. A third party, PayPal and PNC Merchant Services/First Data processes customer payment card information when our customers use a payment card to make a purchase on our website. We recommend you carefully review PayPal's Privacy Policy https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full and PNC Merchant Services Privacy Policy https://www.pnc.com/en/privacy-policy.html.
If you send us payment by mail, email, or telephone, we will collect Personal Information from you including, your name, mailing address, telephone number, and your payment information in order to process your payments for the products and services you request.
Communicating with Us
When you interact with us by email, telephone or in person, we may collect Personal Information, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences; and information about your membership and the products you own and services you receive. We keep a record of your correspondence or comments, including Personal Information, in a file specific to you. We may use this information to help us provide you with better service in the event that you contact us again.
Browsing, Searching, and Website Activity
We collect certain Personal Information when you visit our website or click on the various links for products and services. We collect this information to help run our website more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on the Site, and possibly to evaluate the effectiveness of any of our advertising.
Once you register and sign in using an account on our website, you are not anonymous to us. The personally identifiable data we collect when you visit the website may include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website that you came from before visiting our website, which pages you visit on our website, which URL you next go to, which browser you used to come to our website, your platform, your user name, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and any search terms entered on our website.
SOURCE OF DATA
We primarily collect Personal Information directly from you. In some cases, however, we may receive your Personal Information, such as your Contact and Mailing Information, from third parties that believe you may have an interest in our events, products, or services. When we receive your Personal Information, we will notify you within a reasonable time.
WHY WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION
If we ever request additional Personal Information for different reasons or in a situation that requires your explicit consent, we will notify you of the reasons and request your explicit consent to the collection accordingly.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent to others the Personal Information we collect online or otherwise. We may share the Personal Information you provide online only with other ACGIH® affiliate entities and/or businesses that provide services to ACGIH® and its affiliates and only for the purposes described above.
We use third party service providers to help us to administer certain activities on our behalf, such as fulfilling purchases and shipping products, processing credit card payments, sending emails, providing advertisements, analyzing usage of our websites and apps, tracking effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and allowing users to connect to their social network. We may share Personal Information about you with such third-party service providers to the extent necessary for the sole purpose of enabling them to perform services on our behalf.
Accordingly, payment information we collect may be processed by third-party service providers such as (i) payment processors, (ii) email and other online communication service providers, (iii) website hosting service providers, (iv) providers of cloud data storage and processing, (v) providers of shipping and mailing services, and (vi) website analytics service providers. Where ACGIH® and/or its affiliate companies engage third parties to perform services on our behalf, we will require them to observe the intent of this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures
We may disclose Personal Information about you to others if we have your consent to do so in such form of consent as may be required under applicable law.
We may also disclose Personal Information about you to others as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law or regulation, including laws or regulations outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public authorities and law enforcement officials, including officials outside your country of residence; (d) to assist or support theft investigations involving our products or property, (e) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; (f) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates and subsidiaries; (g) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of ACGIH®, its affiliates and subsidiaries, you or others; or (h) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may also transfer Personal Information to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your Personal Information has been collected as outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required by law.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
ACGIH® is based in the United States, where our servers and offices are located. Please note that any information you send to us by telephone, email, mail, or our website will be received in the United States. The United States may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
COOKIES
“Cookies” are small amounts of information that are stored on your computer or mobile device by websites that you visit or certain emails that you open.  Cookies store a string of information on a user’s computer or mobile device, which the user’s web browser provides to the Site automatically each time it interacts with the Site.  Cookies may store your preferences or other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.  The purpose of Cookies is to identify the user as a unique user of the Site.
ACGIH® uses Cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, and to provide you a safer, customized, and efficient experience.  Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided.
When you first access the Site, you will receive a message advising you that cookies are in use.  By clicking “I Accept”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of Cookies as described herein.
If you do not wish to have Cookies placed on your computer or mobile device, you should set your web browser to refuse Cookies before accessing the Site.  You can change your browser to refuse or restrict Cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any time. However, certain features of the Site may not function properly without the aid of Cookies.  If you refuse or delete Cookies, you assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality.
HOW YOU CAN REVIEW, CORRECT, UPDATE, AND DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take reasonable steps to help ensure that the Personal Information we collect from you is accurate, complete and current. You may request access to your Personal Information and request that erroneous or inaccurate Personal Information be corrected. You may request that your Personal Information and your ACGIH® website account be deleted. You may also request a copy of your Personal Information in our files. You can object to the processing of your data and, if you provided consent to allow us to process your data, you can withdraw your consent. We will respond promptly to your requests in accordance with applicable law.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We may decline to process requests that jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or would cause us to take any action that is not permissible under applicable laws. Additionally, as permitted by applicable laws, we may need to retain certain Personal Information for a longer- period of time for recordkeeping purposes, such as retaining records relating to your purchases for warranty or accounting purposes.
Access, correction or deletion requests can be made as follows:
American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH®)
1330 Kemper Meadow Drive
Cincinnati, Ohio 45240
Phone: (513) 742-2020
Fax: (513) 742-3355
Email: customerservice@acgih.org
If you are in the European Union ("EU"), you also may contact your supervisory authority to lodge a complaint regarding if you have any issues with how we are processing your data.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 7/16/2018.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time.  If we make any material changes to this Policy or the way we use, share or collect personal information, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this notice, posting an announcement of the changes on our Site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us.
Please check back frequently to see any updates of changes to this Notice.
Advertise
Donate
Contact Us
Foundation
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Access
ACGIH® Community
ACGIH®  Announces 2021 Election Results
ACGIH® is pleased to announce new members for its 2021 Board of Directors and its 2021 Nominating Committee. Click here to view press release..
Member Directory Volunteer Groups Awards Foundation Join Mailing List Social Media Career Center Links
Publications Online Store
Visit the Store
ACGIH® Signature
Publications
TLV®/BEI® Publications Downloadable TLV® and BEI® Documentation Industrial Ventilation Other ACGIH® Signature Publications
ACGIH® Copyright Permission Request
Today! Online Newsletter
Journal
Journal of Occupational and Environmental Hygiene (JOEH)
JOEH Copyright Permission Request
Today! Online Newsletter Today! Online Newsletter Today! Online Newsletter Today! Online Newsletter
Publication Categories
ACGIH® Signature Publications
New Releases
Industrial Hygiene
Environmental Health
Safety and Health Science
Workplace Controls
CIH Exam Preparation
Computer Resources
Distance Learning
Downloadable Products
Ergonomics
Hazardous Materials/Waste
Indoor Air Quality
Medical/Toxicology
Physical Agents
Professional Development
Clearance
Promotions
Digital Editions
Follow Us
© 2020 American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH®)
3640 Park 42 Drive | Cincinnati, Ohio 45241 | Tel: 513-742-2020
Web Design and Development by Matrix Group International, Inc. ®
ACGIH®'s Privacy Policy
Back to top