http://www.azprivacynotice.com/Legal-Statement.html
PRIVACY NOTICE
Who is Responsible for Your Personal Data
In this Privacy Notice, “AstraZeneca’’, ‘’We’’, ‘’Us’’ and ‘’Our’’ refers to the AstraZeneca group companies.
We determine the purposes and manner in which your personal data is collected, used and/or disclosed and managed in line with AstraZeneca’s internal global privacy standards
AstraZeneca takes the privacy and security of your personal data very seriously. This Privacy Notice outlines the categories of personal data We may collect about you and how We may use it.
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will notify you of any changes where We are required to do so.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?
If you register to use this website, or complete an online form, or send Us an email (e.g. to obtain email updates or ask Us to send you further information and/or to send you invitations to participate in scientific meetings, promotional events, cooperation opportunities and surveys), then We may collect and use personal data about you such as:
Name
Email address
Country of residence
Address
Telephone number
Occupation (for example, if you are a Healthcare Professional seeking information about our products)
Technical information about your device, such as your IP address, device type, device and advertising identifiers, browser type and version, and other standard server log information
Other personal data you choose to provide to Us
Such information will be provided by you and may be supplemented by Us from publicly available information or data brokers where appropriate. It is used by Us in our legitimate interests to administer the website, register you for any services you have signed up to and respond to any queries or requests for information you may have.
Occasionally, We may obtain sensitive personal data about you, for example, if you voluntarily provide information about your physical or mental health, as part of a request for information. In this case, We use such information only to respond to your inquiry and if applicable to provide you additional guidance (e.g. to inform you of your right to submit an adverse event report). By providing Us with your sensitive personal data, you consent to Us processing this data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice or any collection notice provided to you.
In the event you use this website, or complete an online form, or send Us an email to report an adverse event you have experienced whilst taking an AstraZeneca product, please review the adverse event reporting notice for your relevant country, available via https://aereporting.astrazeneca.com to get further information on how We process your personal data in relation to adverse events.
Cookies and Do-Not-Track Signals
We may also collect information about how you use the website using cookies (and other similar technologies), as part of improving the content and functionality of the website. For more information about the use of cookies please see the cookie notice on the webpage.
AstraZeneca does not respond to Do-Not-Track Signals.
Aggregate Information
We use aggregate information, which does not identify individuals, to monitor customer traffic patterns to the website and particular pages, as well as site usage, in order to help us improve the design and layout of the content.
Who Will Have Access To Your Personal Data?
Your personal data may be transferred to other AstraZeneca group companies. We may also share categories of your personal data listed above with certain service providers or third parties such as: IT providers for the purposes of system development and technical support; auditors and consultants to verify our compliance with external and internal requirements; statutory bodies, law enforcement agencies and litigants, as per a legal reporting requirement or claim; and a successor or business partner to AstraZeneca or to an AstraZeneca group company in the event that it sells, divests or sets up a collaboration/joint venture for all or part of its business.
AstraZeneca does not sell personal data to third parties. We do permit third parties to collect information through our website but only for the purposes described herein and as described in our Cookie Notice.
How do We Store Your Data
AstraZeneca will store your personal data for a number of years in accordance with local laws and the company´s Document Retention Policy. For more information on AstraZeneca's internal Document Retention policy you may go to www.astrazenecapersonaldataretention.com
International Transfer
AstraZeneca entities and third parties may be based anywhere in the world, which could include countries that may not offer the same legal protections for personal data as your country of residence. Irrespective of which country your personal data is transferred to, We would only share your personal data under a strict ‘need to know’ basis and under appropriate contractual restrictions (such as AstraZeneca’s Binding Corporate Rules and EU Standard Contract Clauses). You may request a copy of AstraZeneca’s Binding Corporate Rules and/or AstraZeneca’s EU Standard Contract Clauses by contacting AstraZeneca at privacy@astrazeneca.com.
Binding Corporate Rules
We have ensured compliance with some of Our legal obligations in relation to personal data by creating a set of ‘Binding Corporate Rules’ (BCRs). The BCRs set out AstraZeneca’s data privacy commitments in respect of personal data that is transferred internationally.
You can find out more about these commitments here. The BCRs and any rights arising under them do not apply to personal data originating in the U.S.A.
How We Protect Your Information
We have in place appropriate privacy and security policies which are intended to ensure, as far as reasonably possible, the security and integrity of all Our information, including your personal data.
More information on how AstraZeneca complies with its data privacy obligations can be found in our internal global privacy standards.
What are Your Rights
You may contact AstraZeneca at www.astrazenecapersonaldataretention.com at any time to request information on how We process your personal data, access to the personal data We hold about you, to correct any mistakes or to request deletion of the same or withdraw your consent to certain types of processing of your personal data. If such a request places AstraZeneca or its affiliates in breach of its obligations under applicable laws, regulations or codes of practice, then AstraZeneca may not be able to comply with your request, but you may still be able to request that We block (i.e. right to object) the use of your personal information for further processing. Subject to applicable law, you may also have a right to data portability to another data controller under certain circumstances which would involve the sharing of your data with the controller in an electronic format. Subject to applicable law, you can exercise these rights for free.
AstraZeneca has assigned a data protection officer responsible for overseeing AstraZeneca’s compliance with EU data protection law, which you may contact at privacy@astrazeneca.com in case of any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your personal data. If AstraZeneca’s processing of your personal data is covered by EU law, you can also lodge a complaint with the corresponding data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence. You can find the relevant supervisory authority name and contact details under http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
Opting Out Of Further Communications From Us
If you have elected to receive information about Our products or services, or those of other AstraZeneca companies and wish to opt-out of receiving such information, then you can do so by sending an email to privacyrequests@astrazeneca.com. You should clearly state on all communications: your name, username (if any), registration details (if any) and the name of this website.
Last updated December 2019
© AstraZeneca