https://www.cebm.net/terms-conditions/
Navigate this website
Home
COVID-19 Evidence
Open Evidence Reviews
Blog
Home
COVID-19 Evidence
Open Evidence Reviews
Blog
Terms & Conditions
The CEBM Website (the “Website”) is owned by the University of Oxford (the “University”).
Content
Use of the Website
Privacy
Access
Accounts and passwords
Intellectual property rights
Permission of use of our intellectual property
Submissions to the website
Links
Browsers
Your conduct
Limitation of Liability
Governing Law
Use of the Website
Please read the following Website Terms and Conditions, which relate to information regarding general use of the Website. By using the Website, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions whether as a guest or registered user. By using our site you are indicating you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. From time to time we may change these Terms and Conditions, and will post revisions on the Website. We recommend that you read these Terms and Conditions prior to using the Website and thereafter regularly review any changes and you are responsible for doing so.
If you have purchased a licence, subscription or otherwise entered into an agreement with us (for example as a delegate at a conference) you will also be governed by the terms of that agreement, which shall prevail in the event of a conflict. Online purchases have additional terms and conditions relating to the transaction as indicated on the relevant website.
Privacy
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Access
We try to ensure that Website availability is uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, we cannot, guarantee that your access will not be suspended or restricted from time to time, including to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. We of course try to limit the frequency and duration of any suspension or restriction. Access to the Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend any service we provide on the site without notice. We will not be liable for any reason in the event that the site or any service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users who have registered with it
Accounts and passwords
If you have registered or subscribed to the Website, any user identification code or password must be kept confidential and used only by you (unless agreed in writing with the University and the BMJ Group). We have the right to disable any user identification code or password whether chosen by you or allocated by us at any time if in our option you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. You should notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your identification code or password.
Intellectual property rights
The content, layout, design, data, databases and graphics on the Website are protected by UK and other international intellectual property laws and are owned by the University. Unless expressly permitted in writing in a licence agreement, and other than printing a small proportion of content or displaying this on your screen or both (strictly for your personal, non-commercial use), no part of the Website may be reproduced, stored in any medium, including but not limited to a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, broadcasting) nor shown in public.
You may not create any derivative work or make any other adaptation, without our prior written consent. You must not modify the copies you have displayed or printed in any way and you may not use any illustrations, photographs, videos or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Any permitted use of our material is subject to ensuring that our copyright notices and trade marks appear as they do on all copies online and customary bibliographical citations including author attribution, date article title (where applicable) and the URL to the relevant website are included. If you print off or download any material from the Website in breach of these Terms and Conditions, any rights to use the Website will cease immediately and you must at our option return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. All rights not expressly granted in these terms or any express written licence are reserved.
The trademarks and logos which are displayed on the Website are the trademarks of the University and/or their licensors. Any use including framing, metatags or other text utilising the University’s trademarks or other trademarks displayed, is strictly prohibited withou parties’ (or their licensors’) express written consent.
Image copyright
Images on this site are used with permission or under a royalty-free licence from other IP holders.
Header image:  Photo by Fusion Medical Animation on Unsplash
Permission for use of our intellectual property
Any request for permission of our content or images, or other use of our intellectual property not authorised under a subscription, should be made using the e-mail address cebm@phc.ox.ac.uk
CEBM tools and resources are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Submissions to the Website
Any material you upload to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary (unless otherwise stated on the Website or within our Privacy Policy) and for such content you grant us a transferable, royalty free, worldwide, irrevocable licence to use, copy, distribute, edit, amend, disclose, sub license to third parties and create derivative works in whole or party of any such material for any purpose, in any media. We may remove, edit or amend any such material at any time without notice to you. To the extent moral rights attach to any material to the fullest extent permitted by law these are waived in our favour. All material posted must adhere to the requirements of “Your conduct” below.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to any of our sites constitutes a violation of their rights, including without limitation, their intellectual property rights, reputational rights or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible or liable to any third party for the content and accuracy of any materials posted, transmitted, uploaded or submitted by you, or any other user, to the Website.
Links
Links from the Website
The Website contains links including hyperlinks which may take you outside the Website. Links are provided for your convenience, and an inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval by us of the linked website, its operator or content. We have no control over the contents or functionality of those sites and accept no responsibility for any loss or damages that may arise from your use of them.
Links to the Website
You may link to articles on the Website provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal. You may not provide a link which suggests a form of association, approval or endorsement on our part, unless we have expressly agreed to this in writing.. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. The Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the homepage. We reserve the right to withdraw any linking permission upon notice to you or by amending these terms and conditions
Browsers
Please note: If you are using one of the popular “offline browsers” that allow you to download content from a site and read it later, please be aware that subject to ensuring that this amounts to only a small proportion of content, strictly for your personal non-commercial use, or where this amounts to “fair dealing” we impose one restriction on their use.
Your conduct
You must not use the Website in any way that causes or is likely to cause the Website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way. You understand that you are solely responsible for all electronic communications and contents sent from your computer to us. You must use the Website for lawful purposes only. You must not use the Website for any of the following:
For fraudulent purposes or in connection with a criminal offence or otherwise carry out any unlawful activity
To send, use or re-use any material that is illegal, offensive, abusive, indecent, harmful, defamatory, obscene or menacing racist, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, in breach of confidence, infringes any intellectual property rights, or is otherwise injurious to third parties; or objectionable; or which consists of or contains software viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any spam
To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety
To impersonate any third party or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your content
To reproduce, duplicate, copy or resell any part of our site in contravention with these terms of use or any other agreement with the BMJ Group.
Limitation of Liability
Although we will make every effort to operate the Website with reasonable care and skill, our liability is limited as set out below.
The commentary and other content published on the Website are provided for information only and are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. No responsibility for its accuracy and correctness is assumed by us, and we disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such commentary or content by any user or visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its content.
To the extent permitted by law, we expressly exclude:
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity;
any liability for any indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with the Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of the Website, any website linked to it and any materials posted on it, whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable; and
any liability for loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, loss of goodwill or wasted management or office time, in each case whether direct or indirect and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
Nothing in these terms limits or excludes our liability for (a) death or personal injury resulting from its negligence, (b) any fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or (c) any other liability which, by law, cannot be limited or excluded.
Governing law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, whose courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction, although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these Terms and Conditions in your country of residence or other relevant country.
TweetShareShare
What’s on
View all