http://www.sunriseseniorliving.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Sunrise Senior Living Privacy Policy
Sunrise Senior Living U.S. Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 1/1/2020
Sunrise Senior Living (“Sunrise”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on this website, how we use the information, with whom we share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information. We also describe measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
Information We Collect
Automated Collection of Information
Cookies and Web Beacons
How We Use the Information We Obtain
Third-Party Analytics Services
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
Information We Share
Your Choices
Children’s Privacy
How We Protect Personal Information
Links to Non-Sunrise Sites and Services
California Residents
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Information We Collect
The types of personal information we collect about you may include:
Contact information (such as name, telephone number, postal address and email address);
Zip code, if you submit it to search for a Sunrise community near you;
Information about what care and services may be of interest to you;
If you submit a care questionnaire, information about your interest in our services and facilities, such as the individual for whom you are seeking care and your relationship to that person; level of care and diagnosis; medical history; and areas in which there is a need for assistance.
If you make a volunteer inquiry, information about your volunteer interests;
If you apply for a job, we may collect the following job applicant information:  information contained in your resume, cover letter, transcript, or similar employment-related materials; responses to questions relating to your eligibility to work in your chosen jurisdiction, availability, educational background (including your educational institution, degree, field of study, and, for certain job opportunities, GPA); employment-related information that you publicly post to social media websites such as LinkedIn; username and password, if you create a profile to apply for a job on our website; and optional demographic information; and
Other information you choose to provide, such as through “Contact Us” and other website features.
Automated Collection of Information
When you use this website, we may collect certain information by automated means using technology such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and more. The information we collect in this manner may include your device IP address, unique device identifier, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, clickstream data, and dates and times of website visits.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are files that websites send to your computer to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A web beacon (also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF) links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the website.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
We may use the personal information we obtain about you to:
Provide you with information about services that you request or that may be of interest to you;
Offer promotions or conduct online or offline marketing efforts;
Help you find a Sunrise community near you;
Provide customer support and respond to your inquiries;
Customize your experience, such as by providing personalized information, promotions, or other offers;
If you apply for a job, we may use the job applicant information listed above to evaluate your qualifications and suitability for the desired position and to process and respond to your application, consider you for future job opportunities, or meet legal or compliance requirements (and we may also use optional demographic information on an aggregated basis for the purpose of supporting our employment equity and diversity initiatives and better understanding our applicants);
Assess and respond to your inquiry into becoming a volunteer or partner;
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including managing the website, developing new services; enhancing and improving our services; managing our communications; analyzing our services and customer base; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Maintain internal record keeping, administration, and tracking;
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards and Sunrise policies and terms, including our online
Terms.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Third-Party Analytics Services
We may use third party analytics services on the website, such as Google Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs to help us analyze your use of the website. The information collected through these means (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics providers, and other relevant third parties who use the information to evaluate use of the website. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en or
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en.
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
On our Site, we and third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising and products and services tailored to your interests.  This section of our Privacy Policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see certain ads on other websites because we engage third-party ad services (e.g., Facebook, Google Ads, TradeDesk). Through such ad services, we can retarget our messaging to users of our website on other webpages and applications through interest-based and contextual means. These services track your online activities over time and across multiple websites by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies, web server logs and web beacons. The ad services use this information to show you ads that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad services may collect on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites that serve Sunrise ads, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our website and on third-party websites that participate in these ad services. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in the U.S.,
click here.
Our websites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
Information We Share
We may share personal information we collect on the website at your request.  We may share your personal information with our affiliates, and with our business partners, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  We also may share personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation).
Unsubscribe from marketing emails
To unsubscribe from marketing emails, click the “unsubscribe” link found in our marketing email messages.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the website. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on the site, we will delete the information from our records.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use.
Links to Non-Sunrise Sites and Services
For your convenience and information, the website may provide links to or plug-ins of non-Sunrise websites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with Sunrise. The privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-Sunrise websites, apps or services.
California Residents
If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the section of this Privacy Policy called “California Consumer Privacy Statement.”
https://www.sunriseseniorliving.com/privacy-policy-ccpa.aspx
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. For significant changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our website indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.