http://www.teenhealthfx.com/legal.html
TeenHealthFX
Resources
State & National Resources
+-
Human Trafficking
Mental Health Resources
Sexual Health Resources
Substance Abuse Resources
Violence Resources
National Abuse & Violence Resources
Eating Disorder Resources
Homeless & Runaway Resources
National Human Trafficking Resources
LGBTQ Resources
National Mental Health Resources
Pregnancy Resources
National Sexual Health Resources
National Substance Abuse Resources
National Suicide & Self-Harm Resources
Local Resources
+-
Hudson County Resources
Bergen County Resources
Essex County Resources
Hunterdon County Resources
Middlesex County Resources
Morris County Resources
Passiac County Resources
Somerset County Resources
Sussex County Resources
Union County Resources
Warren County Resources
Websites for Teens
+-
Local Resources
Eating Disorders Websites
General Teen Issues Websites
Mental Health Websites
Nutrition, Fitness & Body Image Websites
Quitting Vaping & Smoking Websites
Sexuality & Sexual Health Websites
Skin Problems Websites
Substance Abuse Websites
Bullying & Violence Websites
Emergency Help!
FX Answers
Emotional Health
+-
ADD/ADHD
Anger
Bipolar Disorder & Extreme Moods
Bullying And Teen Violence
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Cutting
Dating Violence & Date Rape
Death & Dying
Depression
Eating Disorders
Family Abuse And Violence
Helping Friends And Loved Ones With Their Emotional Issues
Helping Friends/Loved Ones Who Are Suicidal Or In Abusive Situations
Other Emotional Health Issues
Psychosis & Psychotic Disorders
Questions About Therapy/Concerns About Therapists
Self-Confidence & Self-Esteem Issues
Sexual Assault & Rape
Stress
Suicide
Worries, Fears and Anxiety Disorders
General
+-
Career Paths And Working
Education, Academics and School Issues
For Teens, By Teens
General:
Miscellaneous
How TFX Has Affected Our Readers
Laws & Policies
The Inner Workings Of TeenHealthFX
Health & Illness
+-
Aches & Pains
Acne & Scarring
Cancer
COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
Diabetes And Blood Sugar Issues
Diseases, Conditions & Concerns
Dizziness And Fainting
Doctor Visits, Medical Procedures and Medical Insurance
Ear, Nose And Throat
Eye Issues
Feces, Poop & Butt Issues
Hairy Situations:
Too Much, Too Little & Shaving
Hands And Feet
Lumps, Bumps & Cuts
Mouth And Teeth
Name That Symptom
Other Skin Conditions: Moles, Birthmarks, Dryness, Etc.
Parasitic Diseases
Pee & Urine Issues - Pain, Bed-Wetting, Amount & Frequency
Piercings And Tattoos
Respiratory Illnesses And Issues
Sleep Issues And Fatigue
Stomach Issues & Nausea
Stretch Marks And Such
The Heart, High Cholesterol, and Blood Circulation Issues
Vaccinations
Weight And Growth Issues
Relationships
+-
Concerned About A Friend / Concerned About A Friend's Influence On Me
Dealing With Divorce, Step-Parents and Step-Siblings
Difficulties In Making Friends & Not Enough Time With Friends
Friends
Friendships: Dealing With People's Differences
ME & Relationships
More Than Friends Or Just Friends
Not Satisfied With Being Single
Sexting & Online Relationships
Parents & Family
Questionable Relationships
Same-Sex Relationships
Sibling Issues
Significant Others:
Girlfriends & Boyfriends
When Crushes Or Dating Gets Between Friends
When Friends Are Hurtful Or Cruel
When Single Parents Date
Sexuality & Sexual Health
+-
Birth Control Methods: Birth Control Pills
Birth Control Methods: Condoms
Birth Control Methods: Emergency Contraception Pill
Breasts & Bras
Breasts & Nipples: Health Questions & Concerns
Breasts: They Come In All Shapes & Sizes
Female Body Concerns
Female Puberty Issues
Females: Pain/Burning During Or After Penetration
Females: Your Period
Male Body Concerns
Male Puberty Issues
Masturbation
Oral & Anal Sex
Other Birth Control Method Questions And Concerns
Penis Size
Penis & Testicle Concerns
Pregnancy: Could I Be Pregnant?
Pregnancy: General Pregnancy And Pregnancy Prevention Questions/Concerns
Pregnancy: I Know I'm Pregnant
Pregnancy: Questions/Concerns About Becoming A Parent
Pubic Hair
Sex Definitions
Sexuality: Gay, Straight & Bisexual
Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Vaginal Discharge, Infections, & Odors and Douching
Visiting The Doctor
Sports & Nutrition
+-
Being A Vegetarian
Body Weight - What's Normal?
Eating Healthy
Exercise & Sports
Growth & Development
Healthy Ways Of Losing And Gaining Weight
Managing Sports & Medical Conditions
Problematic Eating Habits
Questions On Vitamins, Nutrients, Additives And Specific Foods
Sports & Nutrition: Miscellaneous
Sports Related Aches, Pains & Injuries
Spot Reducing & Increasing
Stunted Growth Concerns
Supplements & Performance Enhancers
Underweight/Overweight: Affecting Your Mind And body
What You Should Know About Diet Aides And Certain Diet Tactics
Alcohol, Smoking & Drugs
+-
Alcohol
Caffeine & Energy Boosting Drugs
Ecstasy
Heroin
Inhalants
Marijuana
Miscellaneous
Over The Counter & Prescription Drugs
Smoking & Nicotine
Steroids
Stimulants: Cocaine & Meth
Using Multiple Drugs & Comparing Drugs
When Friends & Family Use & Abuse
Vaping
Need to Know
+-
Could I Be Pregnant?
How Soon Can You Test For STDs?
Flu or COVID-19
Understanding Puberty: Girl's Edition
Understanding Puberty: Boy's Edition
In The News
+-
CDC COVID-19 Updates
Benefits of Eating Breakfast Before School
Teen Collects 10k Masks for Those In Need!
COVID-19: How Teens Can Protect Their Mental Health
Trivia!
Who We Are
Have a Question?
+-
Adolescent/Young Adult Center for Health
Home
FX Answers
Who We Are
Resources
Emergency Help!
Have a Question?
Home
Resources
Emergency Help!
FX Answers
Who We Are
Find Answers
Alcohol, Smoking & Drugs
Emotional Health
General
Health & Illness
Relationships
Sexuality & Sexual Health
Sports & Nutrition
Hot Topics
Resource of the Month
Careers in Healthcare
TeenHealthFX Lesson Plans & Instructional Tools
Take a Quiz
For Teens by Teens
Home
Legal
Atlantic Health System provides the TeenHealthFX.com Web site as an online resource for teens to answer their questions regarding health, relationships, their body and their sexuality. This information is intended for users 12 - 21 years old. By visiting TeenHealthFX.com, you agree with the following "Terms of Use." The "Terms of Use" may be changed at any time. It will be updated as changes are made so it is important that you come back and read this agreement from time to time.
TeenHealthFX is committed to providing honest, accurate health information about your health, relationships, your body and your sexuality. As always we want you to, and encourage you to talk about all of your concerns with a trusted adult (parent, doctor, school nurse, counselor, teacher or other family member).
If you are having a medical or emotional emergency or if you are in danger of hurting yourself or others, seek immediate help by calling 911 or your local crisis center or The HopeLine at (877) 235-4525 ,
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline you can call or text 1-800-273-8255
Terms of Use
The TeenHealthFX.com Web site is designed for users 12 - 21 years old.
The information on the TeenHealthFX.com site is not a substitute for medical, psychological, legal or other professional advice. The information is intended to give the user general information about the subject area. The information on the site, or any site to which it links, is not medical advice and should never be used as a substitute for professional medical care or as the basis for diagnosing or treating and medical or psychological condition. TeenHealthFX recommends that you use this information to help you access medical, mental health, and other support services. If you have a medical question or concern, please contact your doctor. To find confidential care (for family planning and sexual health reasons), please call your local Planned Parenthood or in northern New Jersey, please call the Adolescent/Young Adult Center For Health at (973) 971-5199.
If you ask TeenHealthFX to contact you and give us your email address or telephone number, TeenHealthFX will not email you back or contact you in any way. However, TeenHealthFX may take steps to identify you if a question is submitted that contains specific information in regards to suicidal, homicidal, or terroristic threats. If you need an answer to a question or need medical or psychological help, please contact your doctor. If you are having a medical or emotional emergency or if you are in danger of hurting yourself or others, seek immediate help by calling 911 or your local crisis center or The HopeLine at (877) 235-4525. TeenhealthFX.com will never sell or distribute your e-mail address to anyone else. All of the information submitted to TeenHealthFX.com is owned and managed by Atlantic Health System.
Information submitted through the website is not confidential. Questions that are answered by TeenHealthFX will be posted to the website for public view. However, any personal information included as part of a submitted question will be deleted before a question is posted to TeenHealthFX.com. Personal information includes name, date of birth, home address, email address, social media handles or any other types of identifying information.
TeenHealthFX.com and Atlantic Health System expressly disclaim any responsibility or any risk for your use of the Web site. The TeenHealthFX.com web site contains links to other sites, providers and third parties. However, a link to another site, the provision of a phone number, provider or third party, does not mean that TeenHealthFX.com or Atlantic Health System endorses the site, the third party or other provider. We expressly disclaim any responsibility for your use of these sites, their content or privacy practices. Please refer to the individual sites for their "Terms of Use" and/or privacy statements.
While reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information presented on this site, you are advised that TeenHealthFX.com and Atlantic Health System expressly disclaim any and all responsibility for the accuracy of the information contained on this site or to any site to which it links. TeenHealthFX.com and Atlantic Health System also expressly disclaim any responsibility for any diagnosis, treatment, decision, action or inaction taken in response to the information that is presented on this site or to any site to which it links. This disclaimer of liability is intended to be as broad and inclusive as permitted by law and shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
The TeenHealthFX.com Web site is protected by the copyright of Atlantic Health System. All rights reserved. The materials presented on the Web site may be downloaded and/or printed so long as each copy indicates the appropriate copyright notice and is used only for PERSONAL USE.
Please note that the staff of TeenHealthFX.com reads all questions submitted, however, not all questions will be answered. Questions are answered at the discretion of TeenHealthFX.com. If you need an answer to a question or need medical or psychological help, please contact your doctor. If you are having a medical or emotional emergency or if you are in danger of hurting yourself or others, seek immediate help by calling 911 or your local crisis center or The HopeLine at (877) 235-4525.
The TeenHealthFX.com staff work diligently to make sure the content of the web site is accurate. However, TeenHealthFX.com and Atlantic Health System expressly disclaim any responsibility for any errors or omissions or for unintended technical inaccuracies or typographical errors in the materials.
If you have any questions or comments about the "Terms of Use" outlined above, please contact us at:TeenHealthFX.com
Atlantic Health System
100 Madison Avenue, Box 29
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 971-7402
Or click here to provide feedback!
70% of youth in juvenile justice systems have at least one mental health condition 6
33% of adolescents in America are victim to sexual, physical, verbal, or emotional dating abuse. 18
Nearly two in five 12th graders report using some kind of vaping device in the past year. 7
1 in 4 teens contract a sexually transmitted disease every year. 11
In 2017, persons aged 15–24 years represented 62.6% of all chlamydia cases. 10
More than 130 Americans die everyday from an opioid overdose. 9
In the next 24 hours, 1,439 teens will attempt suicide. 14
In the next 24 hours, 2,795 teenage girls will become pregnant 12
Only 50.6% of U.S. youth aged 6-17 with a mental health disorder received treatment in the last year. 8
90% of daily tobacco users begin by age 18 13
Many teens reported feeling overwhelmed (31%) and depressed or sad (30%) as a result of stress. 16
37.3 percent of 12th graders reported vaping in the past 12 months 15
Two-thirds of those who developed alcohol or substance use disorders have had a mental health disorder. 17
In 2016, 56 percent of deaths among passenger vehicle occupants ages 16-19 were drivers 22
21% of all new HIV diagnoses in the U.S. are among people aged 13-24 years old, most of those being 20-24. 19
59% of all students in grades 9 to 12 indicated that they had not yet had sex. 21
1 in 3 young people will be in an abusive or unhealthy relationship 23
50% of young people who experience rape or physical or sexual abuse will attempt to commit suicide 24
There was a 78% increase in e-cigarette use between 2017 and 2018. 2
1 in 6 U.S. youth aged 6-17 experience a mental health disorder each year. 1
Suicide is the second leading cause of death for youth ages 12-18.  3
Young people aged 15–24 years acquire half of all new STDs 4
In 2017, 5455 teenagers died from an overdose 5
44.88% of teens feel stressed “all the time.” 25
59% of U.S. teens have personally experienced at least one type of abusive online behaviors. 26
In 2017 2,734 teenagers (ages 13-19) died in the United States from crash injuries. 27
Roughly 40% of teenagers will try drugs at least once, which means 60% will not. 28
The average 12th grader spends approximately 2 hours per day texting. 29
feedback
legal
privacy
Copyright 2020 Atlantic Health System