http://www.musictherapy.org/privacy_policy/
American Music Therapy Association
Home
Contact
News
Help/FAQ
Members Only Login
Social Networking
About Music Therapy
& AMTA
What is Music Therapy?
Definition and Quotes about Music Therapy
Frequently Asked Questions
Music Therapy with Specific Populations
Learning about Music Therapy
Personal Stories
History of Music Therapy
Music Therapy Around the World and on the Web
Music Therapy in the Media
Who are Music Therapists?
Find a Music Therapist
Scope of Music Therapy Practice
Professional Requirements for Music Therapists
AMTA Standards of Practice
AMTA Code of Ethics
AMTA Professional Competencies
What is AMTA?
What is the American Music Therapy Association
AMTA Regions and Student Organizations
AMTA Organizational Members
AMTA Annual Report
AMTA Committees
Disaster Response
AMTA Summarized Financial Information
AMTA Strategic Plan
AMTA Archives
Membership in AMTA
Join AMTA/Renew Membership
Benefits of Membership in AMTA
What People are Saying about AMTA
AMTA Membership Categories
Paying Membership in Installments
Welcome to the Profession Intern Packets
Membership Support Options
AMTA Organizational Members
Support Music Therapy
Artist Support of Music Therapy
Disaster Response
Grant & Donor Support
Advertising with AMTA
Sponsoring AMTA Events
Publish with AMTA
Donate
AMTA Organizational Members
Education
& Careers
A Career in Music Therapy
Schools Offering Music Therapy
Education and Clinical Training Information
Info for Becoming a Music Therapist
Info for Schools & Internship Sites
ETAB News
21st Century ED & CT Commission
National Roster Internship Sites
Welcome to the Profession Intern Packets
Find a Job in Music Therapy
Advertise a Job in Music Therapy
Scholarship Opportunities for AMTA Members
Continuing Music Therapy Education
Research
Music Therapy Journals & Publications
Selected Bibliographies
Researching Music Therapy
AMTA Research Committee
Strategic Priority on Research
Overview
Current Research Initiatives (MTR2025)
Research Priority Member Resources
Arthur Flagler Fultz Research Award from AMTA
Policy
& Advocacy
Advocacy Basics
Federal Advocacy
Federal Advocacy - for members
State Advocacy
State Advocacy - for members
AMTA Government Relations Team
Coalitions & Partnerships
Coalitions & Partnerships - for members
Advocacy Events
Advocacy Events - for members
Find My Legislators
Events
All Events
AMTA Annual Conference
Advocacy Events
Advocacy Events - for members
Special Events & Media
Music Therapy in the Media
AMTA National Initiative for Continuing Education
Bookstore
Purchase AMTA Products & Publications
Advertising in AMTA Publications
Sponsoring AMTA Events
Publish with AMTA
Join AMTA/Renew Membership
Donate
Visit the Bookstore
Member
Resources
Membership in AMTA
Join AMTA/Renew Membership
Benefits of Membership
What People are Saying about AMTA
AMTA Membership Categories
Paying Membership in Installments
Welcome to the Profession Intern Packets
Membership Support Options
AMTA Organizational Members
Job Center
Resumes and Writing
Interviews
Job Development
Reimbursement
Resources and Links
Job Hunting Realities
Networking
Job Hotline
Scholarships for AMTA Members
Scholarship Application Form
Scholarship Nomination Form
Official Documents
Scope of Music Therapy Practice
Code of Ethics
Standards of Practice
Professional Competencies
Standards for Education and Clinical Training
AMTA Bylaws
Non-Discrimination Policy
Anti-Harassment Policy
Judicial Review Board Procedures
Special Advisories
Standing Councils & Committees Handbook
Advanced Competencies
National Roster Internship Guidelines
AMTA Officials
News from AMTA Committees and Boards
Board of Directors
Academic Program Approval Committee
Interprofessional Collaborative Resources
Assembly of Delegates
Association Internship Approval Committee
Clinical Practice Networking Committee
Continuing Education Committee
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee
Education and Training Advisory Board
Ethics Board
Government Relations Committee
International Relations Committee
Membership Committee
Professional Advocacy Committee
Reimbursement Committee
Research Committee
Standards of Clinical Practice Committee
Student Affairs Advisory Board
Technology Committee
Workforce Development & Retention Committee
Member Toolkit
Reimbursement
Online Publications & Podcasts
Music Therapy Matters
AMTA-Pro Podcasts
Imagine - Early Childhood Magazine
Listservs and E-Newsletters
Workforce Analysis
AMTA Annual Report
AMTA Member Recognition Program
Awards
Nomination Guidelines
Continuing Music Therapy Education
Home>Privacy Policy
Print
Email
Share
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Statement
The American Music Therapy Association is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the AMTA website and governs data collection and usage. By using the AMTA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
AMTA collects personally identifiable information from our members and from individuals purchasing items from the AMTA online store. These data include elements such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address, and telephone number(s). AMTA may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, and preferences.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by AMTA for the operation of our member services, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AMTA website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through AMTA public message boards (including links to social network sites such as Twitter
and Facebook
), this information may be collected and used by others. Note: AMTA does not read any of your private online communications.
Members of AMTA are advised that our vendor for the association’s database does not allow for suppression of individual fields in your primary address. You primary address is used in the online directory as well as for delivery of mail correspondence including the association journals. You may enter more than one address in your online record; please be advised that the address marked "primary" is the one used for the online directory.
Therefore, if you do not want your primary address, telephone, and/or email address available in the public online directory to "Find a Music Therapist," you are advised to update your preferences. You may keep your name, primary address, and contact information from appearing online by checking the "Do Not Publish Online" box in your online record. You can do this by logging into the Member Only/My Account area of the website or by contacting AMTA directly.
If you would like to provide your phone number to AMTA, but do not want it listed online, you can request that your phone number be marked as unlisted by contacting the AMTA national office directly.
AMTA encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to/from AMTA so that you understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. AMTA is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the AMTA website.
Use of your Personal Information
AMTA collects and uses your personal information to operate certain functions of the AMTA website and deliver the services and member benefits you have requested. AMTA also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from AMTA and its affiliates. AMTA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or potential new services that may be offered.
AMTA may, from time to time, provide lists to external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to a third party.
Vendors purchasing AMTA lists may not reuse or share that information with others.
In addition, AMTA may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you member-specific email or postal mail, or provide customer support. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide specific services to AMTA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
AMTA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as income - collected as part of the annual statistical profile of members, without your explicit consent and/or informing you how these data are used and aggregated.
Data are reported in aggregate form only and not personally identifiable.
AMTA keeps track of frequently used pages within the website in order to determine what AMTA services are the most popular and improve our services in accordance with the mission of AMTA.
AMTA will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AMTA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AMTA; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AMTA, or the public.
Use of Cookies
This website does not use cookies to monitor browsing preferences. Depending on your preset Internet browser settings, files may be stored on your computer to remember history, password preferences and for quicker browsing. For our members who log into the member only area, this website temporarily stores and displays your name.
Security of your Personal Information
AMTA secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. AMTA secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
AMTA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect any website services upgrades, Association and customer feedback. AMTA encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AMTA is protecting your information.
Contact Information
AMTA welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that AMTA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AMTA directly at 301-589-3300. We will use reasonable and feasible means to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Copyright © 1998-2020.
American Music Therapy Association® and its logo are registered trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark office. Information, files, graphics, and other content on this site are the property of the American Music Therapy Association® and may not be used, reprinted or copied without the express written permission of the American Music Therapy Association.
The American Music Therapy Association® is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization and accepts contributions which support its mission. Contributions are tax deductible as allowed by law.
Site MapPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions Contact Us
8455 Colesville Road, Suite 1000,
Silver Spring MD 20910
Phone: 301.589.3300
Fax: 301.589.5175