http://www.helenperkins.com/privacy/
Complementary Health Therapies
Therapist • Trainer • Speaker
Tel. 01733 555476
Helen Mary Perkins
Home
News
About Us
Therapist
Trainer
Speaker
Bowen Supplies
Training Courses
The Reflex Resonance Technique™
The Bowen Technique
Introduction to the Bowen Technique
Bowen Therapy and Palliative Care
Your Intuitive Self
Training Dates
Contact Us
> Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and cookies
This privacy policy
sets out how Helen Perkins uses and protects any information that you
provide when you use this website. We respect the privacy of every individual
who visits our site or communicates with us.
Helen Perkins
is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to
provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this
website you can be assured it will only be used in accordance with this privacy
policy. Helen Perkins may change this policy from time to time by
updating this page. You should frequently check this page to ensure you are
happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 1st 2012.
What we
collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do
with the information we gather
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better
service, in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
To improve our website, products and services
To periodically send emails about new products, special offers or
news which we think you may find interesting
We may also use your information to contact you for market research
purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or letter.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your
interests
Serve relevant adverts while visiting reputable third party website
We will not sell,
distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have
your permission or are required by law to do so. We may pass your personal
details to reputable third parties who will help us to process your order. We
require that all such third parties treat your data confidentially and to
comply with all applicable UK
data protection and consumer legislation in place.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
How we use
cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a string of information that is transferred to the browser on
your computer so the website can remember who you are. Please note that cookies
do not store personal data.  We use cookies
for the following reasons:
Provide an improved website experience
Track the performance of marketing activity
Understand users behaviour on our website
The below is a list of
the current cookies that we use:-
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
utma
utmb
utmc
utmz
These cookies are used to collect information
about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports
and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an
anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, from where they
have come and the pages they visit
We use traffic log
cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data
about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to
customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes
and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help
us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you
find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share
with us. You can choose to
accept or decline cookies. By declining cookies it may prevent you from taking
full advantage of the website.
Links to
other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you
have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have
any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for
the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting
such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You
should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the
website in question.
Competitions
When entering a competition or a prize draw it will be necessary to gain the
following information; name, email address and mailing list. If you win you
will be notified by email within 28 days of close of competition unless
otherwise stated. By entering the competition you will automatically be entered
onto our mailing list. You may unsubscribe from the mailing list at anytime by
clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each promotional email.
Unsubscribing
from the mailing list
You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by clicking the
unsubscribe link which can be found at the bottom of all promotional emails, or
by writing to us at the address below:
Helen Perkins
185 Mayors
Walk
Peterborough
PE3 6HE
United Kingdom
If you believe that any
information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or
email info@helenperkins.com and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact Us
If you have any queries or comments regarding our privacy policy please email
us at info@helenperkins.com or call us on +
44 (0)1733 555476.
Home | News | About Us | Training Courses |
Workshop dates | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
Bowen Supplies by Helen
© Copyright Helen Mary Perkins 2012