http://www.endocrinesurgeon.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy
Friday, December 11, 2020
Home
Endocrine Conditions
Thyroid
Parathyroid
Adrenals
Pancreas
Pituitary
Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia (MEN)
Carcinoid Syndrome
Pineal Gland and Melatonin
Osteoporosis
Anaesthetics
Erectile dysfunction
Miscellaneous
Diagnostic Tests
Medical Index
Latest News
About Us
Mr John Lynn
Surgical Approach
Endocrine Surgery Centre
Referrals
Fees
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy when we deal with your personal information. The following privacy notice gives you details on the information we collect about you, how we protect and use it, and your rights. If you have any questions about how we use your information, please e-mail us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
These headings are bookmarks to relevant topics further down the page. Click on one to jump to that topic.
THE TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT
PROVIDING PERSONAL DATA
MONITORING COMMUNICATIONS
PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
SHARING PERSONAL DATA
PRIVATE HEALTHCARE INFORMATION NETWORK
SHARING DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA RETENTION
YOUR RIGHTS
COOKIES
CONTENT MANAGEMENT
DOWNLOADS
WEBSITE CONTENTS
WEBSITE SECURITY
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
WEBSITE AVAILABILITY
TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND USE
We will use your personal data for the reasons set out below. We will collect most of this directly during the registration but there may be sources of personal data collected indirectly as set out later in this policy. The personal data we use may include:
Your name, address (in the UK and/or overseas) and contact details, including email address and home and mobile telephone numbers, date of birth and gender, copy of your passport or driving licence
Your previous and current medical health records whether provided by other third parties (including medical reports, test results, images of your previous scans, x-rays, etc)
The terms and conditions of your contract with us for the provision of healthcare and related services
The financial information of the company or individual who is responsible for the payment of invoices/bills relating to your care (e.g. insurer or sponsor)
Information about your marital status, next of kin, dependants nominated and/or emergency contacts
Information about medical or health conditions, including whether or not you have a disability for which the organisation needs to make reasonable adjustments
Information about medical or health conditions of your family
We may collect these information in a variety of ways. For example, data might be collected through Registration forms; obtained from your passport or other identity documents such as your driving licence; from pre-admission forms, from correspondence with you; through interviews, meetings or other assessments.
In some cases, the organisation may collect personal data about you from third parties, such as insurer providers, referrals by other consultants, sponsors, checks permitted by law.
PROVIDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will tell you if providing some personal data is optional, including if we ask for your consent to process it. In all other cases, we need you to provide your personal data so we can provide care and treatment and receive payment for these services.
MONITORING OF COMMUNICATIONS
Subject to applicable laws, we may monitor and record emails, text messages, social media messages and other communications in relation to our dealings with you. We will do this to ensure an appropriate standard of care, for regulatory compliance, self-regulatory practices, crime prevention and detection, to protect the security of our communications networks and systems, to check for unlawful content, obscene or profane content, for quality control and staff training, and when we need to see a record of what has been said. We may also monitor activities on our network and systems where necessary for these reasons and this is for our legitimate interests or other legal obligations.
USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND THE LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We will process your personal data under Article 6 (1); Article 9 (2) of the General Data Protection Regulations:
To support the provision of your healthcare
To decide how best to provide treatment to you
As necessary to support the healthcare contract with you and to allow us to receive [full] payment for those services
To take steps at your request during the course of your treatment
To keep your records up-to-date
We will process your personal data under Article 6 (1) f of the General Data Protection Regulations:
As necessary for our own legitimate interests or those of other persons and organisations, e.g.:
For good governance, accounting, and managing and auditing our clinical and business operations
To monitor emails, other communications, and activities on our networks and systems
As necessary to comply with a legal obligation:
When you exercise your rights under Data Protection Laws and make requests
For compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and related disclosures
For establishment and defence of legal rights
For activities relating to the prevention, detection and investigation of crime
To verify your identity, make credit fraud prevention and anti-money laundering checks; and
To investigate complaints, legal claims and data protection or clinical incidents.
Based on your consent:
If you ask us to disclose your personal data to other people or organisations such as a company handling a claim on your behalf; or otherwise agree to disclosures;
When we process any special categories of personal data about you at your request (genetic data, biometric data, data concerning your health, sex life).
You are free at any time to change your mind and withdraw your consent. The consequence might be that we cannot continue to provide full healthcare services to you.
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Subject to applicable data protection laws we may share your personal data with:
Consultants/doctors and other healthcare professionals who provide treatment to you at our facilities
Other healthcare providers where we feel this will enhance the quality of your care
Sub-contractors and other persons who help us to provide healthcare products and services to you
Companies and other persons providing services to you as part of your extended care;
Our legal and other professional advisors, including our auditors
Fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies, and debt collection agencies
Government bodies and agencies in the UK and overseas (e.g. the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Courts, to comply with legal requirements, and for the administration of justice
In an emergency or to otherwise protect your vital interests
To protect the security or integrity of our business operations and other patients
When we restructure or sell our business or its assets or have a merger or re-organisation
Payment systems and providers; and
Anyone else where we have your consent or as required by law
Your date of birth together with your surgery details (date, name of organisation where your surgery has been carried out and type of surgery) with BAETS
Sharing of your personal data to contribute to the review and publishing of information about the quality and cost of privately funded healthcare
PRIVATE HEALTHCARE INFORMATION NETWORK
Subject to applicable data protection laws we are required to provide outcome information for patients who are considering treatment to the Private Healthcare Information Network (PHIN), which publishes information on the quality and cost of privately funded healthcare.
PHIN’s goal is to help patients make more informed choices about where to go for treatment.
We will not supply your name, date of birth, or full address to PHIN. PHIN is only concerned with understanding the treatment that hospitals and doctors provide, whether that treatment was safe and effective, and whether there were any complications.
Any processing of personal data shall be made in accordance with the Data Protection Laws.
Publication will be made via the PHIN website in a format that will allow patients requiring hospital treatment and their doctors to search for local private hospitals by procedure and to compare how they perform in terms of quality and safety based on treatment data. Individuals are then able to make informed choices; which consultant to see, which treatment option to follow, and at which hospital to be treated. This information will not be in a form where individuals can be identified.
We will ensure all the information it holds is kept safe and confidential.
You have the option to withhold your personal information, in which case we will only share an anonymised record of your treatment to PHIN, but will not provide your NHS Number (or equivalent) or postcode.
If you tell us that you are not happy for us to pass on your Postcode to PHIN we will indicate this on your Registration Form.
If you subsequently change your mind, please contact using the e-mail given above.
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES AND MARKETING PURPOSES
Subject to applicable data protection laws and your explicit written consent we may share your personal data for the purpose of scientific research.
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR MARKETING PURPOSES
We will NOT use your contact details to send you newsletters and other information on new Facilities, services and treatments which we think may be of interest to you. We will NOT sell your personal data to a third party.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal data may be transferred outside the UK and the European Economic Area. While some countries have adequate protections for personal data under applicable laws, in other countries steps will be necessary to ensure appropriate safeguards apply to it. These include imposing contractual obligations of adequacy or requiring the recipient to subscribe or be certified with an 'international framework' of protection.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
Information will be kept in in accordance with the retention periods outlined in the Information Governance Alliance (IGA) Records Management Code of Practice for Health and Social Care (2016). Information may be held for longer periods where the following apply:
Retention in case of queries. We will retain your personal data as long as necessary to deal with any queries you may have
Retention in case of claims. We will retain your personal data for as long as you might legally bring claims against us
Retention in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. We will retain your persona l data after you have received healthcare services at our facilities based on our legal and regulatory requirements.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER APPLICABLE DATA PROTECTION LAW
Your rights are as follows (noting that these rights do not apply in all circumstances):
The right to be informed about processing of your personal data
The right to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal data completed
The right to object to processing of your personal data
The right to restrict processing of your personal data
The right to have your personal data erased (the 'right to be forgotten')
The right to request access to your personal data and information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal data ('data portability')
Rights in relation to automated decision making including profiling
You may exercise these rights by e-mailing us via
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
You have the right to complain to Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which can be found at https://ico.urg.uk/. It has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection law.
Your Personal Data is data which by itself or with other data available to our clinic can be used to identify you as an individual. Mr John Lynn’s clinic is the data controller. This privacy notice sets out how we will use your personal data. You can contact us on
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
or at 9 Harley Street, London, W1G if you have any questions.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
Our website (www.endocrinesurgeon.co.uk) does not use cookies and/or collect any data about you, this website has been created for your benefit only to give you a better understanding about your health and treatment.
CONTENT MANAGEMENT AND RESPONSIBILITY
Mr John Lynn’s clinic and the hosts of the above website, accept no responsibility for, and exclude all liability in connection with browsing this website, use of information on this website and downloading any material from it, including, but not limited to, any liability for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or misleading or defamatory statements.
DOWNLOADS
Although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that files are free of defects and viruses, there are no guarantees that they are free from defects or computer viruses. Therefore, no warranty or guarantee is given by Mr John Lynn’s clinic, regarding files downloaded or accessed through our website or through a link accessed via our website.
WEBSITE CONTENTS
This website is intended to be freely available on the World Wide Web. Whilst we hope you find this website interesting and informative, the contents are for general information only. We believe the contents to be true and accurate as at the date of writing, but can give no assurances or warranties regarding the accuracy, currency or applicability of any of this website's contents. As such, the contents of this website should not be relied upon. In addition, none of the content of this website will form any contract between us and any user of the website, nor constitute any offer by us. The use of and access to pages of our website is subject to the foregoing disclaimer, and the terms and conditions set out below. By using or accessing this website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
We shall not be liable for any loss or damage howsoever arising in connection with the content of the website. We do not guarantee that the website will be error-free, omission-free, uninterrupted or without delay.
WEBSITE SECURITY
Whilst we make all reasonable attempts to exclude viruses from the website, we cannot guarantee that the website will be virus free and accept no liability in the unlikely event that the website is not virus free.
Users are recommended to take appropriate safeguards before downloading information from this website.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting, to and from, the website any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, and pornographic or other material which would violate any law.
Unless otherwise specified, the materials on this website are directed solely at those who access this website for treatment in the United Kingdom mainland. We make no representation that any information, product or services referred to in the materials on this website are appropriate for use, or available, in other locations. Those who choose to access this website from other locations are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
WEBSITE AVAILABILITY
Although the website has been tested and should work correctly under normal circumstances, there are many factors both within and outside of the control of us, which may prevent the website from being available. No responsibility is accepted by us for any losses howsoever caused that may arise from an inability to access or to access resources through its website. If you find any errors within our website, including links that do not work, pages linked to the wrong document and out of date information, please e-mail to
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
Scroll To Top
Privacy Policy
| Accessibility
| Disclaimer
| Login
| Thyroid, Parathyroid, Adrenals, Endocrine Surgery Site Map