https://www.medicalpharmacies.com/privacy/
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY – Medical Pharmacies
Last Updated: July 20, 2020.
Medical Pharmacies Group Limited (“Medical Pharmacies”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the way we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your personal information on our website at www.medicalpharmacies.com (the “Website”), and through our Specialty Pharmacy and other services (collectively, the “Services”).
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND WHY?
We collect and use your personal information for the purposes identified below.
Pharmacy Services: As a pharmacy partner to healthcare providers, administration clinics, hospitals and other care institutions, we facilitate the ordering, delivery, administration and reimbursement of specialty and conventional drug therapies. In order to carry out these Services, we may collect your first and last name, email address, home address, prescription information, and telephone number. When we provide you with such services, we may share your personal information with your healthcare providers (which may also be referred to as your “circle of care”).  We may also share it with others but only with your consent or as otherwise permitted by law. For example, we may share prescription information with designated individuals (e.g. parents, caregivers) who have authority to do so.  All such sharing is done in a manner consistent with this policy. We may also share personal information as permitted or required by law (for example, if you fill a prescription order in one of our pharmacies, the pharmacy may share personal information with your provincial drug benefit program or private health insurance provider as necessary in order to process your claim).
Client Resource Centre: If you are a client of ours, you will be provided with access to our online Resource Centre located at https://www.medicalpharmacies.com/ltcRepository/. To login to take advantage of these resources, you will be asked to provide your user name and password assigned to you upon becoming a client of Medical Pharmacies.
Booking a Meeting: If you would like to book a meeting with us to learn more about our Services, you can do so by completing an online form on our Website. You will be asked to provide your name, email address, company name, and telephone number, which helps us to connect you with an appropriate contact at Medical Pharmacies depending on your interests and location.
Virtual Care: We may collect personal health information from you via video and/or audio technologies to allow us to provide the Services (e.g. to provide healthcare to you or obtain payment from you and/or OHIP, your private insurer, WSIB, and others as necessary) safely and effectively during the COVID-19 pandemic and in the future. We may also communicate from time to time with your other healthcare providers (e.g. your family physician and others within your circle of care) through electronic medical information systems (sometimes called electronic health records, eHealth records, or electronic medical records). To help keep your personal information private and secure, we strongly encourage you to use only a secure connection (e.g. a landline or password-protected, encrypted Wi-Fi) as opposed to using public hotspots and/or Wi-Fi, and to find a quiet, private space to avoid interruptions and the potential for others to overhear details regarding your personal information. While we do our best to ensure that all virtual care visits are private and secure, no technology is ever completely secure. To make alternative virtual care arrangements, please contact us using the contact us information set out below.
Subscribe to our Newsletter: If you subscribe to our newsletter, we collect your name, email address, and newsletter/subscription preferences. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, simply unsubscribe by clicking the relevant link at the bottom of the newsletter. You may unsubscribe at any time. Alternatively, you can opt-out of receiving our newsletter by contacting us at marketing@medicalpharmacies.com, if you would like to discontinue the newsletter service.
MEDeINR Program / Scientific Research: With your express consent, we may collect and use personal information about you, such as international normalized ratio (INR) readings in order to conduct scientific research with respect to the health and well-being of seniors in long term care. The information collected through the MEDeINR Program is used in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable form. To learn more about this program, we encourage you to visit the following link: https://www.medicalpharmacies.com/inr/#.
Testimonials: With your permission, we may ask you for feedback regarding your experience in order to share your story on our Website or in advertisements. This story may include information such as your name, province, and your experience using our Services.
Referrals: Our Website may permit you to tell others about us. This feature requires you to submit your name and email address, as well as the name and email address of the recipient. We do not use the names or email addresses submitted in these circumstances for any other purpose without your consent or that of the email recipient to do so. Please ensure that you only submit email addresses of individuals with whom you have a business, personal or family relationship.
Customer Surveys and Research: From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in one of our surveys or other customer research. The information obtained through our surveys and customer research is used in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable form. We use this information to help us understand our customers, to enhance our product and Service offerings.
Careers: If you apply for a job by email or by mail, you may provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as information contained in a resume, cover letter, or similar employment-related materials.  We use this information for the purpose of processing and responding to your application for current and future career opportunities.
Contact Us: When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint through email, telephone, or the contact us form on our Website, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address and a telephone number, along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment.  We may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and Service offerings.
WHAT INFORMATION IS SHARED WITH OTHERS
We do not share your personal information with others without your consent, except as set out below, or as required or permitted by applicable law.
Service Providers: Your personal information may be transferred (or otherwise made available) to third parties that provide services on our behalf. We may use service providers for certain functions such as hosting our data and sending our communications. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions and are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes. Your personal information will be maintained and processed by us, our affiliates, and our third-party service providers in Canada.
Legal and Compliance: We and our service providers may provide your personal information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable Canadian or other law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities. Your personal information may also be disclosed where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property.
Sale of Business: Your personal information may be transferred as an asset in connection with a prospective or completed merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings), involving all or part of Medical Pharmacies, or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control in accordance with applicable law.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEBSITE
Visiting our Website:  In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or submitting any personal information. However, we collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Website and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Website. We use this information to help us understand our Website activity and to monitor and improve our Website.
Cookies:  Our Website uses a technology called “cookies”. A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website sends to a user’s browser, which may then be stored on the user’s hard drive so that we can recognize the user’s computer or device when they return. Cookies may provide us and our service providers with information that we will use to personalize our Website in accordance with a user’s preferences.  You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to take advantage of all the Website features. We may also use a third party to help us gather and analyze information about the areas that users visit on the Website to evaluate and improve the customer experience and the convenience of the Website.
Analytics: We may also use a third party such as Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the Website (such as the pages most read, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the Website. For more information or to opt-out using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” and “Google Analytics and Privacy”.
Third Party Links:  Our Website may contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
PROTECTION AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures (e.g. including safeguards relating to the provision of telemedicine/virtual healthcare) to safeguard the information in our custody and control against theft, loss, unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls or email messages).
Personal information you share with us is stored on Medical Pharmacies servers or hosted by third parties. Data centers are designed to be physically secure and protected from unauthorized access although there is no guarantee that such data can never be breached. Information is stored for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected and to comply with legal requirements.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to access, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control. You may request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his or her personal information records.
YOUR CHOICES
As indicated above, if you have signed-up to receive our email communications, you can unsubscribe any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of the newsletter or other electronic communication. Alternatively, you can opt-out of receiving our marketing communications by contacting us at the contact information under “Contact Us” below.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy and data practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure you are familiar with those changes. We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, or to request access to our collection of your personal information, please contact us at:
Privacy Officer
Medical Pharmacies Group Limited, 300 Town Centre Boulevard, Suite 400
Markham, ON L3R 5Z6
privacy@medicalpharmacies.com
The Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario is responsible for making sure that privacy law is followed in Ontario.  For information regarding health privacy in other provinces and territories, please see your province’s health regulatory authority’s website for further details. For more information about your health privacy rights in Ontario, contact:
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario
2 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400
Toronto, ON M4W 1A8
info@ipc.on.ca
Toll free: 1.800.387.0073
TDD/TTY: 416.325.7539
Sign up for our Newsletter
Get updates delivered to your inbox
Sign up for our Newsletter