https://www.bayshorehomecare.com/privacy-notice/
Bayshore Home Care’s Privacy Policy
The following notices describe how your information is handled by our team of professionals
Notice of privacy practices for health information
BayshoreHomeCare.com Privacy Notice
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do so at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information
Our CompanyHome
Our Services
Meet Our Team
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Sitemap
ResourcesFAQ
Tips For Finding Reliable Care
Sandwich Generation Support
Two-Minute Senior Care Tips
In The News
Senior Care Blog
Understanding the Types of Home Care
From the Senior Care BlogTransitioning from one care setting to another? Case managers are your key ...The Future of Home Care in a COVID-19 WorldFINDING THE RIGHT MOBILITY AIDS FOR SENIORSMaking mealtime healthy and successfulPreserving Easter Traditions With Family During COVID-19
Home
Our Services
Homemaking & Companionship
Personal Care & Help with Daily Routine
Support Services & Medication Management
About us
Meet Our Team
What You Can Expect from our Senior Care Services
Alzheimer’s and Dementia Support
Get a Quote
Senior Care Blog
Videos
In The News
Contact Us
Menu