http://www.morrishospital.org/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Providers
Provider Directory
Healthcare Centers
Locations
Services
Cancer Care
Cardiovascular Services
Convenient Care
Nutrition Counseling
Diagnostic Imaging
Emergency Services
Family Birthing Suites
Healthcare Centers
Immediate Care
Infusion Therapy Center
Laboratory Services
Lifeline
Medication Dispensing Program
Occupational Medicine
Patient Transportation
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
Rehabilitation Services
Sleep Medicine
Surgical Services
Urgent Care
Patient Portals
Pay My Bill
Patients/Visitors
Patients
Visitors
Resources
Billing & Insurance
Cafeteria Menu
Concussion Management
EMS System
Forms Center
Morris Community YMCA
Morris Hospital Portal
Patient Portals
Patient Stories
Pay My Bill
Records Request
Rhythm of Our Youth
Support Groups
Telemedicine
Education
Archived News
COVID-19 – What You Need To Know
Events & Classes
Fall Prevention Awareness
Health Topics
Heart Attack Warning Signs Magnet
Nutrition Tips
About Us
Support Us
About the Auxiliary and Foundation
Contact the Auxiliary & Foundation Office
Donate
Donor Bill of Rights
Acts of Kindness
Annual Programs and Services
Foundation Scholarships
Fundraising Events
How to Make a Gift
Plan A Gift
Honor A Healthcare Hero
Volunteer
Donor & Volunteer Recognition
Careers
Contact Us
Locations
About
Careers
Contact
Patient Portals
Pay A Bill
Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Thank you for visiting Morris Hospital’s Web Site, accessible at www.morrishospital.org. The Web Site provides general information about Morris Hospital, and its activities and services, for the benefit of our online visitors. Use of the Web Site is subject to the following terms and conditions of use (these Terms of Use). Please read these Terms of Use carefully. By using the Web Site, you consent to these Terms of Use.
Morris Hospital may revise and update these Terms of Use at any time by posting the amended terms to the Web Site.
THE WEB SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL INFORMATION
The information provided on the Web Site is for educational purposes only and is not meant as a substitute for professional medical care. If you have a health-related question or suspect you have a health problem, you should contact your doctor. If you believe that you are having a medical emergency, contact your doctor or dial 911 immediately.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND USE OF CONTENT
The Web Site and its content and images, as well as all copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other rights in the content herein, are owned by Morris Hospital. MORRIS HOSPITAL and all related marks, designs and slogans are Morris Hospital trademarks. You may not use such marks without prior written permission from Morris Hospital. All other names, brands and marks are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.
You are authorized to use the content on the Web Site only for personal, non-commercial use. Permission to use, copy, and distribute the information on this Web Site without fee is hereby granted for non-commercial use only, provided in each case that you do not alter or remove any copyright or other proprietary notices included in such materials. Neither title to nor any intellectual property rights in any information or material in this Web Site are transferred to you, but remain with Morris Hospital or the applicable owner of such content. Unauthorized use is prohibited.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Morris Hospital does not assume any liability for the materials, information and opinions provided on, or available through, the Web Site. Reliance on the Site Content is solely at your own risk. Morris Hospital disclaims any liability for injury or damages resulting from the use of any Site Content.
The website, the site content and the products and services provided on or available through this website are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Neither Morris Hospital nor any person associated with Morris Hospital makes any warranty or representation with respect to the quality, accuracy or availability of the website. Neither Morris Hospital nor anyone associated with Morris Hospital warrants or represents that the website, the site content, or the services provided on or through this website will be available, accessible, uninterrupted, timely, secure, accurate, complete, reliable, or error-free; that defects will be corrected; that the website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components; or that the website will otherwise meet your needs or expectations. Morris Hospital disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, noninfringement, or title. In no event will Morris Hospital be liable for any damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use of, or inability to use, the website, the site content, any services provided on or through this website or any linked site, including any direct, indirect, incidential, special, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to, personal injury, lost profits or damages resulting from delay, liability or loss assicated with unauthroized access to personally identifiable information, interruption in service, viruses, deletion of files or electronic communications, or errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Morris Hospital website or the site content, whether or not there is negligence by Morris Hospital and whether or not Morris Hospital has been advised of the possibility of any such damages.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Morris Hospital and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, third-party information providers, licensors and others involved in the Web Site from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney?s fees, arising from any violation by you of these Terms of Use or your use of the Web Site or any services or information obtained from this Web Site.
YOUR CONDUCT AT THIS WEB SITE
Your use of the Web Site is subject to applicable local, state, and federal law. You agree not to use the Web Site or any of the Site Content for any illegal purpose, or to transmit to or through the Web Site any illegal, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, or other objectionable material of any kind, or to interfere with, abuse or otherwise violate the legal rights of any third party using the Web Site.
PRIVACY; PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our use of your personal information and your responsibilities in connection with protecting your privacy are described in our Privacy Policy and is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.
COMMENTS AND SUBMISSIONS
Morris Hospital welcomes your comments and submissions. All comments, suggestions or other information sent by you to the Web Site will become property of Morris Hospital. Morris Hospital shall have no obligation of any kind (such as compensation) with respect to any submissions.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Web Site may contain links to other web sites on the Internet. Morris Hospital is not responsible for and does not endorse the content, products or services of any third-party web sites, and does not make any representations regarding the quality, content or accuracy of any third-party site. Your use of third-party web sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such web sites.
NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY CHILDREN
This Web Site is not intended for or directed at children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from Web Site visitors under the age of 13.
CONTACT
Please contact us if you become aware of any content that may infringe the copyright of a third party or that you believe to be in violation of these Terms of Use.
JURISDICTION AND CHOICE OF LAW
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the Web Site shall be in the state or federal courts in the State of Illinois. These Terms of Use, as they may be amended from time to time, completely and exclusively state the agreement between you and Morris Hospital with respect to the Web Site, and no other terms that may have been communicated to you orally or in any other manner shall have any force or effect. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Web Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
SEVERABILITY
If any part of these Terms of Use is unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be construed to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties. The other provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect.
PayMy Bill
Events &Classes
Telemedicine
Find AProvider