http://www.ama.com.au/ama-website-comment-policy
Skip to main content
Federal AMA Find your local AMA
The AMA advocates on behalf of the medical profession and the public - operating at a federal level and within each state and territory.Choose an AMA website:Federal ACT NSW NT QLD SA TAS VIC WA
Header - Main
About
About the AMA
Structure and Federal Council
Council and Committees
Board and Leadership Team
AMA History
Careers at the AMA
Advocacy & Policy
Advocacy and Policy
Position Statements
Submissions
Doctor & Student Resources
Doctor & Student Resources
Becoming a Doctor
Fees list
News & Media
Media Centre
News and Opinion
Medical Journal of Australia
Members
Doctors in Training
General Practitioners
Private Specialists
Public Hospital Doctors
Rural Doctors
Medical Students
Contact us
Medical Journal of Australia
Join us
Sign in
Home
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy.
Who are we?
The AMA is Australia’s peak membership organisation representing doctors and medical students in Australia. We support and represent our members through advocacy, policy development and the provision of a range of member services and benefits. We also seek to promote and protect the interests of patients and the wider Australian community by working with governments, providing information, reports and commentary on health issues, advocacy and active involvement in health policy debate.
Our structure includes the Australian Medical Association Limited and related companies. A key subsidiary is the Australasian Medical Publishing Company Proprietary Limited (AMPCo) which publishes the Medical Journal of Australia and the Medical Directory of Australia. State and Territory Australian Medical Associations provide us with personal information which we incorporate into our databases. The State and Territory AMAs are separate legal entities to us and have their own privacy policies which are in a similar form to this policy.
What is our privacy commitment to you?
Privacy protection and confidentiality of health information is essential for quality health care. While we do not provide health care services ourselves, we too are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of the information we collect from members, visitors to our website, people who contact us and from our suppliers and partners.
In addition to this professional and ethical commitment, we are required to comply with applicable Commonwealth, State and Territory privacy law. Under these privacy laws, we are required to comply with a set of privacy principles. The core principles are in the Privacy Act 1988. More information about these principles and Australian privacy law can be found on the Australian Information Commissioner’s website www.oaic.gov.au.
What personal information do we collect, store and use and how do we collect this?
The AMA collects personal information from members, persons enquiring or applying for membership, members of the public, journalists, government agencies and other organisations seeking information or comment, visitors to our website, persons purchasing services from us and from our suppliers.
Much of this information is collected directly from the person concerned, including through emails, telephone calls and our website, apps and mobile devices. We also collect this information from publicly available websites, directories and databases and via Twitter and other social media. As members of State and Territory AMAs also become our members through this path, we collect personal information from these organisations.
Our website includes a Privacy Statement which deals with issues specific to the collection of information through that site. This Policy should be read in conjunction with such statement.
In relation to applicants for membership and, members, the information collected will include (where applicable) information about other languages spoken and membership of other medical associations, Colleges and professional groups.
Unless your contact with us or request for information, does not require us to know who you are, for membership and other services we will need your name and contact details.
Why do we collect this information and what do we use it for?
The AMA collects, stores and uses this information to provide services to our members, to provide information and services to the media, government and community and to enable us to advocate on behalf of our members and the community on health issues.
We only provide others with information that would identify you if it is necessary to provide you with the service or information that you requested, you have agreed to us providing it to them or it is already publicly available information.
We provide your information to AMPCo. AMPCo collects, stores and uses this information for the compilation and publication of the Medical Directory of Australia, distribution of our medical journal, the Medical Journal of Australia (MJA) and other associated medical publications, for direct marketing of information, goods and services to persons on the AMPCo database and for statistical and industry analysis. AMPCo’s privacy policy may be viewed here.
What about use of personal information for direct marketing?
Australian privacy law limits the use of personal information for direct marketing of goods and services.
We use your personal information to keep you informed about member services, products and publications.
When a person applies for membership of the AMA (which is done via an application for membership of a State or Territory AMA), they are provided with an opportunity to decline or to indicate what types of goods or services they are interested in receiving further information.
Where we send you direct marketing material we provide you with a means to advise us that you no longer wish to receive some or all of this material.
If at any time you have a concern about direct marketing material you have received from us or through use by others of our databases, or you wish to change your preferences in relation to receipt of future material, please contact us by emailing us at memberservices@ama.com.au
How can AMA members update or amend their information?
AMA members can easily update the information about them by logging in online to the AMA website.
How do we store and protect the information we hold about you?
We store your information at our premises, in electronic systems under our control and with contracted data storage providers. We take appropriate steps to protect the security of the information we hold about you, including protections against unauthorised access, virus or other electronic intrusions, fire, theft or loss. We require our contracted providers to do the same. Our staff are bound by strict requirements regarding the protection of the privacy of the information we collect and hold about you.
We or our contracted data storage providers may use servers, systems and cloud computing providers outside of Australia. Our contracts with them require them to protect the privacy of your information when held on these servers and/or using cloud computing. Our contractors are required to comply with the Australian Privacy laws.
You have a right to see what information we hold about you
Under Australian privacy law, you have rights of access to personal information we hold about you. These rights also include correction of any errors in this information. Should you wish to access this information please contact us. Unless the access you request will require special steps or significant resources, there will be no charge for providing you with this access.
Do you send my information overseas?
In addition to the use from time to time of data storage and cloud providers, we may provide data to overseas bodies. For example, we may exchange member information between the AMA and other country medical associations or exchange MJA subscriber information with other country medical journals.
We may also license use of information on our databases to overseas based companies and organisations for direct marketing. All entities to whom we license use of this information are required to comply with Australia Privacy laws and can only use the information for the purpose specified in the licence.
For how long do you keep my personal information?
We generally keep your personal information active for as long as is reasonably required to enable us to meet your needs.
We keep membership records and other personal information on file to enable us to undertake statistical and historical analysis and reporting. As part of our data security, we regularly backup and archive our electronic databases.
What if I want more information on how we protect your privacy or I have a complaint?
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have a concern or issue in relation to how we collect, store, use or disclose your personal information.
If your concern relates to your AMA membership or another AMA function or service please contact us by email to memberservices@ama.com.au