http://www.bayada.com/compliance/privacy-policy.asp
×
Learn more about BAYADA's response on COVID-19
search
Find an Office
Contact Us
24/7
(888)
876-0111
24/7 (888) 876-0111
Find an Office
About Compliance
Ethics and Safety
Privacy Notice
HIPAA
Report a Compliance Concern
About BAYADA
About Us
Message from Mark Baiada
History of BAYADA
Accreditation
Compliance and Privacy
Advocacy
Find an Office
Technology
BAYADA Foundation
Our Services
Our Services
Our Care Professionals
Why Home Health Care?
Bayada Home Health Care
Bayada Pediatrics
Bayada Hospice
Bayada Habilitation
Bayada Staffing
Physician Services
Medication Management
The Bayada Way
The BAYADA WAY
A Letter from Mark
Published Articles
Testimonials
Client Reviews
Diversity
Lasting Legacy Plan
Careers in Caring
Contact Us
Employee Login
search
About
Ethics and Safety
Privacy Notice
HIPAA
Report a Concern
View the Privacy Notice for Clients »
Online Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience — your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To improve our website — we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service — your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes — Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still contact BAYADA Home Health Care over the telephone or in person.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 07/21/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by calling 856-686-6000.
Compliance and Privacy
Ethics and Safety
Privacy Notice
HIPAA
Report a Compliance Concern
Nondiscrimination Statement
Let's connect. You can call us, or we'll call you.