http://www.asn-online.org/terms/
ASN's Mission
ASN leads the fight to prevent, treat, and cure kidney diseases throughout the world by educating health professionals and scientists, advancing research and innovation, communicating new knowledge, and advocating for the highest quality care for patients.
learn more
Contact ASN
1401 H St, NW, Ste 900, Washington, DC 20005
email@asn-online.org
202-640-4660
The Latest on Twitter
@ASNKidney
Transforming Dialysis Safety
Kidney Health Initiative
KidneyX
Donate
Communities
My ASN
Login
Terms of Use
ASN
/
Terms
/
Conflict of Interest Policy
Endorsements Policy
External News Disclaimer
Facebook Disclaimer
In Memoriam Policy
Medical Disclaimer
Member Directory Use
Open Payments Notice
Privacy Policy
Research Misconduct Policy
Scientific Misconduct Policy
Translate Disclaimer
Website Linking Policy
Terms of Service
Last Updated: November 24, 2014
The American Society of Nephrology (ASN) website (asn-online.org) (the "Site") is owned and operated by the American Society of Nephrology. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and to use the Site in accordance with these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, and any additional terms and conditions that may apply to specific sections of the Site or to products and services available through the Site. Accessing the Site, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise, constitutes use of the Site and your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Service or to impose new conditions on use of the Site, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this Web site and change the "Last Updated" date above to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.
Intellectual Property Rights
Our Limited License to You
This Site and all the materials available on the Site are the property of us and/or our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Site is provided solely for your personal, noncommercial use. You may not use the Site or the materials available on the Site in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service, by the owner of the materials, or in additional terms and conditions that may apply to specific sections of the Site, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by e-mail or other electronic means) any material from the Site. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site for your personal, noncommercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the Site, please e-mail the ASN Webmaster.
Website Linking Policy
Incoming Links to the ASN
The American Society of Nephrology ("ASN") grants a nonexclusive, limited permission to web sites to place a text link to the ASN containing the exact words "American Society of Nephrology" or our domain name (presently http://www.asn-online.org) ('text link to the ASN') on their site to develop a link between their site and the ASN web site, provided that ASN is notified via email at email@asn-online.org or phone at 202-640-4660 before the link is established.
Content Integrity, Link Location
The ASN strongly requests that sites do not use links to http://www.asn-online.org other than a text link. The materials on the linking site should not imply any association with or relation to the ASN or imply in any way that any materials from our web site are maintained within or originate from the linking web site. The ASN does not permit any content from our web site to be framed within another site. Material may not be copied from our web site for publication in any form without express written permission. Companies advertising products are requested to not link to the ASN site from any advertising or marketing pages, or to include any pages that refer specifically to a particular drug by brand name through overt logo use or textual reference.
All links should be for non-profit or educational purposes only. This includes: a) that a linked site must not be an affiliate of a commercial web site (eg Amazon.com affiliate), b) must not contain embedded links that will financially benefit the linked site whenever the links are clicked upon (eg link to textbook on a bookseller's web site), c) should not contain advertisements, and d) should not contain copyrighted images or text from other sources unless it is clearly indicated that permission of the copyright holder had been obtained.
Format of Link
No changes or modifications to the text link to the ASN may be made. Use of the text link to the ASN for purposes other than linking to http://www.asn-online.org is expressly forbidden. The text link to the ASN must not be used or associated with any obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, indecent, profane, defamatory or unlawful site or materials in any way, or in any manner that would adversely affect the name, reputation and goodwill of the ASN. The ASN retains and reserves all rights to the ASN's trade names, trademarks and logos, copyrights and all other intellectual property. Use of any other trademarks, trade names, graphic banners, copyrighted material or any other intellectual property of the ASN for any purpose is expressly forbidden, unless explicit written permission for that use has been granted.
Disclaimers
ll information is provided "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the foregoing exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
The ASN shall not be responsible for any loss, damage, liability or expense that may accompany or result from your use of the link, text link to the ASN or graphic banner(s), including but not limited to any computer virus; technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; or failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions. The granting of this Permission does not indicate nor should it be construed in any way to represent an endorsement by the ASN of any materials on a web site containing our text link to the ASN or graphic banner(s) or any other intellectual property.
The ASN reserves the right to request that verbiage to this effect be placed on the page containing a link to http://www.asn-online.org as a condition of inclusion of the link.
The ASN controls and operates its web sites from the United States of America. The ASN in no way implies that the text link to the ASN is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you use our materials from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws.
The ASN may at any time revise this Linking Policy. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Linking Policy to which you are bound.
The display of a text link to the ASN on a web site indicates agreement by the web site to the foregoing terms and conditions. Please forward any questions about this policy to ASN at email@asn-online.org.
Outgoing Links from the ASN
The ASN places certain links on our web site, and uses the following criteria to evaluate sites for linking.
The linked site should:
relate to the mission of the ASN
complement and enhance the information on our web site
complement and enhance the information on web sites already linked from our web site
provide credible, accurate, current, science-based information
be subject to adequate procedures for the review and updating of material, and ideally should indicate when the web site was last updated
be primarily focused on delivery of information or educational content preferentially use generic and not trade names for pharmaceutical products
adhere to adequate policies regarding external links and privacy of user data
In addition, the linked site should NOT:
be an affiliate of a commercial entity such as Amazon.com or direct individuals to commercial sites for specific products
profit from an individual clicking on a link within the web site or contain links that identify the referrer
contain advertisements for products, especially those that pertain to the content
use copyrighted material without proof of written permission from the copyright holder
These criteria may change at any time to reflect new policies at the ASN. Sites requesting a link should send an email containing the link and any relevant information to email@asn-online.org.
RSS Feeds
You may subscribe to RSS feeds from this Site for noncommercial, personal uses only. Any other uses are strictly prohibited. We may modify or discontinue the RSS feeds at any time, at our discretion, without notice to you, may restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any or all of the RSS feeds, and may disable the links to the RSS feeds at any time.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products, or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on Web sites linked to by us on the Site.
Disclaimers Regarding Site Content
The information, products, and services offered on or through the Site and any third-party sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that the Site or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this Site, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components.
We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Site or materials on this site or on third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise.
You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.
The Site is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment or for commercial use. You should always seek advice from a physician or other qualified health provider for your individual medical needs. The Site should not be used in any high-risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances, or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.
Medical Disclaimer
The American Society of Nephrology ("ASN") does not offer medical advice. All content in ASN publications, including this website, is for informational purposes only, and is not intended to cover all possible uses, directions, precautions, drug interactions, or adverse effects. This content should not be used during a medical emergency or for the diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. Please consult your doctor or other qualified health care provider if you have any questions about a medical condition, or before taking any drug, changing your diet or commencing or discontinuing any course of treatment. Do not ignore or delay obtaining professional medical advice because of information accessed through ASN. Call 911 or your doctor for all medical emergencies.
Membership, Contributions, and Online Commerce
Certain sections of the Site may allow you to renew your membership or register for conferences, make a gift, or purchase different types of products and services online. When you renew your membership, make a gift, or purchase products or services on or through the Site, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your renewal, registration, donation, or purchase or use of the products or services. ASN is a 501(c)(3) charitable and educational organization. Your charitable contribution is tax-deductible to the extent allowable by law.
You agree to be financially responsible for all registration fees, monetary gifts, and purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to only purchase goods or services or make a gift for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so. When making a purchase or gift for a third party that requires you to submit the third party's personal information to us, you represent that you have obtained the express consent of such third party to provide such third party's personal information.
Member Directory Use Policy
Permission to access and use the information contained in the Member Directory is restricted to American Society of Nephrology (ASN) members. Members may not provide their login information to anyone else, authorize others to use information obtained from the Member Directory, or assign or transfer any Member Directory information to any individual or organization.
It is the policy of ASN that all information contained in the ASN Member Directory, both in print and online, is entrusted to ASN members for their noncommercial personal use or Society business only.
ASN expressly prohibits the use of this information for any other purpose, including commercial, political, or promotional (marketing and sales).
Violation of this policy may subject the ASN member to sanctions up to and including permanent revocation of ASN membership.
If you would like to opt-out of the Member Directory, you can do so by updating your profile.
Please notify ASN if you become aware of violations of this policy by sending an email to email@asn-online.org.
Registration
To access certain features of the Site, you may be asked to register with us on the form provided and such registration may require you to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address. You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifiable information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Passwords
To use certain features of the Site, you will need a username and password, which you will receive through the Site's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Employment Advertising
When you submit an employment ad for publication on the Site, you agree that the advertisement as it appears on the Site becomes our property and you assign all ownership interest in the advertisement as it appears on the Site under copyright law or otherwise to us. Submission of an advertisement does not constitute a commitment to publish the advertisement, and publication of an advertisement does not constitute an agreement for continued publication. We will accept only standard abbreviations and require proper punctuation. We reserve the right to edit, reclassify, revise, reject, or cancel any advertisement at any time, in our sole discretion.Rates and specifications are subject to change.
Questions?
Questions regarding these Terms of Service should be directed to the ASN Webmaster.
×
The webpage has been translated to .
Translate This Page
The ASN website can be translated into a number of different languages. For more information view the disclaimer.
Automatically load all pages in this language.
Translate