http://www.usabreast.com/privacy-policy/
livechat software for business
Back
Home
Call Us
Email Us
Locate Us
Gallery
Home
Dr. Trevisani
Specials
Breast Procedures
Breast Augmentation
Breast Augmentation Revision
Breast Implant Options
Breast Lift
Breast Reduction
Strattice®
Mommy Makeover
Possible Complications from Breast Implants
Pre-Existing Health Conditions
Patient Information
Are You a Candidate?
Choosing a Surgeon
Patient Forms
The Consultation
Photo Gallery
Blog
Email Announcements
General
Breast revision surgery
Patient Information
Medical Products
Procedural Information
Abdominoplasty
Testimonials
Video Transcripts
Press Release
Patient Testimonials
Office Announcements
In The Media
Breast Augmentation
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Virtual Consultation
Specializing in Breast Surgery. Renowned for Natural Results.
Privacy Policy
Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Privacy of Collected Data
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Information to opt out of Google Analytics
Information About Remarketing
This website uses Google remarketing to advertise online using text or image ads on the Google Display Network. Remarketing is a feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our site, and show them relevant ads when they visit other sites on the Google Display Network.
For websites using remarketing, a third-party DoubleClick cookie is used to enable remarketing for products like AdWords on the Google Display Network. When someone visits our website, a few lines of code will drop an anonymous browser cookie. This cookie is a small file that stores information. The cookie will store the site visit, but does not store any sensitive information, such as visitor name, address or any other piece of information that might personally identify the visitor. The cookie will be enabled for a set period of time, such as 30 or 60 days, at which time, the cookie expires.
What is the Google Display Network?
A group of more than a million websites, videos, and apps where ads can appear. Sites in this network have partnered with Google to show relevant AdWords ads.
Remarketing restrictions
Our website will never:
run remarketing ads that collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
create a remarketing list or ad text that specifically targets users in ways that are outlined as “prohibited” by Google
Opting out of Remarketing
Visitors may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager.
Visitors may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Are You a Candidate for Breast Augmentation?>
Read Our Blog
Patient Testimonials
Patient Forms
Contact Us>
FacebookYoutube
Featured Specials>
Sign up for our Email Newsletter and Promotions
Email:
Hours:
Monday through Friday
9 am to 5 pm.
Address:
413 Lake Howell Rd
Maitland, Florida 32751
MAP
Phone
407-677-8999