http://www.skincarecentre.ca/privacy_policy.htm
Home > Privacy Policy
The Skin Care Centre is dedicated to
maintaining high standards of confidentiality with respect to information
entrusted to it, including that received via this Web Site. This Notice has
been prepared to inform you of Skin Care Centre practices concerning the
collection, use and disclosure of information about identified individuals, or
individuals whose identity may be inferred or determined from the information
("Personal Information") provided to the Skin Care Centre via the use of this public Web Site
only.
In browsing the Internet, you will
encounter a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide
you with specific information from a Web site. A "cookie" is an
element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store
it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a
cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set
your browser to block all cookies.
This Web Site uses session cookies to track
Web site usage. Session cookies track a user's progression through a Web site
(or Web sites) in a single visit. These cookies enable a Web server to remember
things as you progress from one page to another. Session cookies are deleted as
soon as you close your browser. If you leave your browser open for a prolonged
period, the cookies on this Web Site are not set to erase themselves
automatically after a short period of time. They will, however, be deleted when
you shut down your browser. Persistent cookies do not erase themselves, and
they remain on your computer until you erase them using your browser settings.
This public Web Site does not use persistent cookies.
A visitor to this Web Site is not
required to reveal any individually identifiable information, such as name,
address, or telephone number. Nor is such information collected passively by
electronic means.
The Skin Care Centre Web server tracks
general information about visitors such as their domain name and time of visit.
This Web Site also collects and aggregates information regarding which pages
are being accessed. This information, only in aggregate form, is used
internally to serve visitors better by helping the Skin Care Centre to manage
this Web Site, diagnose any technical problems, and improve the Content.
Please note that for security purposes
and to ensure that this Web site remains available for use, the Skin Care
Centre employs software programs to monitor network traffic, to identify
unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, and to prevent
denial-of-service attacks or other attacks intended to cause damage. Such
activities will result in the collection of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
but such IP addresses are not associated with, or connected to, particular
pages accessed within the Member Portal (or within this Web site).
The Skin Care Centre retains the right to use information
that does not identify or permit the identification of an individual in any way
that it determines appropriate.
022509
©2010 The Skin Care Centre | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
This website is intended for Canadian residents only.