http://www.readinghospital.org/patients-families/rights-responsibilities/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Tower Health Reading Hospital
Skip to Content
Menu
Search
Call
Referral Line: 484-628-HELP
Reading Hospital: 484-628-8000
Toll Free: 1-866-988-4377
Search Site
Reading Hospital
Main Navigation
Find a Doctor
Services
Locations
Academics
Patients & Families
About
Community
For Medical Professionals
Tower Health
Reading Hospital
Tower Health Medical Group
Reading Hospital Foundation
484-628-HELP
Request an Appointment
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: Tower Health is re-opening safely for your health. Visit our re-opening page to learn more.
Terms and Conditions | Tower Health Reading Hospital
You are here:
Home > Patients & Families > Patient Rights & Responsibilities > Terms and Conditions
In This Section
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
HIPAA Forms
Privacy Notice
Compliance
Social Media Policy
Terms and Conditions
Aviso de Privacidad
Derechos y Responsabilidades del Paciente
La Discriminación va Contra la Ley
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer/Terms and Conditions Governing General Use of Reading Hospital's website
Welcome to the Reading Hospital website. Reading Hospital is part of Tower Health. By using our site, you agree to the following terms of use, which constitute an agreement between Tower Health and you.
Tower Health provides health-related information on our websites for general patient educational and informational purposes only and does not render medical advice or professional services.  The information provided through this website should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease.
If you are having a medical emergency, call 911.
All information on our websites is copyrighted by Tower Health and is protected under U.S. and international copyright laws.
Do not reuse information or images without our written permission.
Some information is linked to websites that we do not own or control. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement of the content on such sites.  We are not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites.
Tower Health disclaims any liability for any documentation, information, programs, software, or other material that is part of this website.  No guarantees or warranties are made that the information will not be offensive to a user or that it will meet the user’s needs and requirements.
Please see our Notice of Privacy Practices [link] for an explanation of how we gather, use, and protect your personal information.
Terms of Use
Restrictions on Use. Tower Health hereby grants you a non-exclusive right to use our website for your personal, non-commercial use. Tower Health operates in Pennsylvania.  By accessing our website, regardless of where you are located, you agree that the statutes and laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania will apply to all matters regarding the use of our websites.
Tower Health Trademarks. You agree not to use, display, or reproduce any trademark or logo on our website without prior written permission.
No Medical Advice. Tower Health assumes no responsibility for how you use the information you obtain from its website. Please consult directly with your healthcare provider.
Linked Sites. The Tower Health website includes links to non-affiliated websites containing information that we believe to be credible and useful, but we do not own or control the content.
We encourage users to review the privacy policy of each linked site, as we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
Retargeting and Remarketing. As you browse the Tower Health website, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising and marketing partners then enable us to present you with advertising on other sites, or with marketing information, based on your previous interaction with Tower Health. Data collected by Tower Health for advertising or marketing purposes is completely anonymous, and only includes information such as the browser type, user location (municipality, not home or street address), IP address, date and time of visit, domain type, and your activity on our website. None of this information, individually or grouped together, can be traced back to you.
Contact Us
If you have questions or require more information, please call us at 484-628-HELP (4357) or contact us online.
Back to top
Footer
Careers
Volunteer
News & Media
Research
Quality
Language Assistance
Phone Directory
Reading Hospital
484-628-8000
Referral Line
484-628-HELP
Toll Free
1-866-988-4377
Contact Us
Copyright 2020 Tower Health. All rights reserved.
Financial Assistance
Privacy Notice
Patients Rights & Responsibilities
HIPAA Forms
Consent for Treatment Form
Consent for Treatment Form (Spanish)
Financial Responsibility Form
Financial Responsibility Form (Spanish)
Employee Intranet
Website Terms and Conditions Social Media Policy