http://www.njlasikmd.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
About Us
Atlantic Medical Eye Care
Dr. Scharfman
Dr. Shah
Testimonials
Eye Conditions
Cataracts
Glaucoma
Macular Degeneration
Diabetes
Dry Eyes
Services
Cataract Surgery
Premium Lenses / IOLs
Glaucoma Surgery
Contact Lenses
Comprehensive Care
Blog
Latest Posts
Subscribe
For Patients
Patient Information and Forms
COVID-19 Info
Free Cataract Guide
My Online Clinic
Contact Us
Directions
Your privacy is important to us, and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations.
We hope that by taking a few minutes to read our privacy policy, you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect certain personal information about you — but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to provide you with our various services.
Examples of sources from which we collect information include:
consultations and phone calls with you;
letters or e-mails from you;
meetings and visitations with you.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We will obtain your written authorization for any uses and disclosures of protected health information “PHI” not described in the Notice of Privacy Practices.
Treatment, Payment, and Health Care Operations
We may use your PHI in order to provide your medical care; to bill for our services and to collect payment from you or your insurance company; and for the general operation of our business.
Marketing, Fundraising, and Sale of PHI
We will obtain your prior written authorization before sending you certain marketing communications. We may use or disclose your demographic information in order to contact you for our fundraising activities, but you have the right to opt out of such communications. We will not sell your health information without your prior written authorization.
We may use your PHI as otherwise authorized or required by law for such purposes as:
public health reporting and oversight activities
Judicial, administrative, or law enforcement proceedings
complying with workers’ compensation laws
communicating with your family or caregivers
sending appointment reminders
You Have the Right to:
Request certain restrictions on our use and disclosure of your PHI.
Request communications from us by specific means or locations.
Inspect and copy your medical record.
Ask us to correct the information in your medical record.
Receive an accounting of disclosures of your PHI by our practice.
Be notified in the case of a breach of unsecured PHI.
In addition, you may request to receive communications of PHI by alternative means or at alternative locations. We will accommodate the request, if reasonable.
We Respect Your Privacy
Thank you for allowing us to serve you with your eye care needs. We value your patronage and are committed to protecting you privacy.
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this policy.
Primary Sidebar
FREE GUIDE
Your email is safe
Eye Care Services
Cataract Surgery
Premium Lenses / IOLs
Glaucoma Surgery
Contact Lenses
Comprehensive Eye Care
From our Blog
Untreated Glaucoma Can Lead to Blindness
Uveitis: Causes, Symptoms, and Treatment
A New Alternative to Eye Drops for Treating Eye Injuries
FooterHours
Mon 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Tue 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Wed 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Thu 8:30 am - 4:30 pm
Fri 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Location
3 Hospital Plaza, Suite 310
Old Bridge, NJ · 08857
732-607-0555
Directions »
Need Help?
Search the site ...
Contact Us »