http://www.afpafitness.com/privacy-policy
Connect with our experts: 800.494.7782
FAQs
Renew Your Certification
Contact Us
Sign In/Create Account
Why AFPA
Certification Programs
Testimonials
About
Educational Resources
Blog
Benefits of Choosing AFPA
Our Educational Approach
Career Change Guide
AFPA’s Featured Graduate Stories
How To Get Started
Program Selection & How It Works
Explore Certification Programs
Nutrition Certifications
Health Coach Certifications
Personal Trainer Certifications
Fitness Certifications
Specialty Credentials
Continuing Education
Privacy Policy
American Fitness Professionals & Associates LLC (the “Company,” “us,” “we,” or “AFPA”) provides afpafitness.com and its associated websites, mobile applications, and web applications (collectively, the “Site”) and takes your privacy and security seriously. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect personal data (“Personal Information”) we receive from users.
AFPA is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the AFPA Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the AFPA website, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
AFPA collects Personal Information when registering for any account. This might include your email address, name, home or work address, or telephone number. AFPA may also collect anonymous demographic information that is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, preferences, interests, and favorites.
We may also collect any information you submit through a form, when joining a newsletter, when purchasing a product, or when contacting us.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by AFPA. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referral website addresses.
Children
AFPA does not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under the age of 13. If you believe AFPA has collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately.
Use of Your Personal Information
AFPA uses your Personal Information to deliver the services you have requested. AFPA also uses your Personal Information to inform you of discount offers, and other products or services available.
AFPA uses Personal Information to maintain the quality of the services, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the AFPA website.
AFPA does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
AFPA keeps track of the web pages our customers visit within the AFPA website to determine what AFPA services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within AFPA to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject matter.
AFPA may use your Personal Information to contact you or provide customer, technical, or other support.
AFPA will only disclose your Personal Information, and may do so without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AFPA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AFPA; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AFPA products or property, or to protect the public.
Security of Your Personal Information
Your security is important to AFPA. AFPA uses commercially reasonable methods to secure your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. AFPA secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When Personal Information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to us.
Do-Not-Track Policy and Procedures
AFPA does not currently respond to “do not track” browser headers or specific “do not track” requests.  You do have the ability to limit tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the actions listed below.  The use of online tracking mechanisms by third-parties is governed by those third-parties’ own privacy policies, and not the terms included hereunder. If you prefer to prevent third-parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer, you may adjust the settings of your own web browser to block the placement of cookies. You may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies by contacting the Network Advertising Initiative, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance program by contacting them directly.
International Privacy Practices
AFPA is primarily operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States. In order to provide Services to you, AFPA may send and store your Personal Information outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to the United States. Accordingly, if you reside or are located outside of the United States, your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the country where you reside or are located, including countries that may not or do not provide the same level of protection for your Personal Information. AFPA is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of Personal Information when it is transferred. If you reside or are located within the European Economic Area and such transfers occur, AFPA takes appropriate steps to provide the same level of protection for the processing carried out in any such countries as you would have within the European Economic Area to the extent feasible under applicable law. By using and accessing our Services, users who reside or are located in countries outside of the United States agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of Personal Information on servers located outside of the country where they reside, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of their residence or location.
Changes to This Statement
AFPA reserves the right to occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
Orders & Enrollment
AFPA requests information from you on our order/enrollment form when purchasing any product. To purchase from AFPA, you must provide contact information and billing information.
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Some of the links posted on our website may use cookies on their site. However, we have no access to or control these cookies from other websites.
AFPA uses a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Links
This web site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies on this Site and Service. By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
How we use cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.
We use variations of both session and persistent cookies on the Site and Service and we use different types of cookies to assist in running the Service.
Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computer should disable cookies through their web browser settings, with the understanding that disabling cookies may diminish a user’s experience on the Site and that certain features of the site may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Cookies are not harmful and cannot introduce viruses or extract PII.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties’ cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Site and Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
Your principal rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) are as follows:
Right of Access: you have the right to be informed of, and request access to, the Personal Information we process about you.
Right to Rectification: you have the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to Erasure: you have the right to have the Company delete your Personal Information.
Right to Restrict: you have the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing your Personal Information.
Right to Object: you have the right to object to us processing your Personal Information on grounds relating to your particular situation or for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Data Portability: you have the right to request a copy of your Personal Information in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
Right not to be Subject to Automated Decision Making: you have the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Contact Information
AFPA welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that AFPA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AFPA at afpa@afpafitness.com.
Explore latest educational resources and articles from AFPA
Fitness & Wellness Business
10 Strategies for Keeping Your Health and Wellness Knowledge Up-to-Date
Read More
How to Find Your Niche as a Personal Trainer or Health Coach
Read More
Nutrition Business
Do Plant-Based Diets Meet Protein Needs?
Read More
TURN YOUR DREAM CAREER INTO REALITY
In just six months or less, you can start working in the industry of your dreams with an AFPA certification. For questions or to get started, call us today at 800.494.7782.
Stay Connected
Get immediate access to AFPA’s most recent health and wellness insights, exclusive offers and groundbreaking tips to help you become the trusted health, fitness or nutrition professional.
Contact Us
About AFPA
Renew Your Certification
FAQs
Explore All Certifications
Research Articles
Accreditation & Recognition
Professional Insurance
Affiliate Partners
©2020 AFPA.     Terms & Conditions     Privacy Policy