http://www.theayurvedicclinic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Ayurvedic Clinic in London, UK
theayurvedicclinic@me.comFacebookTwitterLinkedinYouTube
Home ConsultationsDr Deepika Rodrigo Dr Wathsala Wijesinghe What to expect Fees
Ayurvedic TreatmentsFertility Treatments Skin Disorders Panchakarma Ayurvedic Marma Massage
Products About UsEvents Newsletters
TestimonialsVideo Testimonials Fertility Case Studies Skin Disorders Before/After Ayurvedic Treatment
What is AyurvedaAyurvedic definition of health Ayurveda & Diseases The Doshas The Srotas or Channels of Circulation Ayurvedic Herbal Medicine
Ayurveda Institute Contact us
Privacy Policy
All data that the Ayurvedic Clinic has collated about our patients and subscribers to our e-Newsletter has been gathered in a compliant manner.
The Ayurvedic Clinic is 100% committed to the protection of its users’ privacy. Here, you can read more about what data our company collects from visitors to its site, and exactly how this information is used.
What information do we collect?
The Ayurvedic Clinic (which includes the Ayurveda Institute UK and the Association of Ayurvedic Professionals UK) will collect certain information about you during the course of its business via the following means:
Newsletter sign up (this includes the patient’s email address)
Contact forms (this includes the patient’s name, email & telephone number)
Site usage tracking
How will we use this information?
We take measures to ensure that your information is held responsibly. This is how we may use it:
for internal record keeping;
for the improvement of our products and services;
for the occasional sending of promotional emails about new services or other information we feel you may be interested in;
for the customisation of our website where relevant.
Your contact information may be used to communicate with you about your treatment or to send you information and marketing material as part of our legitimate interest in promoting our business. You may request that this ceases at any time; you can also ask that your information not be used in this way from the beginning.
The Ayurvedic Clinic does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors, without prior consent or unless required for law enforcement or statute. This information is not shared with any third parties save for our email marketing partners and software providers for our clinic system (Constant Contact and Private Practice Software) who actually send out the emails which we create.
You can contact us regarding all matters relating to the business either by mail to the above address; by telephone on 020 84054407
Your email address may be used to send you advice about your current or past treatment, to process any orders from you, to send you an invoice, to accept payments from you or to issue refunds where needed or to send you information about our business. This information is kept to allow the Ayurvedic Clinic to meet its contractual obligations to you.
All information that you share with us will be stored in a secure computer-based system and used only in connection with the work of the Ayurvedic Clinic, which includes the the Ayurveda Institute UK and the Association of Ayurvedic Professionals UK. It will never be shared with anyone else under any circumstances. This information is processed to enable us to meet our legal obligations.
What is site tracking?
When you visit our website, you will be asked whether you agree to the site’s use of cookies. A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed onto your computer’s hard drive. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept them, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. There are also cookies that store basic data on your interactions with WordPress, the content management system operated on this website.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual user. However, they are not used to identify you personally. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. Cookies are just there to make the site work better for you, as they:
store settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page;
store information you’ve given (e.g. your email address) so you don’t need to keep entering it;
monitor how you use the website, so we can make sure it meets your needs.
Once you agree to the use of cookies, the small files are added. You are free to manage and/or delete these as you wish. Please note that if you do not consent to use of cookies, your browsing experience will be affected.
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit AboutCookies.org.
We use Google Analytics to collect the information about how people use this site. This is to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs. It also helps us to understand how we can improve. We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
Access to, removal and correction of your information.
Information that is kept for marketing purposes will be kept until you ask for it to be removed. If you ask, it will be removed immediately the request is received. Financial information is required by law to be kept for seven years. This will include your contact information as invoiced.
We do not, never have and never will share or sell your information to any third party, unless required to do so by law.
You can request to remove any information we hold about you. If you request us to delete all of your contact information completely, then any bookings or appointments you have in the system will be cancelled as a result as well as access to advisory information contained in e-books.
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you.  We will honour this request as quickly as possible. Please email us at the address in this website. We may make a small charge for this service depending on the information requested.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You have the right to have your information corrected; if any information we hold about you is wrong then please notify us and we will amend it to be accurate.
Note: if you wish us to remove all data relating to you, you will no longer receive e-Newsletters, updates, information about our events, products, offers and initiatives which are all a part of the business to raise awareness of the benefits of Ayurveda for you.
You have the right to complain about the holding of your information. If we cannot resolve your complaint, or you feel that the response is inadequate, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at ico.org.uk or to take your complaint to the Courts. If you choose this latter approach we would advise you to seek qualified legal advice.
The Ayurvedic Clinic will treat your information with the utmost respect and will keep you informed at every stage of the relationship with you. If you have any concerns at all, please us contact and we will clarify anything that is unclear.
Disclosure
The Ayurvedic Clinic does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or statute.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to this website. Please note that once you have used these links to navigate away from our site, we do not have control over and therefore cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide to these other sites. These sites may also use cookies over which we have no control. We advise checking the privacy statements of other websites you visit.
Changes to the privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on our website.  Please return to this page in the future to ensure you agree to any changes that may have been made. This policy is effective from 11th May 2018.
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
For updates about the Clinc, Institute and ayurveda treatment for the symptoms of Covid -19,
Click here