https://www.additudemag.com/category/adhd-add/related-conditions/sensory-processing-disorder/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD & Symptom Tests
ADHD Comorbidities & Related Conditions
Hypersensitivity
Sharon Heller, Ph.D., answers frequently asked questions to help you better understand sensory...
Sensory processing disorder, or SPD, is often missed — particularly when ADHD is involved. Here's how...
Treatment for sensory processing disorder typically includes occupational therapy, introduction of a...
One in five individuals is a “highly sensitive person” (HSP). Hypersensitivity commonly occurs with...
Do you have a highly sensitive child? 6 ways to create an environment, a routine, and activities that...
Is food sensitivity a sign of ADHD? What about sensory processing disorder (SPD)? Could it be both?...
Weighted vests and compression shirts can help to calm and focus children with ADHD and sensory...
Too many adults don't understand ADHD, and even fewer know anything about sensory processing disorder...
Children with sensory processing disorder may bristle and bolt at loud noises, pick their skin, and...
My daughter, who has ADHD and sensory processing disorder, struggles to focus, do her homework, and...
A common partner to ADHD, sensory processing disorder can cause children to feel overwhelmed,...
Is your child sensitive to noise, bright lights, and fabrics or tags? Hypersensitivity is common...
I was sure my son had ADHD — until I found out, much later, that he didn't. Here's why the medical...
Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD) manifests in many small, sometimes maddening ways. Itchy tags may...
The volatile (and sometimes destructive) emotions associated with ADHD can manifest as frustration,...
Show More Stories
Free Newsletter
Signs & Symptoms
Understand ADHD and related conditions.
Email Address
Sign Up
Read These Next
“I’m a Sensitive Woman:” ADHD Sensory Overload in Adults
Sensitive women, do you whip off your bra when you get home? Do certain perfumes make you gag? Or does a...
Why Children with ADHD Hate Bedtime: Solutions to ADHD Sleep Problems
Why does ADHD bring sleep problems? The ADHD brain is hypersensitive to external stimuli. This is...
“Please Don’t Hug Me! Seriously."
Ever since I was a child, the sound of people chewing has filled me with a desperate rage. Ditto putting on...
More Articles Recommended For You
The World Doesn’t Get My Son’s Sensory Issues — But His Momma Does
Help for My Son’s Sensory Issues
Listen to “‘Sensory-Smart Strategies for Children with Sensory Processing Disorder and ADHD” with Lindsey Biel, M.A., OTR/L, and Carol Stock Kranowitz, M.A.
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions