http://www.adia.org.au/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out the approach which the Australian Dental Industry Association (ADIA) will take in relation to the treatment of personal information. It includes information on how ADIA collects, uses, discloses, and keeps secure, individuals' personal information. It also provides guidance as to how ADIA makes the personal information it holds available for access to and correction by the individual. This policy has been drafted having regard to ADIA's obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), including the National Privacy Principles.
Citation: These bylaws may be cited as the "ADIA Privacy Policy"
Collection Of Information: Through its varied operations, ADIA gathers information from individuals to enable delivery of services and to improve the nature of the services provided. ADIA understands individuals' concerns regarding confidentiality and takes seriously its obligations in respect of all information it gathers.
Legislative Compliance: This framework ensures the organisation including all its Directors, staff, volunteers, and consultants collect, use, hold, correct and disclose personal information in a manner that conforms to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
National Privacy Principles: All personal information collected by ADIA will comply with the National Privacy Principles which are reflected within the provisions of this policy.
Sources Of Information: The information that ADIA collects in most cases relates to the Association's members and customers but can relate to suppliers and other parties with which the Association deals. The information is collected from application forms, event registration forms, product order forms or when individuals and businesses volunteer their information to ADIA.
Purpose Of Collection: Personal information is gathered for a range of purposes, including: the provision of information; association services; promotion of new products and services; the compiling of membership lists; and internal fundraising within the association.
Personal Information: In this policy 'personal information' means any information or opinion about an individual from which his/her identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained in addition to information about their employment within the dental industry, dental profession, and related business sectors.
Anonymity: In accordance with the National Privacy Principles, where practical, an individual may deal with the Association on an anonymous basis. However, as a provider of a wide range of services, ADIA in most cases finds that it is necessary to collect personal information during the course of providing its services.
Sources Of Information: Personal information is collected directly from individuals when individuals provide this information by phone, via the website, or in documents such as applications forms, event registration forms, or product order forms.
Notification Of Collection: When personal information is collected from individuals, in most cases it will be self-evident (such as when individuals complete a form). Individuals may also be advised at the time of collection or as soon as practical after its collection as to: the purpose of collection and the fact that individuals can gain access to the Personal Information.
Employment History: As an industry association from time to time ADIA may collect information about an individual's employment history. ADIA will only ask an individual for information where the Association believes it is necessary for the Association to know that information in the course of providing our services.
Access To Information: In general only staff and contractors may view an individual's personal information. ADIA will only grant access to other parties to view personal information where the Association believes that it is necessary and in the individual's best interests for those people to view that personal information.
Access To Third Parties: ADIA will only disclose personal information to parties other than our staff and contractors if: that disclosure is required to give effect to the purpose for which the Association collected the personal information; individuals have consented to that disclosure; the Association believes that the disclosure may lessen a risk of harm to the health or safety of any person; the Association believes that unlawful activity is being undertaken and personal information is disclosed as part of our investigation into this activity; the Association is required by law to disclose this activity; the disclosure is required for the enforcement of a criminal law or a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or for the protection of public revenue; or the third party is ADIA's agent or contractor and is required by the Association to keep that personal information confidential and will only use that information for the purpose for which it is disclosed.
Accuracy: ADIA will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate and provide opportunities for individuals to update their personal information.
Storage: Personal Information is stored in both hard copy and on computer. Reasonable steps will be taken to ensure that hard copies of personal information and personal information stored on computers are secure.
Destruction: ADIA regularly deletes, destroys, or de-identifies personal information if the information is no longer needed by the Association.
Access To Policy: This Privacy Policy is available on ADIA's website and hard copies are available on request from ADIA's head office.
Access And Update Of Individual Records: Individuals can update their personal information at any time by contacting the ADIA Privacy Officer and individuals may also access their personal information by contacting the ADIA Chief Executive Officer (or their delegate). Access is generally granted within thirty days of that request.
Cost Of Access: ADIA may impose a reasonable charge for access to cover administration costs.
Denial Of Access: A request by an individual to access their personal information may be withheld in a certain number of limited circumstances in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). Where ADIA does withhold personal information, the Association may instead choose to give individuals a summary of that information.
Prior Consent: Although it is not usual for ADIA to transfer personal information overseas (other than an individual's name and email address which may be transmitted via computers to facilitate the transmission of electronic correspondence), if personal information is transferred overseas, the Association will wherever practical obtain an individual's written consent before doing so. If obtaining an individual's consent is not practical, then ADIA will make reasonable efforts to protect the data.
For further information on the ADIA Privacy Policy or how ADIA handles your information please contact the association via email or by telephone 1300 943 094.
Our Members
see all our members
Join Our Database
Latest News and Events
First Name:
Email:
Business Type:
About
Overview
History
The Story So Far
Leadership
Annual Report
2018 Annual Report
2019 Financial Report
Strategic Plan
ADIA's Strategic Plan
ADIA's Strategic Affiliations
Our People
ADIA Board
ADIA Honour Roll
Governance
ADIA Governance
Code of Practice
Privacy Policy
Partner With Us
Membership
Join A Growing Community
Member Application
ADIA State Branches
News & Media
Industry News Updates
Media Releases
Twitter Feed
COVID 19 Updates
Events & Training
Upcoming Events
State Branch Briefings
Exhibitions
Managing Your Exhibition
Upcoming Exhibitions
Awards
Introduction
2020 Winners
International Events
IDS Cologne
IDEM Singapore
Introduction to Dentistry
TGA Compliance Courses
Online Store
Online Store
Dental and Health Services Reports
ADRF Appointment Books
Webinars On Demand
Sydney Meeting Facilities
Advocacy
Advocacy
Parliamentary Engagement
Stakeholder Engagement
Advocacy Agenda
Policy Statements
Standards Development
Consultations
Contact Us
1300 943 094
85 Bourke Road
Alexandria, New South Wales
Follow Us On
twitterfacebooklinkedin
Home | Site Map | Print this page | Top of page
Phone: 1300 943 094 Address: Suite 11A, 85 Bourke Road, Alexandria, New South Wales, Australia, 2015
Copyright © 2020
Designed by Bloomtools