http://www.thehomestead.org/legal-privacy
Privacy / Legal
Access to Our Web Site
Balance Autism is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our Web site. You are free to access and browse our site without disclosing personal data, and you can be assured that we endeavor to protect the confidentiality and security of your information at all times.
We do not release any information to outside parties without the express permission of our Web site users. In addition, Balance Autism fully complies with HIPAA privacy regulations.
Information Collection
Balance Autism does not automatically collect personal information from our Web site nor do we use cookies to store personal information. We do not link personal information about specific individuals with any other information we collect, either on our Web site or in our facilities.
We do not collect personal information from other sources such as public records or private databases nor do we release or sell personal information about those who access our Web site.
We do collect personal information that is voluntarily provided while using our services. All privacy practices and regulations apply to this information, as well.
Confidentiality and Security
Balance Autism does not disclose personal information to other organizations. We ensure that personal information will not be disclosed to federal or state institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
We have instituted technical measures to protect personal information in ourfiles from unauthorized access; improper use or disclosure; unauthorized modification, or unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
All Balance Autism employees who have access to and who process personal information are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information.
Our Web site does provide access to additional information with links to other sites. It is our hope that these sites offer privacy protection, but Balance Autism is not responsible for their content or privacy practices.
Contact Information
If you have questions or need further information about Balance Autism privacy statement, please call 515-967-4369 or info@BalanceAutism.org.