http://www.labor.state.ak.us/privacy.htm
Skip to content
Back to Top
The following is a greeting given in one of the 20 indigenous languages recognized by the State of Alaska.
Ade' ndadz dengit'a?
Listen to pronunciation
(Deg Xinag)
"Hello, how are you?"
State of Alaska
myAlaska
Departments
State Employees
Statewide Links
Home
Job Seekers
Workers
Employers
Research and Analysis
Labor Shortcuts
State of Alaska
DOLWD
Department of Labor and Workforce Development
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Information collected and how it is used
If you do nothing during your visit to our Web site but browse or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer. We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you. This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (e.g., xcompany.com or yourschool.edu);
The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited this site;
The Web pages or services you accessed at this site;
The Web site you visited prior to coming to this Web site.
The information we automatically collect or store is logged and used by Department of Labor and Workforce Development only to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services. Our web site analyzes this information to determine how our web site is being used, so that we may continually improve the site's usefulness to the public.
Personal information collected for the Workforce Explorer is kept confidential and is not accessible except by the Workforce Explorer staff for purposes of improving the site. Content saved by a user may be used to analyze site usage and improve the site, but is not disclosed.
Accessibility
-
OEO Statement
-
Terms of Use
-
Privacy
-
Copyright Info
Department of Labor & Workforce Development
P.O. Box 111149
Juneau, AK 99811
Phone: (907) 465-2700
Fax: (907) 465-2784