http://www.belmontvillage.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy / Fair Housing Act / Terms and Conditions
We Protect Your Privacy
Belmont Village Senior Living has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Our online form asks visitors for contact information such as an email address, name, title and address. We use contact data from this form to send the user information about our company. We do not sell or distribute this information to third parties.
Fair Housing Act (FHA)
Belmont Village Senior Living provides residential and support services to residents without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status, or national origin. We are an equal opportunity employer.
Legal Terms and Conditions
Information on this site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors, and Belmont Village Senior Living may at any time revise its contents. Furthermore, Belmont Village may revise the terms and conditions contained on this page, and therefore you should periodically visit this page to determine the then-current terms governing the use of the site and of the information and materials presented here.
Access to and use of this web site is at your own risk and Belmont Village does not warrant that the use of this web site or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, including but not limited to loss of data or computer virus infection. Belmont Village bears no responsibility or liability for your use of any third party vendor’s software, products, services or equipment in connection with your access and use of this web site.
For your convenience, Belmont Village may provide links to sites belonging to other companies or associations. Those sites are not under the control of Belmont Village. Belmont Village has no responsibility for the contents of such sites, and the fact that a link to such sites has been provided is not to be interpreted as an endorsement of their contents. You shall remain solely responsible for protecting yourself from viruses and other destructive elements that may be present on those sites.
Belmont Village Senior Living
Find A Community
Toggle main menu visibility
Contact Us
Find A Community
Senior Choices
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Circle of Friends
Memory Care
Short Stay
Life at Belmont Village
Enrichment Programs
Hospitality
Health & Wellness
Staff & Training
Belmont Village Stories
American Heroes
Testimonials
Videos
About Us
Founder’s Message
Mission and Vision
University and Healthcare Partners
Careers
Culture
Career Growth
Rising Stars
Bright Ideas
A Day in the Life
View Careers Listing
Financial Planning