http://www.ascp.com/page/legal
Legal - American Society of Consultant Pharmacists
What's Hot | Profile | Help | Your Cart | Sign In | Join Now
Toggle navigationMENUSenior Care PharmacyWho We AreLearningResourcesEventsAdvocacyMembershipFoundation
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Legal
Terms of Use
Updated April 4, 2018
The following Terms of Use apply to all websites of the American Society of Consultant Pharmacists
and the ASCP Foundation (collectively, “ASCP”)
including but not limited to ascp.com and helpwithmymeds.org (collectively, the "Site"). In consideration of your use of the Site, you agree to the ASCP Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
The Terms of Use apply to all users of, and visitors to, the Site, including ASCP members and consumers. In addition, there are Member Terms of Use, which also apply to ASCP members and Virtual Pharmacy Network Terms of Use, which apply to ASCP members who wish to be listed therein. All Terms of Use are cumulative and are to be read together; none cancels out another. If there is more than one interpretation of how any Terms of Use may apply, the interpretation that is most expansive and gives ASCP the most protection shall prevail.
1. American Society of Consultant Pharmacists ascp.com User Account
You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the site's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account and password. You agree to (a) immediately notify ASCP of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. ASCP cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision, or any other provision under this Terms of Use.
You are responsible for ensuring that no unauthorized person shall have access to your password(s) or account(s). It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of your passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control (a) access to, and (b) use of your ASCP account(s) and password(s); (3) promptly inform ASCP if you wish to deactivate a password(s). You grant permission to ASCP to contact you via email, text message, facsimile, and other means, including for the purpose of promoting products, services, and other offerings. You grant ASCP and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Site the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Site. ASCP cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit to the Site, or for your or third parties' use or misuse of information transmitted or received using the Site.
2. Use of the Site
You understand that all information, including but not limited to data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials, (the "Materials"), are the sole responsibility of the person or entity from which such Materials originated. This means that you, and not ASCP, are solely responsible for all Materials that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available (collectively "Upload") to any portion of the Site. We do not control all of the Materials posted via the Site and, as such, cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Materials. You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to Materials that may be offensive or objectionable. Under no circumstances will ASCP be liable in any way for any Materials, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Materials, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Materials Uploaded via the Site. You agree to not use the Site to: (i) Upload any Materials that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable; (ii) Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an ASCP representative, or misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (iii) Upload any Materials that you do not have a legal right to make available or that infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; (iv) Upload any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any Material that contains software viruses or the like; or (v) Promote the products or services of any entity (even if you disclose your affiliation). You understand and agree that ASCP has the discretion to pre-screen Materials, and that we and our designees shall have the right in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any Materials posted to the Site.
ASCP and its respective agents and representatives, both individually and collectively, make no representations with respect to the contents hereof and specifically disclaim any other warranties, including but not limited to implied or express warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular usage, application, or purpose.
The material provided on the Site is designed for educational, informational and entertainment purposes only. It is provided with the understanding that ASCP is not engaged in rendering medical advice or recommendations. You should not rely on any information in text files, messages, or articles on this page to replace consultations with qualified health care professionals to meet your individual medical needs. Materials copyrighted by ASCP are for personal use only, and the compilation of information on the Site including, without limitation, the design and organization, is copyrighted and may not be reprinted nor electronically reproduced without prior permission. Permission to otherwise reprint or electronically reproduce any document in part or in its entirety is expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the rightful owner or ASCP. To obtain permission from ASCP for other than personal use, contact us ASCP here.
3. Termination of Use
You agree that ASCP, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, and remove and discard any Materials within the Site, for any reason. ASCP may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Site, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site under any provision hereof may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that ASCP may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Site. Further, you agree that ASCP shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Site.
4. Use of Uploaded Materials
ASCP does not claim ownership of Materials you upload on the Site. If you Upload Materials via the Site (either by offering suggestions via e-mail or participating in any interactive opportunities available on this Site), such information shall be considered non-confidential and ASCP shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information, and shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, or information contained in such Materials without any obligation and, for any purpose, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such information. In addition, you grant ASCP a world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license with respect to Materials to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Materials on the Site (i) to provide and promote the specific portion of the Site to which such Materials were submitted or made available, and (ii) for the purpose for which such Materials were submitted or made available. You agree to indemnify and hold ASCP, and its directors, officers, agents, subsidiary organizations, members, sponsors, partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Materials you Upload, your use of the Site, your connection to the Site, or your violation of any rights of another. ASCP retains the right to turn over any materials if legally requested to do so.
5. Social Media and Content
External Official Social Media Accounts
ASCP supports a proprietary online community as part of the Site, as well as an official blog.
ASCP also maintains an official ASCP presence on several major independent social media sites and networks, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, and LinkedIn (“Official Social Media Accounts”).
Fans, followers, and other users of ASCP’s accounts on those independent networks are subject to each site’s respective terms of use, in addition to the terms below, where applicable.
Official ASCP Social Media Accounts are managed by ASCP staff or authorized representatives in collaboration with and under guidance of ASCP staff.  ASCP does not permit the creation of social media accounts that use ASCP’s name and its intellectual property (e.g., ASCP service marks, logo(s), and copyrighted materials) without ASCP prior written authorization.  Please contact us here if you are aware of any unauthorized use of ASCP’s name and/or materials on a social media site.
Information shared within any of the ASCP Official Social Media Accounts are not reviewed by ASCP. These areas are provided for you to share personal experiences, connect with other visitors, and discuss anything relevant to consultant and senior care pharmacists. It is not intended as medical advice.  ASCP strongly recommends that patients and their caregivers always first consult with a licensed senior care or consultant pharmacist regarding their health condition before undertaking any change in therapies or other conditions. ASCP does not endorse and cannot and shall not be held liable for any recommendations made by users and visitors to the Site.
By using any one of more of the Official Social Media Accounts, you signify agreement to the ASCP Site Terms of Use.
Message Boards & Blogs
If you participate in one or more social media areas within the ASCP Site (“Message Boards” or “Blogs” or Social Link), you cannot:
· Participate if you are under the age of 13.
· Advocate illegal activity or discuss illegal activities;
· Post or distribute any vulgar, obscene, discourteous, unlawful, obscene, defamatory, unwelcome, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or indecent language or images or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by ASCP in its sole discretion;
· Advertise, sell to or solicit others;
· Make any bigoted, hateful, or racially offensive statements;
· Use the ASCP’s Official Social Media Accounts or the Message Boards contained within the Site for commercial purposes of any kind, even if you disclose yourself as a representative of such commercial entity;
· Post or distribute any software or other materials that contain a virus or other harmful component;
· Post material or make statements that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any chat room or bulletin board;
· Use the Message Boards for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws;
· Post or distribute any material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any law, including the intellectual property rights of others or the privacy or publicity rights of others; Continue to post comments after receiving a warning;
· Post chain letters or pyramid schemes; Impersonate another person;
· Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent;
· Allow any other person or entity to use your identification;
· Post the same note more than once or "spam";
· Engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Message Boards area of the Site, or which, in the judgment of ASCP, exposes ASCP or any of its members, customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of any type; or
· Copy, quote, or otherwise recreate any Social Networking messages, media, or other postings outside of the ascp.com domain without express written permission from ASCP.
You are solely responsible for your communications within the social media areas, the consequence(s) of posting these communications, and your reliance on any communications in these areas. If you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, contact your local law enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
When participating in the social media areas, never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated. Information obtained in these social media areas may not be reliable, and ASCP does not endorse any such information or recommend that you make decisions based on information you may view on these sites. ASCP is not and cannot be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information, and shall not be responsible for any decisions made based on such information.
ASCP reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following.
Investigate an allegation that a communication(s) do(es) not conform to the Terms of Use and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s);
Remove communications that are abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform to these Terms of Use;
Terminate a user's access to the social media areas and/or the Site upon any breach of these Terms of Use; or
Monitor or disclose any communication in the social media areas of the Site.
ASCP reserves the right to remove postings from any social media area or from Official Social Media Accounts at any time and for any reason. ASCP reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public. However, ASCP assumes no liability or responsibility to users of the Site or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
6. General Practices
You acknowledge that ASCP may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Site, including without limitation, the maximum number of days that Uploaded Materials will be retained by the Site, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on ASCP’s servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Site in a given period of time. You acknowledge that ASCP reserves the right to remove accounts. You further acknowledge that ASCP reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, without notice.
7. Links to Other Sites
The Site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that ASCP has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that ASCP shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource.
8. ASCP's Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Site and any necessary software used in connection with the Site ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Materials contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Site or advertisers is protected by copyright, trademarks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by ASCP, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Site or the Software, in whole or in part. ASCP grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Site. You agree not to access the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by ASCP for use in accessing the Site.
9. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities
BY SIGNIFYING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF USE, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". ASCP, ITS AGENTS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SPECIFICALLY, ASCP, ITS AGENTS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, TOOLS, LINKS, OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL ASCP, ITS AGENTS, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, PERSONAL INJURY/WRONGFUL DEATH, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ASCP IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
10. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
ASCP is a non-profit corporation, organized under section 501(c)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code, and is located in the United States of America. The Site is intended for the exclusive use of residents of the USA. Access to the Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries outside of the USA. If you access this site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. These General Terms of Use are governed by the internal substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without resort to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these General Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with ASCP, or in any way relating to your use of the Site, resides in the federal and state courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
11. DMCA Notification Guidelines
To notify ASCP of alleged copyright or trademark infringement on any of our websites, send a notice to the address down below. Please be sure to provide ALL of the following information (it is all required by 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3)):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the specific protected work that you claim is being infringed or the subject of infringing activity (if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works), along with information sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Identification of the material that you claim is infringing upon protected rights and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled (if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works), along with information sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail ("email") address (and the preferred method of contact, if you have one);
This statement: I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the material's owner, or its agent, or the law;
A statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate and that you have the authority to enforce the rights that you claim are being infringed;
Upon receipt of the above information, ASCP will promptly investigate and take appropriate action, then notify you of that action at the contact address you provide. We may need to contact you for more information before we take action.
Designated Agent for Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Address:
American Society of Consultant Pharmacists
1240 N Pitt Street, Third Floor
Alexandria, VA 22314
Email:
contact here
Phone:
703-739-1300
Last Reviewed: April 4, 2018
Last Edited: April 4, 2018
Member Terms of Use
In addition to the General Terms of Use, ASCP members are subject to the following:
1. Qualifications
You confirm that you meet all qualifications for the membership category in which you have applied and been accepted. For any other ASCP status or program that has eligibility criteria, you represent that you will satisfy those criteria prior to achieving that status or participating in that program.
2. Directories and Registries
You confirm that all information you have provided in order to qualify for listing in any ASCP directory or registry is truthful, and you meet all qualifications and criteria for such listing.
3. Certifications
You confirm that all information you have provided in order to qualify for any ASCP certification is truthful, and you meet all qualifications and criteria for such certification.
4. Member Data
You acknowledge and agree that your name, contact information, and other data will be included in one or more directories accessible by the public through this Site.
5. Dues, Fees, and Other Obligations
You agree to pay all membership dues applicable to your membership, in addition to any other ASCP fees imposed on you, on a timely basis. Failure to comply with any member obligation can result in disciplinary action, including suspension or termination of membership.
6. Representations
You confirm that all representations you make to ASCP or ASCP agents, representatives or personnel related to ASCP, or in order to participate in any ASCP offering, will be truthful.
7. Relationship
You acknowledge that no partnership, joint venture, or agency exists between you and ASCP.
8. Bylaws and Policies
You agree to abide by the terms of the ASCP bylaws, policies, rules, and codes.
9. Legal Compliance
You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations related to your work and related to your participating in ASCP and any ASCP program.
10. Warranties
ASCP membership, including all membership benefits, offerings, and programs, as well as any information and materials provided by or through ASCP, are provided "as is" with no warranties whatsoever, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, and ASCP expressly disclaims any warranty of merchantability, noninfringement, fitness for any particular purpose, or any warranty.
Last Reviewed: April 4, 2018
Last Edited: April 4, 2018
Senior Care Pharmacist Directory Disclaimer
The Senior Care Pharmacist Directory is made available for informational purposes only to assist consumers in finding a Senior Care Pharmacist. Search results are limited to ASCP members only. Information in the Directory is self-reported by ASCP member pharmacists. ASCP does not verify the information provided. Appearance in the Directory is not an endorsement or recommendation by ASCP. The only criterion for being listed in the Directory is membership in ASCP. No express warranty of any kind is made, and all implied warranties are disclaimed, regarding information in the Directory. Users of the Directory are also subject to the ASCP website Terms of Use.
Virtual Pharmacist Network Directory
The information in the Virtual Pharmacist Network Directory is provided for informational purposes in order to assist companies select qualified pharmacists. ASCP does not warrant or guarantee the performance of any pharmacist in the Directory.
While ASCP believes that the pharmacists listed in the Directory have met the published criteria for inclusion in the Virtual Pharmacist Network, ASCP makes no warranty in this regard. Background checks, licensure verification, and similar tasks are performed by third parties engaged by ASCP. While ASCP believes these are reputable and competent firms, ASCP cannot guarantee their work is error-free. Good faith efforts are made to ensure the information in the Directory is current, but the compliance status of listed pharmacists is updated periodically, and therefore there is necessarily a time lag from when the updated information is generated and when it is published in the Directory. Users of the Directory are also subject to the ASCP website Terms of Use.
Virtual Pharmacist Network Terms of Use
Any person applying for, and included in the Virtual Pharmacist Network agrees to:
Pay all fees required to apply for, and be included and remain in, the VPN, with the understanding that no fees are refunded if an application is denied or certified status revoked.
Warrant that the information provided in the application for inclusion in the VPN will be truthful and complete.
Notify ASCP if there is any change in status or any new development that may result in failure to comply.
Cooperate with ASCP and third parties contracted by ASCP in compliance verification (background checks, confirmation of necessary licenses, etc.).
Authorize their name, contact information, and other personal and professional data to be included in the Directory and such other places ASCP determines in its discretion, and to be made available, including for financial consideration, to such persons and in such manner as ASCP determines.
Release and agree not to sue, ASCP, its officers, directors, members, employees, and contractors, and hold all such persons harmless, from and against any claims, demands, causes of action, and lawsuits related to the VPN, including the application process, and exclusion or removal from the VPN.
Privacy Policy
Updated October 10, 2016
Our Commitment to Privacy
The American Society of Consultant Pharmacists (“ASCP” or “we” or “us” or “our”) is committed to responsible information handling practices.  You can visit most pages on the Sites (as defined herein) without giving us any information about yourself.  Sometimes, however, we require information from you to provide information or services you request.  This Privacy Policy explains data collection and use in those situations.  By visiting the Sites, you consent to the information practices described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.ascp.com (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites operated by or for ASCP (collectively, the “Sites”).  This Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites that may be accessible through the Sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of persons or entities that ASCP does not control, manage, or employ. The Sites contain links to other sites that are operated by third parties, including, but not limited to, third party sites that may display ASCP’s name, trademarks, service marks and logos. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.
1. Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you request information, order a product or service, register using one of our forms, donate, or contact us offline, we may need your specific information in order to process your registration/request and reply promptly.
We may ask you for Personal Information (such as your name, email, address, zip code, or age). We also collect demographic and profile data at our Sites and in our databases. We ask for health-related data to help us help you through our information, our programs and our services. Generally, our uses of Personal Information collected online include, without limitation, responding to your inquiry about volunteering time to ASCP, enabling you to make a donation, purchasing a product from the Sites, or providing information, such as sending marketing communications and newsletters.  We use data you provide to tailor your experience at the Sites and develop and distribute content that we think you might be interested in.
We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties, except as described here. To learn more about our encryption policies, please review the section on "Protecting Personal Information" (below).
2. Links to Other Sites
This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that ASCP has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that ASCP shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource.
3. Monitoring of Information
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the Sites. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Sites, new services or features offered by ASCP, and special offers and information we think you will find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please contact us through one of the channels identified in "How to Correct or Update Information" (below).
Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this Web site. Google Analytics does not maintain individual profiles for visitors, nor does Google Analytics collect data that might identify the individual visitor. Google Analytics only collects aggregate data. Click here for more information about the Google Analytics privacy policy.
4. Protecting Personal Information
When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. This secure server software, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates.
5. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and Cookies
We collect standard information, by way of a cookie, to help us evaluate how our sites are being used. A cookie is a small uniquely identifiable text file that is stored on your machine. A cookie collects information that is used for statistical purposes and does not identify you in any way.
Our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don't see the same content repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver information specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent that. Even without accepting cookies, you can still use most of the features throughout the Sites.
ASCP Policies Regarding Disclosure of Personal Information
ASCP, like many other non-profit organizations, occasionally makes available only our contributor names and postal addresses to companies, predominantly to other non-profit organizations. These practices help us reduce costs of reaching more individuals with our consultant pharmacist-related information. These companies are carefully screened.
Names/addresses are provided on a one-time basis; therefore, these companies will not have continued access to your name and address unless you respond to them directly, which you are free to do or not to do.
You can request that we do not share, sell, or exchange your information for third party’s fundraising or marketing purposes by contacting us here. (If you use more than one email address, postal address or telephone number, please identify each one.)
ASCP may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personal identifying information.
User-provided information provided on independent social media sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, and LinkedIn) may be publicly visible to ASCP, its staff and volunteers managing ASCP presences on those sites. These ASCP staff and volunteers may rely on this information for real-time, one-on-one engagement, but the information is not otherwise collected or otherwise used by ASCP.
6. Notification Guidelines
ASCP does not send unsolicited commercial communications to individuals with whom they do not have consent/permission or a pre-existing or current business relationship.
ASCP provides all notified recipients with a clear, easy and effective method to unsubscribe to any and all online communications.
7. How to Correct or Update Information
Here are the options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Please contact us here or send a letter to:
American Society of Consultant Pharmacists
1240 N Pitt Street, Third Floor
Alexandria, VA 22314
8. Tell Us What You Think
ASCP welcomes your questions and comments about this privacy statement, about the practices of ASCP, and about your dealings with our Sites. Please contact us here, or write to:
American Society of Consultant Pharmacists
1240 N Pitt Street, Third Floor
Alexandria, VA 22314
State Nonprofit Disclosures
Certain states require written disclosures for nonprofit organizations soliciting contributions. Individual state disclosures are below.
Florida: A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE, WITHIN THE STATE, 1-800-435-7352 (800-HELP-FLA), OR VISITING www.FloridaConsumerHelp.com. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. Florida Registration #CH19486
Georgia: A full and fair description of our programs and our financial statement summary is available upon request at our office and phone number indicated above.
Maryland:For the cost of copies and postage, from the Office of the Secretary of State, State House, Annapolis, MD 21401.
Mississippi: The official registration and financial information of American Society of Consultant Pharmacists Foundation may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State's office by calling 1-888-236-6167. Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement.
Nevada: Contributions may be tax deductible pursuant to the provisions of sec. 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 26 U.S.C. ¤170(c).
New Jersey:: INFORMATION FILED WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL CONCERNING THIS CHARITABLE SOLICITATION AND THE PERCENTAGE OF CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED BY THE CHARITY DURING THE LAST REPORTING PERIOD THAT WERE DEDICATED TO THE CHARITABLE PURPOSE MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY BY CALLING (973) 504-6215 AND IS AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET AT www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/charfrm.htm. REGISTRATION WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT.
New York: Upon request, from the Attorney General Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway, New York, NY 10271.
North Carolina: Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 1-919-814-5400. The license is not an endorsement by the state.
Pennsylvania: The official registration and financial information of American Society of Consultant Pharmacists Foundation may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999.
Virginia: From the State Office of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.
Washington: From the Secretary of State at 1-800-332-4483 or http://www.sos.wa.gov/charities/
West Virginia: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305.
Wisconsin: A financial statement of the charitable organization disclosing assets, liabilities, fund balances, revenue and expenses for the preceding fiscal year will be provided to any person upon request.
REGISTRATION WITH A STATE AGENCY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL OR RECOMMENDATION BY THAT STATE.
More information about nonprofit fundraiser disclosures and annual charity registrations.
Last Reviewed: April 4, 2018
Last Edited:  January 30, 2019
Member Login
Login with Facebook
Login with LinkedIn
OR
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Join Now
Latest News
more
9/2/2020ASCP Champions Pharmacists as Vaccine Providers for COVID-19 Immunization
9/2/2020PointClickCare Revolutionizes Parkinson’s Disease Psychosis Diagnosis with Innovative Screening Tool
Calendar
more
10/13/2020Women’s Leadership Virtual Guest Lecture: Spotlight on Mentoring Female Pharmacists10/14/2020Webinar: Restless for a Restless Leg Syndrome Update for Older Adults
ASCP
1240 N Pitt St, Suite 300, Alexandria, VA 22314
© 2016-2018 ASCP | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
ASCP Foundation | BCGP
X
Legal