http://www.serenitylane.org/terms-of-service/
1 (800) 543-9905   or   Submit a Confidential InquiryWe admit 7 days a weekSame day admissions possible - Most insurance accepted
Terms of Service
Serenity Lane Treatment Center
Home
Terms of Service
Use of this Website:
Thank you for visiting serenitylane.org (the “Website”), which is owned and operated by Serenity Lane (together with its affiliates, “Serenity Lane ”). You should not access or use this Website until you have carefully read and agreed to these terms and conditions of use (the “Terms”). By using this Website, you fully accept and agree to comply with these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not further access or use the Website. Serenity Lane is providing this Website as an information service to the internet community. Use of this Website and access to the material it contains is subject to the Terms as well as any and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, this Website may only be used for lawful purposes. All materials provided on this Website are information of a general nature and do not address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. Nothing in this Website constitutes professional and/or financial advice, nor does any information on this Website constitute a comprehensive or complete statement of the matters discussed or the applicable laws, rules and regulations relating thereto. No action should be taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon information provided on or otherwise obtained directly or indirectly through this Website. Advice from a suitably qualified professional should always be sought in relation to any particular matter or circumstance. You should check the Website and these Terms periodically for modifications. Serenity Lane may modify the Website and/or the Terms from time to time without notice to you. By using the Website following any modifications to the Terms, you agree to be bound by these Terms as modified. These Terms supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our terms and conditions of use with respect to this Website.
Nothing on this Website constitutes or forms a part of any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities of Serenity Lane or any investment vehicle managed or advised by or on behalf of Serenity Lane , nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or be relied upon in any connection with any contract or commitment of any kind whatsoever.
THIS WEBSITE AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. NEITHER Serenity Lane NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “REPRESENTATIVES”) IS PROVIDING ANY WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THIS WEBSITE. Serenity Lane AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Serenity Lane AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED ON THE WEBSITE AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION.
Under no circumstances will Serenity Lane or its Representatives be liable for any direct or indirect consequential, incidental, loss of profit, special, punitive, or exemplary damages arising out of any use of or inability to use the Website or any portion thereof, regardless of whether Serenity Lane or its Representatives have been apprised of the likelihood of such damages occurring and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), strict liability, or otherwise. You hereby agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Serenity Lane and its Representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, in any way arising from, related to, or in connection with your use of the Website, your violation of these Terms, and/or the posting or transmission of any communications, information, or materials on or through the Website by you or on your behalf, including, without limitation, any third party claim that any such communications, information, or materials infringe upon any third party proprietary right.
Information Submitted to Serenity Lane /Prohibited Uses:
Please do not send any information to Serenity Lane that constitutes a trade secret or is confidential or proprietary in nature. Serenity Lane cannot agree to obligations of confidentiality, non-use or non-disclosure with regard to information submitted to it. By submitting information or materials to Serenity Lane , you and any and all parties acting on your behalf, agree that any such information or materials will not be considered confidential or proprietary. Serenity Lane is not obligated to review any information or materials sent to it, and Serenity Lane reserves the right to reject any and all communications, information and/or materials in its sole discretion, and Serenity Lane and its Representatives shall be under no obligation to return any information or materials to you. It is possible that Serenity Lane and/ or its Representatives will receive a number of similar plans and ideas, and you understand that your idea may have previously been submitted to Serenity Lane and/or its Representatives and may be under our consideration. In no event shall Serenity Lane or its Representatives be limited or restricted from pursuing any opportunities with others.
Serenity Lane specifically prohibits any use of the Website for: (a) posting any (i) information which is incomplete, false, inaccurate or not your own, (ii) trade secrets or material that is copyrighted or otherwise owned by a third party unless you have a valid license from the owner which permits you to post it, or (iii) material that infringes on any other intellectual property, privacy or publicity right of another person or entity; (b) impersonating another person or entity; (c) engaging in or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any city, state, national or international law or regulation, or which fails to comply with accepted Internet protocol; or (d) transmitting or transferring (by any means) information or software derived from the Website to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation of applicable laws, rules and/or regulations. In addition, you are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Website or Serenity Lane ’s systems or network security, including, without limitation, the following: (1) accessing data not intended for users of the Website or gaining unauthorized access to an account, server or any other computer system; (2) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures; (3) attempting to interfere with the function of the Website, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Website, overloading, “flooding”, “mailbombing”, “crashing”, or sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (4) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of the Website’s or Serenity Lane ’s systems or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
Serenity Lane Proprietary Rights:
The Website, including any and all of its contents, such as text, images, audio, and the HTML used to generate the pages (collectively, the “Content”), are the sole and exclusive property of Serenity Lane or that of our suppliers or licensors and are protected by patent, trademark and/or copyright under applicable laws, rules and regulations. Except as otherwise provided herein, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, modify, prepare derivative works from, delete, add to, license, post, transmit, or distribute any Content from this Website in whole or in part, for any public or commercial purpose without the express prior written consent of Serenity Lane . Serenity Lane hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access the Website, and to use the information and services available on the Website solely for personal, internal and non-commercial purposes. Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Website does not grant you a license to any Content, features or materials you may access on the Website. You hereby grant to Serenity Lane a non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, worldwide, and royalty-free license to use any content you post on the Website for any purpose, subject to the express terms of this Agreement. As between you and Serenity Lane (or another company whose marks appear on the Website), Serenity Lane (or the respective company) is the owner and/or authorized user of any trademark, registered trademark and/or service mark appearing on the Website, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the Content and/or information on the Website. In particular, the Serenity Lane logos and service names are trademarks of Serenity Lane (collectively, the “Serenity Lane Marks”). Without Serenity Lane ’s express prior written consent, you agree not to display or use any of the Serenity Lane Marks in any manner whatsoever. Nothing on the Website should be construed to grant any license or right to use any Serenity Lane Mark without the express prior written consent of Serenity Lane . Serenity Lane Marks may be registered in the United States and internationally.
Linked Websites:
When you select certain hyperlinks you will be leaving the Serenity Lane Website. These hyperlinks take you to publicly available Websites, which are not within the control of Serenity Lane . Serenity Lane and its Representatives make no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such Websites, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or suitability thereof for any particular purpose, nor do Serenity Lane and its Representatives warrant that such Websites or their content are free from any claims of copyright, trademark, or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such Websites or content are devoid of viruses or other contamination. Links to the non-Serenity Lane Websites do not imply any endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information, or services offered at such Websites, or any representation regarding the content at such Websites.
Local Restrictions:
There are legal requirements in various countries and jurisdictions which may restrict the information which Serenity Lane can lawfully provide the user. Persons into whose possession the information in this Website comes should inform themselves about and observe any restrictions imposed in the jurisdiction in which the Website is accessed.
Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to track visitors to, and usage of, this Website through “cookies” and similar techniques and to use any resulting information as we determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
General:
You agree that the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, shall govern these Terms and any and all matters or controversies arising therefrom or otherwise relating thereto. Please note that your use of the Website may be subject to other local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of New York for enforcement of these Terms. The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Any claim or cause of action you may have with respect to Serenity Lane , its Representatives, and/or the Website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose. The failure of Serenity Lane or its Representatives to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. You may not assign these Terms or any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without Serenity Lane ’s express prior written consent. These Terms inure to the benefit of Serenity Lane ’s and its Representatives’ respective successors, assigns and licensees. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Serenity Lane and govern your use of the Website, superseding any prior agreements between you and Serenity Lane or its Representatives.
Get help today:   1 (800) 543-9905 or Submit a Confidential Inquiry.
Serenity Lane
RSS Youtube Twitter Facebook
Non-profit treatment centers for alcohol and drug addictions.
Treatment facilities located in:
Coburg,
Eugene,
SE Portland,
SW Portland,
Salem,
Albany,
Bend,
and Roseburg, OR
and Vancouver WA
Coburg Campus
1 (800) 543-9905 Serenity Lane, PO Box 8549, Coburg, OR 97408
Visiting information
Coburg Campus Visiting Rules & Information
Copyright Serenity Lane 2020. All rights reserved.
Terms of services   |   Privacy policy   |   Sitemap