http://www.rehabedge.com/privacy.aspx
CEU Search
Contact
Products
Forum
Advertise
LoginLogout
Overview
At RehabEdge, we understand the importance of online privacy, and we strive to keep members informed of our privacy practices. We've established the following policies to explain how we use information collected from you. Please read the policy carefully and notify us if you have questions.
By becoming a member of this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and accepted the terms of the RehabEdge privacy policy.
Registration
We ask you to complete a registration form so that you may gain access to certain portions of RehabEdge.
Becoming a registered member simplifies your online experience and provides you with relevant content.
The RehabEdge registration form requires contact information, such as your name and e-mail address, unique identifiers such as a username and password, and demographic information such as your zip code, education, and professional status. We use this information to verify your identity as well as for other purposes.
For example, your contact information allows RehabEdge staff to get in touch with you for administrative purposes, when necessary. Demographic and profile data helps us to improve your RehabEdge experience.
By understanding your preferences, we can offer you appropriate content, products and services to meet your specific needs.
Opt-in procedures
During registration, you may choose to receive e-mail notifications of special offers and discounts from two different sources:
RehabEdge Update
Job Alert
At any point after completing the registration form, you may opt-in to these services or cancel them by changing the preferences in your user profile.
Participating in surveys and contests
RehabEdge occasionally offers contests and surveys, in which we ask participants for contact information, unique identifiers, and demographic information. These contests and surveys are always voluntary and never required to gain access to RehabEdge.
We use contact information to notify winners and award prizes. Survey responses assist us in providing relevant content and improving your overall experience at RehabEdge.
Participating in public forums
The RehabEdge Forum is a public area for rehabilitation professionals. Please remember that that information you choose to disclose in it may be viewed by anyone, anywhere. Exercise caution when disclosing personal information in any of these areas.
RehabEdge cannot be held accountable for information willingly shared in a public forum or other area because the information can be viewed by other members and anonymous parties over whom RehabEdge has no control. Keep in mind at all times that information shared by other users in a public area is never examined by the clinical and editorial experts at RehabEdge for accuracy, appropriateness, and currentness. RehabEdge cannot be held liable for events arising from the use of information in a public forum.
Order fulfillment
When purchasing a product or service from RehabEdge, you will be asked to provide contact information, unique identifiers, and financial information, such as your billing account or credit card numbers. We use your contact information to reach you if a problem occurs with your order. We use your financial information for billing and to make sure your order is fulfilled properly.
Using your information
RehabEdge collects information to make sure you receive the most current news, information, and CE activities that are available and relevant to your physical therapy practice. RehabEdge owns the personal information collected on the site. We won't share this information with other parties except as described in this policy statement.
Sharing information with third parties
We compile, or aggregate, information collected from and about our members in a database. We share information in the aggregate with our partners and advertisers. No personally identifiable information is included.
We use a credit card-processing company, Authorize.net, to administer purchases made on the site, and a shipping company to fulfill orders for products other than those delivered online. We share your personal information with these partners to ensure that your purchases are fulfilled properly and in a timely manner. These partners do not use this information for any other purpose.
Using cookies
RehabEdge uses a technology called cookies to maintain information on your computer. A cookie is a small packet of information that you've shared with us. We use cookies to store your account information, fulfill and track your purchases and, ultimately, make it easier for you to use the site.
To take full advantage of the services RehabEdge provides, you must have cookies turned on. Consult your computer's Help section to learn how to turn cookies on or off. Be assured that demographic information is shared only in the aggregate (not individual information) and that our partners are committed to using that information only to offer products and services that meet your needs.
Gathering other data
We use computer-specific addresses (called Internet Protocol, or IP, addresses) to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad, aggregate demographic information. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to tie your purchases to your user information. Your IP address also helps us analyze trends, diagnose problems with our servers, and administer our Web site.
Links to other sites
RehabEdge offers links to other sites as a service to its members. We select these sites carefully and strive to link only to reputable, professional resources. However, RehabEdge cannot control the content on sites not under its direct control, nor can it be held responsible for the content or services provided by third-party Web sites. Be sure to review the privacy policy of all third-party sites that you visit through RehabEdge.
Correcting your personal information
You may modify your personal information at any time by making changes to your user profile. If you need assistance in making changes to your profile, please contact us at 866-392-3343.
Security and updates
RehabEdge takes stringent precautions to protect our members' information. We have established online and offline security measures to avoid the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control, and we constantly refine those measures to maintain tight security.
Credit-card information and other personal data you supply is protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, the most effective security in the e-commerce industry. While browsing nonsecure sites or pages, you may notice an unlocked padlock icon at the bottom of Web browsers, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator. On secure pages, such as order forms or registration forms, the secure, or locked, padlock icon appears. When you see that locked padlock, you know the site you're on is secure and your information is as safe as possible.
RehabEdge member information is protected offline as well. Access to member information is restricted in our administrative offices, available only to employees who need the information to perform their jobs, such as those responsible for billing or customer service.
Further, all employee passwords must be changed regularly. Employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices and instructed in the importance of maintaining security. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are maintained in a secure environment. We believe these and other measures provide exceptional security for your information.
If you have questions about the security of your information, please free to contact us by mail or e-mail.
Changes to this policy
If RehabEdge's privacy policy changes, we will post the changes immediately. Members will be notified by e-mail if we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, and members will have a choice about whether we use their information in this different manner.
Contacting RehabEdge
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with RehabEdge in any way, please feel free to contact us by phone or e-mail:
RehabEdge Customer Service - (866) 392-3343 or e-mail michelle@rehabedge.com
© 2020 RehabEdge, LLC | All rights reserved | privacy policy