https://www.epilepsyqueensland.com.au/about-epilepsy-epilepsy-queensland/epilepsy/glossary-of-epilepsy-terms-explained
About Epilepsy
Epilepsy
What is Epilepsy?
Facts about Epilepsy
New Epilepsy Diagnosis
SUDEP
Glossary of Terms Explained
Frequently asked questions – FAQs
Seizure Types
What is a Seizure?
What are the Different Types of Seizures?
Febrile Seizures
Seizure First Aid
Epilepsy Management Plan
Emergency Management Plan
Seizure First Aid Resources
Seizure Smart September awareness tokens
First Aid for Seizures in Water
First Aid for Seizures in Chair
Status Epilepticus
Epilepsy Treatment
Epilepsy Medications
Epilepsy Surgery
Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) Therapy
Epilepsy Dietary Therapy
Medicinal Cannabis
Epilepsy Syndromes
Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Doose Syndrome
Dravet Syndrome
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy (JME)
Photosensitive Epilepsy
Other Epilepsy Syndromes
Functional Neurological Disorder
Living Well
Seizure Triggers
Epilepsy Risk Management
Documentation of Seizures
Aids and Equipment
Transport and Driving Guidelines
What to Take to Your Neurologist Appointment
Epilepsy and employment
For Children
For Teenagers
Women and Epilepsy
Epilepsy and Older People
Our Services
Information
Support
Epilepsy Support Groups
Advocacy
Education and Training
Epilepsy Workshops
Online Training
Online Learning Modules
Epilepsy Helpline
Seminars
NDIS
About the NDIS
EQI and the NDIS
NDIS Pre-planning Support
NDIS Resources
Assistive Technology (AT) Assessments
Children’s Program
Little Poss Club
Educational Resources
Epilepsy Smart Schools
Books
And Down Went Poss by Anne Little
Poss’s School Days by Anne Little
Lucy’s First Disco by Robin Adolphs
Out of the Shadows by Neil Cadigan and Wally Lewis
Research
The Australian Pregnancy Register
Get Involved
What’s On
Donate or Fundraise
Support our Christmas Appeal
Other Ways to Give and Make a Difference
Bequests
Corporate Partnerships
Workplace Giving
Play for Purpose Lottery
Become a Member
Membership Form
Purple Day
Purple Day Celebration and Illuminations
Our Retail Range
Pharmacies and Businesses
Schools
Purple Recipes
Volunteer
Online Shop
About Us
About Epilepsy Queensland
Mission, Goals and Values
Customer Service Charter
Our Strategic Priorities
Our Constitution
Our History
Quality Management System and Certification
Annual Reports
Government Funding
Our People
Our Patron – Wally Lewis
Our Board
Our Team
Careers at Epilepsy Queensland
Legal Status
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Feedback
News
Coronavirus and Epilepsy
Community Awareness
Latest news and information
Media Releases
Publications
Share Your Story
Personal Stories
Jeska’s Epilepsy Story
Jaz’s Epilepsy Story
Rhyannan’s Epilepsy Story
Roger’s Epilepsy Story
Subscribe
Contact Us
About EpilepsyEpilepsyGlossary of Terms Explained
Glossary of terms
Epilepsy is a complex condition. It is not surprising that the jargon used in the field of epilepsy can be complex as well.
We have put together a list of words that we are commonly asked about, and what they mean. For more specific, detailed definitions and descriptions, we suggest that you speak with your doctor, do some reading or give us a call on 1300 852 853.
Absence seizure – A type of generalised seizure, previously known as “petit mal”. These seizures typically are a very brief lapse of consciousness, so brief that they may go unnoticed, and are characterised by blank staring.
Atonic seizure – Also a type of generalised seizure sometimes referred to as a “drop attack”. There is a sudden loss of muscle tone that may cause falling.
Aura – A focal seizure where the person can feel and remember the experience.
Automatism – A  repetitive, automatic movement during or after seizures – e.g. fiddling with clothes, or repeated swallowing.
Cognitive – To do with the thinking processes. It includes memory, problem-solving etc.
Complex partial seizure – An old term for a focal seizure that occurs in part of the brain and impairs consciousness.
CT scan – CT stands for ‘computed tomography’. X-rays and computers create pictures of the brain. CT scans are often used when epilepsy is being considered and investigated for the first time.
Convulsion – An older term for seizure (especially a tonic-clonic).
Dialeptic – A seizure that is characterised by impaired awareness of, interaction with or memory of ongoing events.
Dyscognitive – A state where awareness is not maintained throughout an episode.
EEG – Abbreviated term for electroencephalogram. It involves being “wired” up with electrodes (we’ve heard kids call it the ‘funny hat’ test), and measures the brain’s electrical activity. It is a very important diagnostic tool for epilepsy.
Focal seizure – Seizures which occur when the seizure activity occurs in only part of the brain.
Generalised seizure – Where the seizure activity affects the whole brain. Common generalised seizures include tonic-clonic seizures and absence seizures.
Ictal – The period during a seizure. (Interictal – the time between seizures; postictal – the time immediately after a seizure).
Infantile spasms – A type of seizure (characterised by brief, sudden flexion of the head, trunk and limbs) found in infancy and early childhood.
Ketogenic diet – A high-fat diet sometimes used to control seizures.
MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) – A scanning technique which uses a strong magnet rather than x-rays. It gives a picture with clearer definition than a CT scan but is more difficult to access than a CT scan in some areas of Queensland.
Myoclonic seizure – Involves a brief, sudden jerk – usually symmetric, of the muscles in the upper limbs and body.
Photosensitive epilepsy – A type of reflex epilepsy where light, particularly flashing lights (e.g. strobes) may cause seizures. Only a small percentage of people with epilepsy (approx. 3%)  have photosensitive epilepsy.
Pseudoseizures (or psychogenic seizures) – Seizures which are psychological in their origin, but this is not to say that they are brought on consciously. Video EEG monitoring is of assistance in identifying seizures of this kind.
Temporal lobe epilepsy – Term for epilepsy arising in the temporal lobe of the brain.
Tonic seizure – A generalised seizure, sometimes referred to as a “drop attack”. There is a stiffening without jerking, that may cause falling.
Tonic-clonic seizure – A generalised seizure in which the person falls, loses consciousness, stiffens and the body jerks.
Reflex epilepsy – When seizures are triggered by sensory stimuli (as is the case with photosensitive epilepsy).
Seizure – A temporary sudden change in the electrical and chemical activity in the brain which causes a change in behaviour, thought or sensation.
Simple partial seizures – An older term for a focal seizure that does not impair consciousness.