http://www.npic.org/legal/
Website Usage: Privacy Policy
Please read the following information carefully. By choosing to use NPIC websites, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of our Legal Notices and our Disclaimer. Continuing to use NPIC websites indicates your acceptance of all terms and conditions of our Legal Notices and our Disclaimer. If you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions, exit the website immediately.
NPIC reserves the right to revise these terms and notices, and therefore encourages you to review them regularly, because using the websites will indicate your acceptance of, and agreement with, all terms and notices.
Content and information on NPIC websites are protected by copyright law, and may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, in entirety or part, without prior written consent. The sole exception is that, unless otherwise stated, users may print or download information from NPIC public website for personal, non-commercial use only, provided they identify the source of the material and include a statement that the materials are protected by copyright law. Permission to reprint or otherwise reproduce any document in whole or in part is prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the copyright owner.
1. Limitation of Liability
NPIC and other third parties mentioned on this site are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or other damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data, or business interruption) arising out of or relating in any way to the site, site-related services and products, content or information contained within the site, and/or any hyperlinked website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the site, site-related services, and/or hyperlinked websites is to stop using the site and/or those services. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
2. Accuracy and Integrity of Information
Although NPIC attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of its websites, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of the site. It is possible that the site could include typographical errors, inaccuracies or other errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alterations could be made to the site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform NPIC so that it can be corrected. Information contained on the site may be changed or updated without notice.
3. Member Sites and Other Interactive Areas
NPIC may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas of the site where members transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including, but not limited to bulletin boards and other user forums, and the content or any such communications. NPIC, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. NPIC retains the right to remove, in its sole discretion, communications that include any material deemed abusive, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise inappropriate.
4. Links or Pointers to Other Sites
NPIC makes no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may access through this site. When you access a non-NPIC site, please understand that it is independent from NPIC, and that NPIC has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-NPIC website does not mean that NPIC endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of the linked site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use or download is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Persons or organizations that have other websites are permitted to link any complete page on NPIC websites. Linking to specific elements on these websites, such as logos, trademarks, photographs, illustrations, online forms or surveys, is not permitted. Copying onto any other website or server of information, content, or material, including logos, trademarks, photographs, illustrations, online forms or surveys, in its entirety or part, is not permitted.
Terms and conditions stated in our Disclaimer and Legal Notices are entered into in the State of Rhode Island and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island, exclusive of its choice of law rules. Each party to these terms and conditions submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Providence, Rhode Island, and waives any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. In any action to enforce these terms and conditions, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys fees. In the event that any of the terms and conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these terms and conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
NPIC Website Usage
By using NPIC websites, you agree to accept this privacy policy. This policy may be changed, as needed, so please read this policy regularly and carefully.
We respect your privacy and, accordingly, you may use NPIC websites without disclosing personally identifiable information.
Click here to fill out the 990 request form
We use cookies to improve your experience and analyze our website traffic.
By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Accept