https://www.alluraskin.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Allura Skin & Laser Center is committed to respecting our visitors’ privacy and protecting their personal information from misuse or unauthorized disclosure and complying with privacy laws.
Allura Skin & Laser Center  values its reputation and aims to maintain high ethical standards in the conduct of our business affairs.
Allura Skin & Laser Center ("us", "we", or "our") operates www.alluraskin.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
What information do we collect?
When filling in forms or calling the phone number listed on the website as appropriate, you may be asked to enter or provide your name, postcode and, email address and telephone number.
We will not collect any information about you without your explicit consent.
We will ask your consent every time we need to collect personal information about you.
We will explain in clear simple terms why we want to collect your information and what we will do with it, before seeking your consent, so you are fully informed. You will be given a clear and unambiguous option to opt in to any communications or services we might want to offer you.
All data is collected directly from you, the individual. We do not collect any of your personal data from any other sources. This includes any publicly accessible lists and or data sources, whether in the public domain or if we have a legitimate interest to be able to access those sources legally.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Identify you as a user in our system
Provide you with the Services and complete your transactions;
Provide you with customer support;
Help understand your needs and tailor the features and content of the services to you;
Respond to and, as applicable, fulfill your requests, resolve disputes and/or troubleshoot problems;
Send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security, or support and maintenance advisories;
Send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes;
Improve the quality and functionality of the services;
Share with our third-party software and services providers in order to facilitate our communications; and
Communicate with you about our services.
Any and all data in respect of – ‘What Information Do We Collect?’ is not subject to any automated decision making. We do not profile you using your data, any actions taken by us or our systems are as a direct result of explicit requests or consents you have chosen.
There are no foreseeable consequences of any significance in respect of providing the data or being removed from the records, except that we will not be able to contact you.
How do we protect your information?
We will store and process your data following industry best practices and security.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that there are appropriate arrangements in place that include provisions covering the appropriate secure transfer, handling and processing of the personal information by those entities and third parties.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Refer our Cookie Policy. Visit:  COOKIE POLICY
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you.  Where processing takes place by one of our trusted data processors, we ensure that our contracts with those third parties contain the appropriate GDPR / PIPEDA
model clauses and that all our third parties are also compliant with the GDPR, PIPEDA this affords your data the same protection away from our organization, as it does within it.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Your rights as an individual in respect of the data we hold
We respect the rights and freedom of individuals and as such we would like to make you aware of the following.
You have the right to:
Request access to your data
Request rectification of your data where there are errors or inaccuracies, or the data is not current
Request that the data we hold is removed entirely from our systems
Request us to restrict processing your data
Object to our processing your data
Request your data in a format that is commonly used/accepted
Send your data to another controller
Withdraw consent already provided – at any time
You also have the right to complain or withdraw your consent. To exercise your above rights, send a written request to policy@pri-pol.com
patient testimonials
“Dr. Maltz is very knowledgeable and very likable. He makes you feel very comfortable just by walking in. He is friendly and shows he cares about your health need and takes care of you efficiently and kindly.
Dr. Maltz is great!
The office staff I have encountered are all friendly and make you feel comfortable.”
~ John D.
read More
image gallery
Previous
View more
Next
Scroll Up
Home
About Us
Dr. Bruce Maltz
Dr. Carie Chui
Dr. Meghan Hession
Dr. Mariam Amin
Dr. Clemens Esche
Annie Coots, PA
Carmen Ng, L.E.
Cybele Pelcher, RN, LE
Lesley Bowler, PA-C
Close
Patient Information
Skin Conditions
Cosmetic Concerns
Botox Cosmetic
Dysport
Fillers
Laser Treatments
Laser Hair Removal
Laser Tattoo Removal
Intensed Pulse Light (IPL)
Fraxel
V-beam
Clear + Brilliant
Coolsculpting
MiraDry
Esthetician Services
Skin Care Products
Skin Cancer Treatments
Medical Conditions
Dermatology For Men
Testimonials
Image gallery
Blog
Contact Us
Book An Appointment
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Botox Cosmetic
Dysport
Fillers
Laser Treatments
Laser Hair Removal
Laser Tattoo Removal
Intensed Pulse Light (IPL)
Fraxel
V-beam
Clear + Brilliant
Coolsculpting
MiraDry
Esthetician Services
Skin Care Products
Skin Cancer Treatments
New Patients:
(650) 727-6008
Existing Patients:
(650) 344-1121