https://www.acentalaska.com/privacy-policy/
Home
|		Privacy Policy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices for Alaska Center for ENT (ACENT)
Tweet
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact the HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer of ACENT.
OUR OBLIGATIONS:
We are required by law to:
Maintain the privacy of protected health information
Give you this notice of our legal duties and privacy practices regarding health information about you
Follow the terms of our notice that is currently in effect
HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE HEALTH INFORMATION:
The following describes the ways we may use and disclose health information that identifies you (“Health Information”). Except for the purposes described below, we will use and disclose Health Information only with your written permission. You may revoke such permission at any time by writing to our practice HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer.
For Treatment. We may use and disclose Health Information for your treatment and to provide you with treatment-related health care services. For example, we may disclose Health Information to doctors, nurses, technicians, pharmacists, or other personnel, including people outside our office, who are involved in your medical care and need the information to provide you with medical care.
For Payment. We may use and disclose Health Information so that we or others may bill and receive payment from you, an insurance company or a third party for the treatment and services you received. For example, we may give your health plan information about you so that they will pay for your treatment.
For Health Care Operations. We may use and disclose Health Information for health care operations purposes. These uses and disclosures are necessary to make sure that all of our patients receive quality care and to operate and manage our office. For example, we may use and disclose information to make sure the ear, nose, and throat care you receive is of the highest quality. We also may share information with other entities that have a relationship with you (for example, your health plan) for their health care operation activities.
Appointment Reminders, Treatment Alternatives and Health Related Benefits and Services, Marketing, Fundraising. We may use and disclose Health Information to contact you to remind you that you have an appointment with us. We also may use and disclose Health Information to tell you about treatment alternatives or health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you. We may use certain information (name, address, telephone number or email information, age, date of birth, health insurance status, dates of service, department of service information, treating physician information or outcome information) to contact you for the purpose of fundraising supported by our office. You will have the right to opt out of receiving such communications for fundraising and/or marketing with each solicitation. You are free to opt out of fundraising and/or marketing solicitation, and your decision will have no impact on your treatment or payment for services at ENT Medical Center. Please contact the HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer to request that these fundraising and/or marketing materials not be sent to you.
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care. When appropriate, we may share Health Information with a person who is involved in your medical care or payment for your care, such as your family or a close friend. We also may notify your family about your location or general condition or disclose such information to an entity assisting in a disaster relief effort.
Research. Under certain circumstances, we may use and disclose Health Information for research. For example, a research project may involve comparing the health of patients who received one treatment to those who received another, for the same condition. Before we use or disclose Health Information for research, the project will go through a special approval process. Even without special approval, we may permit researchers to look at records to help them identify patients who may be included in their research project or for other similar purposes, as long as they do not remove or take a copy of any Health Information.
SPECIAL SITUATIONS:
As Required by Law. We will disclose Health Information when required to do so by international, federal, state or local law.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety. We may use and disclose Health Information when necessary to prevent a serious threat to your health and safety or the health and safety of the public or another person. Disclosures, however, will be made only to someone who may be able to help prevent the threat.
Business Associates. We may disclose Health Information to our business associates that perform functions on our behalf or provide us with services if the information is necessary for such functions or services. For example, we may use another company to perform billing services on our behalf. All of our business associates are obligated to protect the privacy of your information and are not allowed to use or disclose any information other than as specified in our contract.
Organ and Tissue Donation. If you are an organ donor, we may use or release Health Information to organizations that handle organ procurement or other entities engaged in procurement, banking or transportation of organs, eyes or tissues to facilitate organ, eye or tissue donation and transplantation.
Military and Veterans. If you are a member of the armed forces, we may release Health Information as required by military command authorities. We also may release Health Information to the appropriate foreign military authority if you are a member of a foreign military.
Workers’ Compensation. We may release Health Information for workers’ compensation or similar programs. These programs provide benefits for work-related injuries or illness.
Public Health Risks. We may disclose Health Information for public health activities. These activities generally include disclosures to prevent or control disease, injury or disability; report births and deaths; report child abuse or neglect; report reactions to medications or problems with products; notify people of recalls of products they may be using; a person who may have been exposed to a disease or may be at risk for contracting or spreading a disease or condition; and the appropriate government authority if we believe a patient has been the victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence. We will only make this disclosure if you agree or when required or authorized by law.
Health Oversight Activities. We may disclose Health Information to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law. These oversight activities include, for example, audits, investigations, inspections, and licensure. These activities are necessary for the government to monitor the health care system, government programs, and compliance with civil rights laws.
Data Breach Notification Purposes. We may use or disclose your Protected Health Information to provide legally required notices of unauthorized access to or disclosure of your health information.
Lawsuits and Disputes. If you are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose Health Information in response to a court or administrative order. We also may disclose Health Information in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process by someone else involved in the dispute, but only if efforts have been made to tell you about the request or to obtain an order protecting the information requested.
Law Enforcement. We may release Health Information if asked by a law enforcement official if the information is: (1) in response to a court order, subpoena, warrant, summons or similar process; (2) limited information to identify or locate a suspect, fugitive, material witness, or missing person; (3) about the victim of a crime even if, under certain very limited circumstances, we are unable to obtain the person’s agreement; (4) about a death we believe may be the result of criminal conduct; (5) about criminal conduct on our premises; and (6) in an emergency to report a crime, the location of the crime or victims, or the identity, description or location of the person who committed the crime.
Coroners, Medical Examiners and Funeral Directors. We may release Health Information to a coroner or medical examiner. This may be necessary, for example, to identify a deceased person or determine the cause of death. We also may release Health Information to funeral directors as necessary for their duties.
National Security and Intelligence Activities. We may release Health Information to authorized federal officials for intelligence, counter-intelligence, and other national security activities authorized by law.
Protective Services for the President and Others. We may disclose Health Information to authorized federal officials so they may provide protection to the President, other authorized persons or foreign heads of state or to conduct special investigations.
Inmates or Individuals in Custody. If you are an inmate of a correctional institution or under the custody of a law enforcement official, we may release Health Information to the correctional institution or law enforcement official. This release would be if necessary: (1) for the institution to provide you with health care; (2) to protect your health and safety or the health and safety of others; or (3) the safety and security of the correctional institution.
USES AND DISCLOSURES THAT REQUIRE US TO GIVE YOU AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBJECT AND OPT
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care. Unless you object, we may disclose to a member of your family, a relative, a close friend or any other person you identify, your Protected Health Information that directly relates to that person’s involvement in your health care. If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure, we may disclose such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment.
Disaster Relief. We may disclose your Protected Health Information to disaster relief organizations that seek your Protected Health Information to coordinate your care, or notify family and friends of your location or condition in a disaster. We will provide you with an opportunity to agree or object to such a disclosure whenever we practically can do so.
YOUR WRITTEN AUTHORIZATION IS REQUIRED FOR OTHER USES AND DISCLOSURES
The following uses and disclosures of your Protected Health Information will be made only with your written authorization:
Uses and disclosures of Protected Health Information for marketing purposes; and
Disclosures that constitute a sale of your Protected Health Information
Other uses and disclosures of Protected Health Information not covered by this Notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written authorization. If you do give us an authorization, you may revoke it at any time by submitting a written revocation to our HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer and we will no longer disclose Protected Health Information under the authorization. But disclosure that we made in reliance on your authorization before you revoked it will not be affected by the revocation.
YOUR RIGHTS:
You have the following rights regarding Health Information we have about you:
Right to Inspect and Copy. You have a right to inspect and copy Health Information that may be used to make decisions about your care or payment for your care. This includes medical and billing records. To inspect and copy this Health Information, you must make your request in writing. We have up to 30 days to make your Protected Health Information available to you and we may charge you a reasonable fee for the costs of copying, mailing or other supplies associated with your request. We may not charge you a fee if you need the information for a claim for benefits under the Social Security Act or any other state of federal needs-based benefit program. We may deny your request in certain limited circumstances. If we do deny your request, you have the right to have the denial reviewed by a licensed healthcare professional who was not directly involved in the denial of your request, and we will comply with the outcome of the review.
Under federal law, however, you may not inspect or copy psychotherapy notes; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of, or use in, a civil, criminal, or administrative action or proceeding; and laboratory results or other records that are subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information. Depending on the circumstances, a decision denying you access to such records may be reviewable. Please contact our HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer if you have questions about accessing your medical record.
Right to an Electronic Copy of Electronic Medical Records. If your Protected Health Information is maintained in an electronic format (known as an electronic medical record or an electronic health record), you have the right to request that an electronic copy of your record be given to you or transmitted to another individual or entity. We will make every effort to provide access to your Protected Health Information in the form or format you request, if it is readily producible in such form or format. If the Protected Health Information is not readily producible in the form or format you request your record will be provided in either our standard electronic format or if you do not want this form or format, a readable hard copy form. We may charge you a reasonable, cost-based fee for the labor associated with transmitting the electronic medical record.
Right to Get Notice of a Breach. You have the right to be notified upon a breach of any of your unsecured Protected Health Information.
Right to Amend. If you feel that Health Information we have is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to amend the information. You have the right to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept by or for our office. To request an amendment, you must make your request in writing.
Right to an Accounting of Disclosures. You have the right to request a list of certain disclosures we made of Health Information for purposes other than treatment, payment and health care operations or for which you provided written authorization. To request an accounting of disclosures, you must make your request in writing.
Right to Request Restrictions. You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the Health Information we use or disclose for treatment, payment, or health care operations. You also have the right to request a limit on the Health Information we disclose to someone involved in your care or the payment for your care, like a family member or friend. For example, you could ask that we not share information about a particular diagnosis or treatment with your spouse. To request a restriction, you must make your request, in writing as soon as possible. We arenot required to agree to your requestunless you are asking us to restrict the use and disclosure of your Protected Health Information to a health plan for payment or health care operation purposes and such information you wish to restrict pertains solely to a health care item or service for which you have paid us “out-of-pocket” in full. If we agree, we will comply with your request unless the information is needed to provide you with emergency treatment.
Out-of-Pocket-Payments. If you paid out-of-pocket (or in other words, you have requested that we not bill your health plan) in full for a specific item or service, you have the right to ask that your Protected Health Information with respect to that item or service not be disclosed to a health plan for purposes of payment or health care operations, and we will honor that request.
Right to Request Confidential Communications. You have the right to request that we communicate with you about medical matters in a certain way or at a certain location. For example, you can ask that we only contact you by mail or at work. To request confidential communications, you must make your request in writing. Your request must specify how or where you wish to be contacted. We will accommodate reasonable requests.
Right to opt out of targeted advertising. We use Facebook remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or Opt out from Online Behavioral Advertising.
Right to a Paper Copy of This Notice. You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may ask us to give you a copy of this notice at any time. Even if you have agreed to receive this notice electronically, you are still entitled to a paper copy of this notice. You may obtain a copy of this notice at our web site, www.entmc.com. To obtain a paper copy of this notice, please see our receptionist.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE:
We reserve the right to change this notice and make the new notice apply to Health Information we already have as well as any information we receive in the future. We will post a copy of our current notice at our office. The notice will contain the effective date.
COMPLAINTS:
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. You may file a complaint with us by notifying our HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer:
Alaska Center for ENT
Kim Hancox, Administrator
HIPAA Privacy/Security Officer
3841 Piper St. Suite T-230
Anchorage, Alaska 99508
(907) 279-8800 phone
(907) 279-8810 fax
You will not be penalized for filing a complaint. All complaints must be in writing.
This notice was updated and becomes effective on September 23, 2013.
What Our Patients Say
"I just want to thank you so much for the care you provided my daughter during her surgery. Your acts of kindness and your big hearts will never be forgotten."
Amanda
Request a Consultation
Request a Consultation
Sign Up For Our Emails
Back to top
Meet Our Physicians
Each of our physicians is board certified in Otolaryngology – Head & Neck Surgery; in addition, Dr. Ellerbe is board certified in Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.
Ear, Nose & Throat
Hearing
Facial Plastics
Med Spa
MENU
Home
Ear, Nose, and Throat
Our Providers
Conditions We Treat
Ear Infections
Stuffy Noses
Sinus Infections
Sore Throats
Snoring
Sleep Apnea
Hoarseness
Skin Cancer
Thyroid Cancer
Voice Disorders
Surgical Procedures
Ear Tubes
Adenoidectomy
Tonsillectomy
Sinus Surgery
Septoplasty
Skin Cancer Treatment
Sleep Apnea Surgery
Thyroid Surgery
Cochlear Implants
Special Services
Testimonials
Hearing
Our Providers
Audiology Services
Hearing Evaluation
QuickSIN™ Speech-in-Noise Test
Hearing Aid Fitting, Programming & Repair
Cochlear Implants
Hearing Aids
Patient Resources
Hearing Self Assessment
FAQ
Financing
Testimonials
Contact
Facial Plastics
Our Physicians
Surgical Procedures
Brow Lift
Blepharoplasty
Rhinoplasty
Otoplasty
Skin Cancer Treatment
Chin Implant
Non-Surgical Procedures
BOTOX® Cosmetic
Injectable Fillers
Laser & Light Therapies
Testimonials
Contact
Med Spa
Our Providers
Conditions We Treat
Acne Scarring
Brown Spots & Melasma
Facial Spider Veins
Rosacea
Unwanted Hair
Sun Damage & Wrinkles
Spa Treatments
BOTOX® Cosmetic
Injectable Fillers
LATISSE®
Laser Hair Removal
Chemical Peel
Dermaplaning
Microneedling
Facials & Treatments
Laser & Light Therapies
Products
Testimonials
Contact Us
About
Testimonials
ACENT in the Community
Why Choose ACENT
Our Physicians
Dwight M. Ellerbe, MD, FACS, FAAP
Stephen B. Schaffer, MD, FACS
Mark B. Lorenz, MD
Christopher Kowalski, MD
John Kokesh, MD
Jennifer Mitchell, MD
News & Events
Newsletter Subscription
Patient Resources
Office Policies
Fees & Financial Policies
Patient Registration
Online
Payment
Our COVID-19 (Corona Virus) Policy
Blog
Contact Us
Virtual Appointments
Call Us
Email Us
Driving Directions
Request Your Consultation
Our Location
ACENT Alaska Center for Ear Nose and Throat
3841 Piper Street #230
Anchorage, AK 99508
Phone:
(907) 279-8800
Fax:
(907) 279-8810
Monday–Thursday: 8 a.m.–5 p.m.
Friday: 8 a.m.–4 p.m.