http://www.allhealth.edu/services/womens-health/well-woman-care/seeking-help-domestic-abuse.html
Women's Health
keyboard_arrow_right
PRINT
Print
SHARE
Share with social media
Share
close Share buttons list
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Copy Link
Well Woman Care
Seeking Help Domestic Abuse
Home
Services
Women's Health
Well Woman Care
Seeking Help Domestic Abuse
PRINT
Print
SHARE
Share with social media
Share
close Share buttons list
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Copy Link
Well Woman Care
Adolescent Care
Diabetes in Women
Mammography
Midlife Care Services for Women
Primary Care for Women
Seeking Help Domestic Abuse
Seeking Help for Domestic Abuse
Nobody deserves to be an abusive relationship. This includes physical or emotional abuse. Allegheny Health Network (AHN) is adept at screening for signs of physical and emotional abuse. Our compassionate physicians, nurses, and staff are here to help you or a loved one get domestic violence help.
Facts about domestic abuse
A woman is abused every 10 seconds.
Anyone can be a victim, regardless of age, race, culture, status, class, education, or religion.
Abuse victims do not cause their beatings.
More than half of men who abuse their female partners also abuse their children.
Once violence begins, it often becomes more severe and more frequent.
What is emotional, physical, or sexual abuse?
Abuse is forceful, controlling behavior that makes a person do what the abuser wants without regard to rights, body, or health. A person is identified as abused if they have suffered from intentional — usually repeated — physical or emotional harm caused by a current or past intimate partner.
Types of emotional abuse
If you are being emotionally abused, your partner might:
Talk to you in a way that leaves you feeling ashamed, embarrassed, afraid, helpless, or depressed
Make you feel as though never do anything right or “good enough”
Constantly criticize, belittle, or insult
Tell you what you can and can’t do
Control who you can see and speak to
Act protective and jealous to the point of being controlling
Prevent you from seeking appropriate health care
Threaten to harm you, loved ones, or pets
Withhold money or tell you what you can or cannot spend money on
Cause you to worry about making him or her angry
Types of physical abuse
Common types of physical abuse include:
Slapping, hitting, punching, kicking, strangling/choking, or burning
Pushing or shoving
Throwing objects
Forcing use of alcohol or drugs
Threatening with a knife or gun
Depriving you of sleep, food, and other basic needs
Keeping you from getting health care
Types of sexual abuse
Common types of sexual abuse include:
Rape, forcing an adult or child to do sexual acts against their will
Unwanted touching
Refusing to use birth control or sexually transmitted disease (STD) prevention and/or refusing to let partner do so
How to get help for an abusive relationship
Making a safety plan is a way to protect yourself and your children. Possible options include:
Contacting local shelters and programs for information
Planning escape routes
Packing emergency bags with cash, clothing, and important documents
Confiding in someone you trust and asking for help
You have the right to:
Seek medical attention
Make a police report
Save evidence
Get a written court order, called a Protection From Abuse (PFA) order
How to request a protection from abuse (PFA) Order
If you are a victim of abuse, you have the right to go to court and file a petition to request a Protection From Abuse (PFA) order. The order can provide various safety options, which may include:
Restraining the abuser from further harm toward you
Ordering the abuser to leave your household
Preventing the abuser from contacting or harassing you at your workplace or school
Giving you temporary custody of children
Ordering the abuser to pay temporary support
Where do I get a PFA order?
Contact the following list of resources to obtain a PFA order for domestic violence victims:
Family Division
440 Ross Street, 3rd Floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15219
9–11 a.m., weekdays
(412) 350-5600
Advocates will assist you
Emergency Night Court
660 First Avenue (next to new jail), Pittsburgh, PA 15219
After 6 p.m. and weekends
(412) 350-3240
Petition good for 24 hours
Your Local District Justice
Weekdays (call for specific hours)
Legal Options for Domestic Violence Help
If you or someone you know is in an abusive relationship, the following resource can provide legal guidance:
Women’s Center and Shelter of Greater Pittsburgh
Legal Advocacy Department
8 a.m.–4 p.m., weekdays
(412) 355-7400
Resource List for Domestic Violence Help
If you or someone you know is in an abusive relationship, the following resources can provide support:
Alice Paul House
(Serving Indiana County)
(724) 349-4444
Alle-Kiski Area Hope Center Hotline
(Serving Alle-Kiski Valley)
1-888-299-4673
Crisis Center North Hotline
(Serving northern suburbs of Allegheny County)
(412) 364-5556
Washington Women’s Shelter Hotline
(Serving Washington and Greene Counties)
(724) 223-9190
Womansplace Hotline
(Serving Mon-Yough area and Allegheny County)
(412) 678-4616
Center for Victims Womansplace Shelter
(Serving McKeesport area and Allegheny County)
(412) 678-4616
Women’s Center of Beaver County Hotline
(Serving Beaver County)
(724) 775-0131
Women’s Center and Shelter of Greater Pittsburgh Hotline
(Serving the City of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County)
(412) 687-8005
Physical Assault and Rape (24-Hour) Center for Victims Hotline
(412) 392-8582
Pittsburgh Action Against Rape
(412) 765-2731
Contact us
Call (412) DOCTORS (412) 362-8677 or request an appointment to learn more about AHN women’s health services.
Appointments
Women’s Health
(412) DOCTORS
(412) 362-8677
Copyright © 2020 Allegheny Health Network. All rights reserved