https://www.wishingmoon.com/privacy-policy/
Ways to pay:
Book Online
Credit/debit card
By phone bill
Menu
Home
About Us
About Wishing Moon
Wishing Moon Reviews
The AMP
Our Psychic Readers
TEXT a Psychic
Pre-Pay Minutes
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy policy
Summary
We only ask for personal information that we require.
We will only use this information to satisfy the purposes for which it was collected.
We’ll tell you what information we have recorded about you.
If you would like any personal information changed or deleted, just ask.
Who we are
This website is operated by Wishing Moon Ltd. You can reach us via email at info@wishingmoon.com
What we know about you / your data
When you visit our website, our Web server automatically records some general information about your visit, but does not recognise or record any individual information about you. We cannot identify you personally unless you give us personal information voluntarily.
The information we record and use for statistical purposes is:
Your server address
The date and time
The pages accessed and documents downloaded
The time spent on each page
The previous site visited
The type of operating system and browser used
Cookies
We may use ‘cookies’ to facilitate certain interactive elements of the website. These cookies do not store or provide access to any of your personal information.
Your email address
We do not know your email address unless you give it to us. We only record your email address if you send us a message, either directly or by completing an online form. We will use it only internally within Wishing Moon Ltd, and will not disclose it to other organisations without your permission. We do not sell or pass on any of our visitors’ details.
If you have given us your email address, but do not want to receive any correspondence from us in the future, please let us know by contacting via the details on our contact us page
How we use this information
Any personal details you provide us with will only be used to contact you or to satisfy the purpose for which it was collected. We use statistical information to improve the content of our website and analyse what pages people visit.
Who has access to your information?
We use this information internally and share it with other people or organisations who need to know it as part of working with us in our normal business activities (e.g. web site designers & marketing). We do not share your personal information with others except under these conditions, and we do not disclose or sell your personal information to others for use in mailing lists or databases.
Future Variations
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Corrections & Removing data
Upon request, we’ll tell you what information we have recorded about you. If any of the information is incorrect, or you want us to remove all information about you, please contact us and we’ll amend it promptly.
If you feel that Wishing Moon Ltd are not following this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the details on our contact us page
About Wishing Moon
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Blog
Free Psychic Readings
Helpful Links
Sitemap