http://www.som.org.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Jump to navigation
Back to top
Privacy and cookie policy
Introductory statement
The privacy and security of your personal information is extremely important to us.  We will keep this page updated to show you all the things we do with your personal data.  We will only use your personal data on relevant lawful grounds as permitted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The Society of Occupational Medicine (SOM) is registered with the Information Commissioners Office, registration reference: Z5743416.  The data controller is Nick Pahl, CEO: nick.pahl@som.org.uk
Privacy/Cookie Policy
This privacy and cookie policy applies only to this domain.  If you do not accept this privacy and cookie policy, you must not use this site.
Collection of personal information
We collect personal information from you (name, address, telephone number and email address) when you complete registration or enquiry forms or send emails to us; this is so that we can contact you and/or investigate your query effectively.  Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not wish us to collect it.
For our members, the purpose of processing data is to provide you with SOM member benefits.  Data is collected for the specified purpose to be a member of the SOM and will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with this purpose.
Every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that is inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, is erased or rectified without delay.  Data will be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data.
Collection of other information – 'cookies'
In addition to personal information, we collect information about you automatically when you visit the site.  The collection of information involves the use of cookies.  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you first visit the site.  The cookie allows us to identify your computer and find out details about your last visit.
The information collected by cookies is not personally identifiable, it includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the internet e.g. operating system and platform, IP address and geographical location.  We do not use any advertising cookies.  Our Google Analytics cookies store only general data, and do not store data about individuals.  If you are a member and log-in to a page, a cookie will remember that data; we require this cookie for our member log-in function to work properly.
Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer.  If you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience with the site will be as quick or responsive as if you do receive cookies.
Visit www.aboutcookies.org for more about cookies and how to remove them.
Use of your information
By using this site, you agree that we may collect, hold, process and use your information (including personal information) for the purpose of providing you with the site services and developing our business which shall include (without limitation):
Personalising your visits to the site and developing the design and style of the site to improve the services provided to you
Informing you about the latest changes to the site, or products or services that you might find interesting
Communicating (and personalising such communication) with you
Conducting market research
Carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis
Sharing your personal information
Your personal data will only be publicly accessible if you agree for it to be stated on the Find an Occupational Health Professional area (see https://www.som.org.uk/find-an-oh-professional).  We also have an internal Find an OH directory, which is available to SOM members only.  You can control/edit what data is shared in both directories by logging in to your member account and going to your member preferences area.  We will not share your personal information with any third parties without prior consent and we will never sell your personal data.
We only share data with Oxford University Press (OUP) for provision of the Oxford Medicine Journal and with the Faculty of Occupational Medicine, for those who use the SOM appraisals service.  In general, OUP is complying with the requirements of GDPR in that:
Privacy Notice available on all their websites
only collect and store as much personal data as needed
only keep personal data for as long as is reasonably necessary
only use personal data for the reasons you are told about collect it
promote good data handling among our staff
take data security very seriously
reflect the requirements of GDPR in their policies.
3rd party advertisements
Advertisements from 3rd party organisations (OH service providers, charities, companies and universities/OH course providers) for meetings, conferences, courses and job opportunities are displayed on our site.  On some occasions, there may be 3rd party click-through tracking/cookies if you choose to click through to the weblinks in the advertisements (for example, “To apply, click here”); this will be at the discretion of the 3rd party provider and not the SOM.
Safeguards and security
No data transmission over the internet can be entirely secure, so we do not guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the site.  However, www.som.org.uk and portal.som.org.uk are both secure sites and we use reasonable endeavours to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorised access or use by using encryption technology.  In addition to these safeguards, your personal information is protected by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  This provides that the information which we hold about you should be processed fairly and lawfully, should be accurate, relevant and not excessive, not be retained for longer than is necessary and, if applicable, be kept up to date.
Withdrawal of consent and consequences
We will keep in touch with you via our monthly eNewsletter and particular news updates about things that may matter to you as a member such as job adverts, event adverts and regional group events.  You have the right to withdraw consent to any communication from us at any time.  To withdraw consent you can either click ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of the email you have received from us, or you can email us at admin@som.org.uk.  As a member, you will still receive correspondence relating to your membership and appraisal fees, and your membership renewal.
If you sign up to our OH Nurse Connect or OH GP Connect bulletin, you will receive OH Nurse Connect/OH GP Connect emails from us on a periodic basis.  If you no longer wish to receive the bulletin, please click ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of the OH Nurse/GP Connect email or contact admin@som.org.uk
Retention policy
After SOM membership has lapsed, we will keep your details on file for 2 years, unless or until you indicate you wish us to remove you from our database earlier.  Data relating to appraisals will be kept for 5 years.
For more information on the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and your related rights please see https://ico.org.uk/ or https://gdpr-info.eu/
Accessing your personal information
Please contact us if you wish to be informed of what data we hold on you or if you wish to lodge a complaint with the SOM or with a supervisory authority.  If you wish to review or receive copies of the personal information we hold about you, or have any other queries please write to us (including full details of your request) at: admin@som.org.uk
The Society of Occupational Medicine
2 St Andrews Place
London
EC1A 7DH
Tel: 0203 910 4531
up
Register for our free OH Nurse Bulletin
Register for our free OH GP Bulletin
FOLLOW US
LinkedIn @SOM
Follow Us on LinkedIn
Facebook @SOM
Follow Us on Facebook
Twitter @SOM
RT @KiuSum: We are recruiting all UK-based #Doctors #Nurses recruitment! Pls RT? Thank you.
@SOMNews @APMJuniors @RCollEM @SocSocMed @ISPA…
Follow @SOMNews
Copyright 2020 | The Society of Occupational Medicine
Website by Phew