http://www.walkthewalk.org/privacy
/
Walk the Walk
/
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The terms under which we use and share your data submitted to Walk the Walk is outlined below
This Website
This Website is provided by Walk the Walk Worldwide a company limited by guarantee which is registered in Scotland under Company Number: SC201169 and whose registered office is at 5 Atholl Crescent, Edinburgh, Midlothian, EH3 8EJ. It is also a charity registered in Scotland with the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator (Number: SC029572.) Walk the Walk in Action Limited and Walkwear Limited operate this website ("the Site") and we respect the privacy of individuals who use the site.
Below we have set out how we use the information that you give us and how the Site operates.
Subject Information Statement
Walk the Walk Worldwide, Walk the Walk in Action Limited and Walkwear Limited (together “WTW”) process your personal data (as defined by the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the DPA”)) for the following purposes:
your entry into events;
keeping you informed about our work;
promotions and future events run by WTW and third parties;
achieving the charitable objectives and marketing of a charitable organisation;
fundraising;
marketing and selling our products and those of any subsidiary or group company;
using your photograph or a film image or sound recording of you to promote WTW or to advertise the objectives of WTW (for the avoidance of doubt we never use images of those who are 17 years or younger without their guardians written permission);
printing your name in any press listing of the participants of any event into which you have entered;
transferring your personal data to any group or subsidiary company or any company with which we have a contractual relationship in respect of the collection of data, the fulfilment of services or the sale of products;
transferring your personal data to HM Revenue and Customs;
transferring your personal data to other Walk the Walk charities operating in jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area (EEA) where data protection laws are not as strong as within the EEA;
transferring your personal data to the charities to which it grants funds;
transferring your personal data to organisations that support the objects of WTW; and
with your consent, to send you information about WTW by email in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
We collect personal information from you when you communicate with us by any media. We may also collect personal data which relate to you from third parties.
Sensitive Personal Information
Certain personal information is defined by the DPA as “Sensitive Personal Data”. A definition of sensitive personal data is provided here. In some circumstances, WTW provides you with the opportunity to inform us of your sensitive personal data, unless we are permitted to process such sensitive personal data under the provisions of the DPA, we will ask for your consent. In general, the sensitive personal data collected by WTW is limited to information in connection with your physical or mental health or condition.
Anonymisation
WTW will also collect information to perform anonymised, statistical analysis of your interaction with the Site.
Permitted Processing
WTW ensures that it is permitted to process your personal data. If no statutory condition applies to the form of processing we undertake, we can only undertake such processing with your consent.
You may withdraw your consent to our processing your personal data in respect of marketing or transfers to benefiting charities or transfer to Walk the Walk charities outside of the EEA by writing to the address below.
If a statutory condition applies allowing WTW to process your personal data and you withdraw consent to process your personal data this will not necessarily mean that WTW ceases to process your personal data as it may, for example, be under a statutory duty to continue to process your personal data for some purposes e.g. to keep copies of commercial transactions for a minimum of seven years. Any personal information you send to us will be treated in the strictest confidence.
WTW may continue to process your personal data after you have ceased to be connected with WTW or its events or we have sent you any information requested by you.
Sharing Your Information
In some circumstances WTW may be required by law to share sensitive personal data about you to a third party. Otherwise WTW does not share sensitive personal data outside of the companies forming the WTW Group without your consent.
Please note that you do not have to give specific consent and a failure to inform us that you do not want us to transfer your data will allow us to make a transfer.
Your personal data may be shared as set out in the above purposes. If you do not wish us to share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes, please write to us at the address below.
European Economic Area (‘EEA’)
Please note that information displayed on the Site or sent to WTW over the Internet may be transferred outside of the EEA, where data protection laws are not as strong as within the EEA. If you have any concerns in relation to such transfers, you should not use the Internet as a means of communication with WTW.
Monitoring of telephone calls and e-mails
Your telephone calls and e-mails to us may be recorded and monitored for quality control purposes. We may also intercept communications made to individual members of staff at WTW when this is required for business purposes.
Cookies
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to the Site. This can include using a "cookie", pieces of information that are transferred to an individual user's hard drive for record keeping purposes.
At the present time the cookie we send to your computer stores only basic information which you enter into the Site, which may include your name, address, phone number and email address. It is possible for WTW to retrieve the information stored in the cookie, however this retrieval is unlikely at the current time.
Only information collected by cookies as specified in this section of our privacy policy is automatically collected from users of the Site. In the event that we do collect any personal data about visitors to the Site it is available only to WTW.
The cookies function by saving your passwords and site preferences. As a result it is possible to speed up your future activities at the Site and allow WTW to provide you with information specifically tailored to your interests. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. To modify your browser settings click on the help section of your Internet browser and follow the instructions.
Other Websites
The Site contains links to other websites. WTW is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or the content of any websites which are linked to the Site.
WTW encourages parents and guardians to use the parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help supervise their childrens’ online activities. WTW shall only obtain the data of individuals if it is permitted by the laws of the United Kingdom and shall take steps to ensure that children from jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom cannot use the Site. Please check this page periodically for changes as WTW reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Privacy Policy and the Site at any time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to this Policy will mean that you accept such changes.
Contact us
If you have any queries relating to this Statement, please feel free to contact us by letter at the following address:
Walk the Walk Worldwide
6 Genesis Business Park
Albert Drive
Woking Surrey GU21 5RW
Definitions
Please find below definitions of some of the terms used in the above privacy policy for your information and assistance. Please note that for the purposes of these definitions a reference to a particular gender is a reference to all genders.
Processing
In the Act “processing” means obtaining, recording, or holding the information or data or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the information or data, including:
organisation, adaptation or alteration of the information or data,
retrieval, consultation or use of the information or data,
disclosure of the information or data by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, or
alignment, combination, blocking, erasure or destruction of the information or data.
Personal Data
Personal data are:
any data from which the identity of a living individual can be determined, either by itself or with other data processed by data controller;
any information such as name and address, email address, telephone number and general contact details, personal data includes images on film (e.g. CCTV images), photographs and telephone voice recordings.
Sensitive Personal Data means personal data consisting of information as to:
the racial or ethnic origin of the data subject;
his political opinion;
his religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature;
whether he is a member of a trade union (within the meaning of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992);
his physical or mental health or condition;
his sexual life;
the commission or alleged commission by him of any offence; or
any proceedings for any offence committed or alleged to have been committed by him, the disposal of such proceedings or the sentence of any court in such proceedings.
Walk the Walk Worldwide often operates through its wholly owned subsidiary trading companies, Walk the Walk in Action Limited (company number SC201976), Walkwear Limited (04926894) and Fly the Moon Limited (07603938) (together the Subsidiaries). Each company is permitted to use this website by Walk the Walk Worldwide. Please check the terms of conditions of each transaction carefully which will explain with which company you are entering a relationship. Walk the Walk Worldwide has no liability for any actions or omission of the Subsidiaries and any concerns or claims should be made directly to the relevant company.
From our blog
Fundraising Ideas for the Festive Season
Make this Christmas a wonderful opportunity to increase your fundraising and bring people together.
Read more
Walk the Walk’s £20,000 Emergency Grant to the charity Cancer Support Scotland
Walk the Walk is making emergency grants to frontline cancer charities every month until the end of year and we’re thrilled to be giving our latest grant of £20,000 to Cancer Support Scotland.
Read more
More from our blog
How to support us
There are a number of ways in which you can support Walk the Walk...