http://www.cebd.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
About the Centre for Evidence-based Dentistry Website
The Centre for Evidence-based Dentistry provides information and links to resources about evidence-based dentistry.
The website administrators can be contacted via Minervation Ltd.
What types of personal information is collected
Our website collects the following personal data:
name and email address via Contact Us form
What is the purpose of processing data
The lawful purpose for processing this data is:
responding to queries submitted via the Contact Us form.
Data submitted via the form are not stored on the website.
Sharing the information
We do not share your personal data with any other organisation.
Your personal data will not be transferred outside the UK.
Retention period
We only keep your information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the personal information was collected.  This includes for the purpose of meeting any legal, accounting or other reporting requirements or obligations.
Security of your information
We take reasonable measures to ensure the confidentiality and security of personal data for which we are responsible.
How to access your personal data
You have the right to access the information which we hold about you, and why, subject to any exemptions using a Subject Access Request.  Requests must be made in writing and you will need to provide:
Adequate information [for example full name, address, date of birth, staff number etc] so that your identity can be verified and your personal data located.
A description of what information you are requesting to enable us to retrieve it in an efficient manner.
You should send your request to:
Centre for Evidence-based Dentistry
c/o Dundee Dental School
University of Dundee
Park Place
Dundee, Scotland
DD1 4HN
Recent Posts
New Evidence-based Dentistry book now available from ADA
Interested in caries management?
would you like to participate in eDelphi Study to develop a core outcomes set?
Advanced Evidence-Based Dentistry workshop
Anticoagulant
& antiplatlelet drugs in dental patients
Evidence-based Dentistry Conference – Lahore
Categories
Event
News
Uncategorized
© 2020 CEBD