https://www.verveseniorliving.com/privacy-policy/
A message from our CEO & President and updates regarding the COVID-19 pandemic
Read Now
Our Amazing People in Action
View Now
Close
Home
Lifestyle & Wellness
Where Do I Start?
About Us
Development
Careers
Blog
Contact
Find A Community
Search for:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how Verve Senior Living uses any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us to receive our email newsletter. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback and use our website contact form. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalize your repeat visits to our website. If you agree, we shall pass on your personal information to our group of companies so that they may offer you their products and services. Verve Senior Living will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside Verve Senior Living.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other companies which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to others. Please click here if you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at 301 – 2121 Argentia Road, Mississauga, ON,  Canada L5N 2X4. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website, so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on May 10, 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
by email at newsletter@verveseniorliving.com
or write to us at 301 – 2121 Argentia Road, Mississauga, ON,  Canada L5N 2X4
Interested in touring one of our retirement residences?
Arrange Your Visit