https://www.brainhelp.co.uk/options-for-lean-to-conservatory-designs/
SEARCH
ARCHIVE ARCHIVE
Select Month
December 2018
June 2018
April 2018
December 2016
September 2016
POST CATEGORYPOST CATEGORY
Select Category
Home Extensions
Home Heating
House Doors
Replacement Windows
Uncategorized
MENUHome
Articles & Info
Contact
Privacy Policy
December 5, 2018
Options for Lean to conservatory designs
Lean to conservatory designs – what are your options?
Of all of the types of conservatories in the UK residential market, Lean to conservatory designs are definitely one of the more popular.
As an adaptable home extension a lean to conservatory can be set up to suit almost any situation – small 3×3 conservatories to large bespoke conservatory rooms.
So, what are the basic options and what kind of price ranges are there for a Lean to conservatory?
Lean to conservatory options
If we start with the roof, its a simple one sided sloping design that usually slopes downwards away from the main house. However, by rotating the angle, you can radically change the whole feel and appearance of a lean-to conservatory.
reverse the slope (see the image on RHS)
rotate left by 90 degrees
rotate right by 90 degrees
You can also change the typical glazed roof for tiles, slates or even composite panels.
Coming on to the sides of the conservatory, full height glass is common, but you could also use low level solid sections, usually referred to as “dwarf walls”.
In terms of doors, a small lean-to conservatory will work well with a set of French doors. But, as you can see from the image above, if you have the width, then sliding patio doors make a great impression.
Want to make a better impression, then how a bout a full width set of bi-folding doors – create a moving glass wall that gives astounding unfettered access to the outside.
Veranda lean to conservatories add an extra dimension. By extending the roof line past the walls you can create a protected area that is great for decking and patio furniture to enjoy those days or evenings in the garden.
However you choose to personalise your lean-to conservatory, it is sure to bring you many years of enjoyment – see more design options and prices here: www.compareconservatorycost.co.uk
© 2016: All Rights Reserved
Menu
Articles & Info
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy