https://www.bounty.com/info/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Home>
Terms and Conditions
See more
Terms and Conditions
Please read the Terms and Conditions for Bounty.com
Share
back to Important Information
Terms and Conditions
Bounty Partners
Customer Contact Centre
Bounty Privacy Policy
ICO - FAQ
The Bounty Promise
Cookie Policy
Customer Testimonials
JoyAtHomeShoot Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Back
Share
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE BOUNTY JOY LIMITED WEBSITE AND BOUNTY SERVICES
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the website and services provided by Bounty JOY Limited, they contain important information about your rights and obligations.
1.  Introduction
Bounty JOY Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with registered company number 12979751, VAT Reg. No. 363 4417 02 and registered office at
at 3rd
Floor | 1 Ashley Road | Altrincham | Cheshire | WA14 2DT
("Bounty", "we" or "us").
Bounty.com is the website operated by Bounty and found at www.bounty.com (the "Site").
Bounty Services:
Bounty Packs - Bounty provides free Bounty Packs with product samples, offers and/or discount vouchers. Pack contents may vary. For more information click here.
Bounty Guides - Bounty provides free Bounty Guides with practical and expert advice for expectant and new mums.
Bounty mobile app – our Pregnancy, Birth and Baby App
Subject to your preferences, Bounty may provide you with information and offers by email and/or post, both on behalf of Bounty and other companies, our “Bounty Partners”. Your preferences may be changed at any time in your user profile.
By accessing or using the Site and using the Bounty Services you agree to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions which may be modified from time to time and updated on this page. You are expected to check these Terms and Conditions from time to time to take notice of any change(s) we make.
2.  Nature of Site
The Site provides information, guidance, offers and competitions for women trying to conceive, expectant mothers and new parents. The information provided on the Site is not a substitute for examination, diagnosis or treatment by a doctor, midwife, health visitor or other qualified health professional. Please refer to ‘Disclaimer’ for further details.
3.  User Conduct
You may use our Site only for lawful purposes and solely in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
You agree not to use our Site to send, post, email, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material or otherwise transmit:
(a) any Content that is unlawful, fraudulent, false, inaccurate or offensive in any way whatsoever, including but not limited to the following: obscene, abusive, threatening, bigoted, defamatory, invasive of privacy, hateful, or that otherwise degrades or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, gender, age or disability, or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any obligations of confidence;
(b) any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware;
(c) any material that breaches the data protection rights of another individual;
(d) any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or otherwise solicit for funds, promotional materials or any other form of similar solicitation (spam, flood);
(e) any Content that infringes any copyright, patent, trade secret, database right or trademark or any other proprietary right of any party; and
(f) any material which does not comply with our Bounty’s Best Practice Commitment Guidelines and as amended from time to time.
All Content submitted to us will become the property of Bounty allowing Bounty to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such Content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now know or later developed.
4.  Advertisers and third parties
Your correspondence or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers and third parties found on the Site or via the Bounty Services (including but not limited to any advertisements on the Site, Bounty Offers or competitions), including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser or third party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that: (a) Bounty shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers and third parties on the Site or via the Bounty Services, and (b) any orders placed by you via the Site or Bounty Services are subject to confirmation by, and the terms and conditions of business of, the relevant advertiser or third party.
5.  Modifications to Offering and Content
We reserve the absolute right to alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site or services provided through it, or via the Bounty Services, including your access to the Site. Unless explicitly stated, any new features on the Site, including but not limited to the release of new services, shall be subject to these Terms and Conditions as amended from time to time and updated on this page. Bounty reserves the absolute right to remove any content as it deems appropriate without incurring any liability.
6.  Compatibility of Online Materials
The Site is controlled and operated by Bounty. We make no representations that the Site or any Content on it are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who visit the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
7. Liability
The Site and all materials and information thereon are provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we do not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with regard to the Site or any information or service provided through the Site. To the fullest extent permitted by law we will not be liable to users for any loss or damage of any nature whatsoever and howsoever arising out of or in connection with the viewing, use or performance of the Site or its contents, whether due to inaccuracy, error, omission or any other cause and whether on the part of Bounty or our servants or agents, or any other person.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system or device meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use the Site and is compatible with the Site. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that any material available for downloading from the Site will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
8.  Disclaimer
Users of the Site are required to comply with these Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Some sections of the Site consist of information posted by third parties. As a result, Bounty accepts no liability in respect of the accuracy or truthfulness of any advice, information or data posted online or any responsibility for the consequences of your acting in reliance on such information, neither does Bounty necessarily endorse, support, sanction, encourage or agree with the comments, opinions or statements posted by users on the Site. Any information or material placed online by users, including advice and opinions, is the view and responsibility of those users and does not necessarily represent the view of Bounty.
It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, usefulness and fitness for any purpose of all details of opinions, advice, services and other information provided on the Site. In particular, if you have a health problem during pregnancy, or if your baby or child is ill, we strongly advise you to consult a doctor and not to rely on advice contained on this site as it represents the opinions/views of third parties. Do not use any medicines or tablets without first asking your doctor or pharmacist whether the medication is safe for pregnant women or children.
9.  Copyright and Monitoring
The contents of the Site are protected by international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights. The owners of these rights are Bounty or other third party licensors. All product and company names and logos mentioned on or in the Site may be the trade marks, service marks or trading names of their respective owners, including Bounty. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute, by any means or in any manner, any material or information on or downloaded from the Site including but not limited to text, graphics, video, messages, code and/or software without our prior written consent or the prior written consent of the owner of these rights.
Bounty’s copyright policy is to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable international intellectual property law.  Bounty reserves the right to take down allegedly infringing materials and/or terminate the accounts of repeat infringers, as applicable.
Content provided on the Site may contain third-party data and/or imagery. Use of third-party data and/or imagery may be subject to such third party’s license agreement or additional use restrictions. You may not copy, remove, alter, modify, sell or licence any third party data or imagery contained in any software or displayed on the Site.
10.  Linked Sites
Bounty may provide links to websites on the Internet which are operated by other companies who we believe offer services and/or products which may be of interest or relevance to you. We make no representations whatsoever about any other website(s) which you may access through this Site or which may link to the Site. When you access any other website, for example via the Bounty Offers section of the Site, you understand that you are accessing a website that is independent from this Site and that we have no control over the content or availability of that website. In addition, a link to any other website does not mean that Bounty endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use of, such a website and shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective site administrator or web master.
11.  Availability and Access to the Site
We will endeavour to make the Site available but cannot guarantee that the Site will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free. Access to the Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons reasonably beyond our control.
You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, Site, router or any other internet connected device.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of your use of the Site, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any username or password at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
12.  Suspension and Termination
In the event that you fail to comply with these Terms and Conditions, your failure will constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions and Bounty reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to take any or all of the following actions:
Immediately ban you from using the Site, whether temporarily or permanently;
Issue a warning to you;
Disclose such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary; or
Take further legal action against you.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these Terms and Conditions. The responses described above are not limited and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
13.  General
We may assign or subcontract any or all of our rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
If any provision or term of these Terms and Conditions shall become or be declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, such term or provision shall be divisible from them and shall be deemed to be deleted from them. All other Terms and Conditions will remain in force and their validity shall not be affected.
These Terms and Conditions, any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation, and your use of the Site or Bounty Services are governed by English law and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English court.
14.  Notices
All notices to Bounty shall be given by post to 3rd
Floor | 1 Ashley Road | Altrincham | Cheshire | WA14 2DT . All notices to users of the Site or the Bounty Services shall be given either the e-mail or postal address provided during the registration process. Notice will be deemed received 24 hours after e-mail is sent or 3 days after the date of posting.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement