http://www.snhmc.org/terms-of-use
Click here for COVID-19 Updates and Information and the latest SNHH Updates
Southern New Hampshire Health is committed to providing you with quality health care information. We also respect your privacy. Southern New Hampshire Health will not share or sell any personally identifiable information that you submit to our website (snhhs.org) to any company, organization or person outside of snhh.org. Any information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as, but not limited to, your name and email address, will only be used to provide you with information that you have specifically requested.
This website contains links to other sites. Southern New Hampshire Health and snhh.org are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
The health care information contained in snhhs.org and websites to which snhh.org is linked is general, and not intended to be a substitute for health care information and instructions provided to you by your physician or health care provider. Southern New Hampshire Health and snhh.org assume no responsibility or liability for the general health care information made available on snhh.org or websites to which snhh.org is linked.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Southern New Hampshire Healths website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.