http://www.bbf.org.au/terms-and-conditions.html
Terms and Conditions
Terms of use, disclaimer and copyright
Agreement between user and Industry Capability Network Queensland
The Black Business Finder website is comprised of various web pages
operated by Industry Capability Network Queensland.
The Black Business Finder website is offered to you conditioned on your
acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained
herein. Your use of the Black Business Finder website constitutes your
agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Modification of these terms of use
Industry Capability Network Queensland reserves the right to
change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Black Business Finder
website is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with
the use of the Black Business Finder website.
Links to third party sites
The Black Business Finder Network website may contain links to other
websites (‘Linked Sites’). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Industry
Capability Network Queensland and Industry Capability Network Queensland is not
responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation
any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked
Site. Industry Capability Network Queensland is not responsible for webcasting
or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Industry
Capability Network Queensland is providing these links to you only as a
convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by
Industry Capability Network Queensland of the site or any association with its
operators, or any associated organisation, product or service.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of the Black Business Finderwebsite,
you warrant to Industry Capability Network Queensland that you will not use the
Black Business Finder Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by
these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Black Business Finder
Website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Black
Business Finder Website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment
of the Black Business Finder Website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain
any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available
or provided for through the Black Business Finder Websites.
Use of communication services
The Black Business Finder Website may contain bulletin board services,
chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars,
and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to
communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively,
‘Communication Services’), you agree to use the Communication Services only to
post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the
particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation,
you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
defame, abuse, harass,
stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of
privacy and publicity) of others
publish, post, upload,
distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing,
obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information
upload files that contain
software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by
rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights
thereto or have received all necessary consents
upload files that contain
viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that
may damage the operation of another's computer
advertise or offer to sell
or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such
Communication Service specifically allows such messages
conduct or forward surveys,
contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters
download any file posted by
another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably
should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner
falsify or delete any author
attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or
labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in
a file that is uploaded
restrict or inhibit any
other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services
violate any code of conduct
or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular
Communication Service
harvest or otherwise collect
information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their
consent
violate any applicable laws
or regulations.
Industry Capability Network has no obligation to monitor the
Communication Services. However, Industry Capability Network reserves the right
to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any
materials in its sole discretion. Industry Capability Network reserves the
right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at
any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Industry Capability Network reserves the right at all times to disclose
any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal
process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any
information or materials, in whole or in part, in Industry Capability Network's
sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying
information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service.
Industry Capability Network does not control or endorse the content, messages
or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Industry
Capability Network specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the
Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any
Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorised Industry
Capability Network spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect
those of Industry Capability Network.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted
limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible
for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Materials provided to Industry Capability Network or posted at any Black
Business Finder Website
Industry Capability Network does not claim ownership of the materials
you provide to Industry Capability Network (including feedback and suggestions)
or post, upload, input or submit to any Black Business Finder Website or its
associated services (collectively ‘Submissions’). However, by posting,
uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting
Industry Capability Network, its affiliated business and necessary sub
licensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of
their internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy,
distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit,
translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection
with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission,
as provided herein. Industry Capability Network is under no obligation to post
or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time
in Industry Capability Network's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your
Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of
the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without
limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or
submit the Submissions.
Material for general use
The material on this website is provided for general information only,
and on the understanding that Industry Capability Network is not providing
professional advice on a particular matter.
The material may include the views or recommendations of third parties,
and does not necessarily reflect the views of Industry Capability Network, or
indicate a commitment to a particular course of action.
The information on the public supplier search in ICN Gateway is not
suitable nor acceptable for the purposes of enquiring of Industry Capability
Network of advice for the purposes of EPBS or TCO or any other process that
requires a third party to provide advice based upon advice received from
Industry Capability Network or its agents.
This website contains information that is intended for general use. In
addition, errors or omissions can occur in the preparation of web pages.
Therefore, before relying on the material, users should ensure they
independently verify its completeness, accuracy, relevance for their purposes
and that it is up-to-date.
The user should obtain appropriate independent professional advice
before any action or decision is taken on the basis of any material on this
website.
Users of this website are also directed to our Privacy Statement.
Agreement to allow release of certain information
It is a necessary requirement of operating the Black Business Finder
Website and to maximise the benefits available to users that some of the
information you have provided is made available to third parties who may wish
to use your products or service. By using this website you are agreeing to
Industry Capability Network making this information available to third parties.
Liability disclaimer
The materials available on or through the Black Business Finder website and portal are provided by the Queensland Government strictly as an information source only.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the State of Queensland makes no statement, representation, or warranty about the quality, accuracy, context, completeness, availability or suitability for any purpose of, and you should not rely on any material or information available on or through this website and portal.
The Queensland Government disclaims, to the maximum extent permitted by law, all responsibility and all liability (including without limitation, liability in negligence) for all expenses, losses, damages, and costs you or any other person might incur for any reason including as a result of the information available on or through this website and portal being in anyway inaccurate, out of context, incomplete, unavailable, not up to date or unsuitable for any purpose.  The Queensland Government may provide external links to businesses as a service to users of its website however in providing an external link the Queensland Government does not accept responsibility for or endorse any businesses on the Black Business Finder website and portal.  Links to external websites or businesses are provided in good faith, but it is the sole responsibility of the user to make their own decisions about the accuracy, currency, reliability, correctness and suitability of any business on the Black Business Finder website and portal.
The information, software, products, and services included in or
available through the Black Business Finder Website may include inaccuracies or
typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein.
Industry Capability Network and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or
changes in the Black Business Finder Website at any time. Advice received via
the Black Business Finder Website should not be relied upon for personal,
medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate
professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
Industry Capability Network Queensland and/or its suppliers make no
representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness,
and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related
graphics contained on the Black Business Finder Website for any purpose. To the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software,
products, services and related graphics are provided ‘as is’ without warranty
or condition of any kind. Industry Capability Network Queensland and/or its
suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this
information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all
implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, title and non-infringement.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Industry
Capability Network Queensland and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct,
indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages
whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or
profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of
the Black Business Finder Website, with the delay or inability to use the Black
Business Finder Website or related services, the provision of or failure to
provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and
related graphics obtained through the Black Business Finder Website, or
otherwise arising out of the use of the Black Business Finder Website, whether
based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Industry
Capability Network Queensland or any of its suppliers has been advised of the
possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages,
the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any
portion of the Black Business Finder Website, or with any of these terms of
use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Black Business
Finder Website.
Service contact:info@icnqld.org.au
Termination/access restriction
Industry Capability Network Queensland reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to terminate your access to the Black Business Finder Website and
the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
General. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by
the laws of the Australian Capital Territory (‘ACT’) and you hereby consent to
the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in the ACT in all disputes
arising out of or relating to the use of the Black Business Finder Website. Use
of the Black Business Finder Website is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that
does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including
without limitation this paragraph.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency
relationship exists between you and Industry Capability Network Queensland as a
result of this agreement or use of the Black Business Finder Website. Industry
Capability Network Queensland's performance of this agreement is subject to
existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in
derogation of Industry Capability Network Queensland's right to comply with
governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to
your use of the Black Business Finder Website or information provided to or
gathered by Industry Capability Network Queensland with respect to such use.
If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or
unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the
warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the
invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid,
enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original
provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the user and Industry Capability Network Queensland with
respect to the Black Business Finder Website and it supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or
written, between the user and Industry Capability Network Queensland with
respect to the Black Business Finder Website. A printed version of this
agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in
judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement
to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business
documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It
is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related
documents be drawn up in English.
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of the Black Business Finder Website are: © 2010 ICNL ABN
85 068 571 513 and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
The material contained on this website constitutes Industry Capability
Network Queensland copyright and is intended for your general use and
information. You may download, display, print and reproduce this material in
unaltered form only (retaining this notice, and any headers and footers) for
your personal, non-commercial use or use within your organisation. You may
distribute any copies of downloaded material in unaltered, complete form only
(retaining this notice, and any headers and footers). All other rights are
reserved.
Requests for further authorisation should be directed to:
Industry
Capability Network Queensland
Level 1, 7 Clunies Ross Court                                                                                                                                                                                                      Eight Mile Plains, QLD 4113
Phone 07
3364 0670
info@bbf.org.au
Trademarks
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the
trademarks of their respective owners.
The example companies, organisations, products, people and events
depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company,
organisation, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
Any rights not expressly granted
herein are reserved.