http://www.compassionatehomevet.com/privacy-policy/
Travel Destinations & Tours
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us
Subscribe to the RSS Feed
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
compassionatehomevet Inc. ("compassionatehomevet")
operates compassionatehomevet.com and may operate other websites. It
is compassionatehomevet's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, compassionatehomevet collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. compassionatehomevet's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how compassionatehomevet's visitors use its website. From time to
time, compassionatehomevet may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
compassionatehomevet also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on compassionatehomevet.com
blogs/sites. compassionatehomevet only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to compassionatehomevet's websites choose to interact
with compassionatehomevet in ways that require compassionatehomevet to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that compassionatehomevet gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at compassionatehomevet.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with compassionatehomevet are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, compassionatehomevet collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
compassionatehomevet. compassionatehomevet does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
compassionatehomevet may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. compassionatehomevet may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, compassionatehomevet does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
compassionatehomevet discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on compassionatehomevet's behalf or to provide services available
at compassionatehomevet's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using compassionatehomevet's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. compassionatehomevet will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, compassionatehomevet discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when compassionatehomevet believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of compassionatehomevet, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an compassionatehomevet website and have supplied your email address, compassionatehomevet
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with compassionatehomevet and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. compassionatehomevet takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. compassionatehomevet uses cookies to
help compassionatehomevet identify and track visitors, their usage of compassionatehomevet
website, and their website access preferences. compassionatehomevet visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using compassionatehomevet's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of compassionatehomevet's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If compassionatehomevet, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that compassionatehomevet goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of compassionatehomevet may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by compassionatehomevet and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, compassionatehomevet may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in compassionatehomevet's sole
discretion. compassionatehomevet encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a compassionatehomevet.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Jul
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Posts
How to Make Planning a Business Trip Easier
Health Benefits of Foreign Travels
How Traveling Can Boost Your Self Confidence
How Late into Pregnancy Can You Fly?
Genius Secrets to Help You Travel Comfortably
Categories
Travel & Leasures
Search for:
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us