https://www.sutterhealth.org/privacy/privacy-policy
Jump to content
Choose locationChoose Location
Sign in or Enroll
Enter a search term:
Enter City or ZipGeolocateMake this my locationOpen
I want to choose my medical group or hospital
Clear my location
Change LocationX
We've expanded your view
You are now viewing all services in the Sutter Health network. You can change your location above to narrow your view to a medical group, hospital, city or zip.
Close
SearchClose Search
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Content
Privacy Policy
Sutter Health’s Privacy PolicyPLEASE NOTE: For information about how Sutter Health and its affiliates
may use and disclose medical information about you, including information that is
provided through Sutter’s secure portal, MyHealthOnline, how you can get access
to this information, and other rights under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), please review our Notice
of Privacy Practices.
IntroductionSutter Health and its affiliates (“hereafter, “Sutter”) are committed
to providing you with quality healthcare and fostering a relationship. This privacy
policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information
that you submit to us or that we collect through any Sutter website or mobile application
(collectively, “Sites”). The Section titled Information of California
Residents also encompasses certain other information of California residents, including
hard copy information and information collected outside of the Sites.
By accessing our Sites, you agree to the terms of this Policy, including the collection,
use, and disclosure of your information, as described in this Policy.
Links to Outside Web Sites
Sutter's Sites have links to outside Internet pages, including social media platforms
and websites that might have information on health topics of interest to you. Sutter,
however, does not make any guarantee, warranty or representation regarding the accuracy
of the information contained on the websites. In addition, Sutter has no control over
the privacy or security practices of external websites. You should read and understand
the policies of all websites with respect to these practices. These links are provided
for your general information and education only, and should NOT be relied upon for
personal diagnosis or treatment. If you have questions, please contact your clinician.
Information We CollectInformation You Provide Us Directly
Sutter may collect certain information from you, such as your name, address, phone
number, email address, or other demographic information when you request additional
information, fill out a contact form, submit feedback, attend a Sutter event, or otherwise
contact us. We may retain any messages you send us through the Sites. We use this
information to operate, maintain, and provide you a superior website and user experience
as well as provide you information about Sutter.
If you apply for employment at Sutter through our Sites, you may choose to provide
information about yourself as well as information regarding your education, employment
history, demographic/equal employment opportunity data, educational history, degrees,
certifications, credentials, references, locations, and other information included
in your resume and in the application for employment that you submit.
Information We May Receive From Third Parties
We also may collect information regarding how you interact with our Sites and other
websites, such as Sutter pages and content on social media platforms. For example,
if you “like” a photo on one of our social media sites, we may collect
information related to that interaction. In some cases, we may receive information
about you from third parties. Sutter may receive information about you that you directly
provided to a third party. For instance, Sutter may use a third party to manage event
registrations. The third party would provide Sutter registrants’ data to facilitate
the event.
Analytics Information
Sutter uses website analytics to provide you the best possible experience with
our web platforms, Sites and offerings.  For example, when we send you emails,
we may use technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and whether
the links contained in it have been clicked on. We may combine this data with other
information collected to measure your interest in Sutter, improve our offerings to
audiences, or our marketing campaigns, as well as tailor our interactions with you.
Some of our Sites may use Google Analytics or other website analytics vendors to
better understand usage of our Sites or for offerings to audiences or general marketing
campaigns. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device,
including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving our
Sites and offerings.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by following the instructions at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Additionally, you may opt out of certain tracking by many third party advertisers
by following the instructions found on the following Web sites: Network
Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising
Alliance. Additional opt out options are provided on Sutter’s Cookies
Preferences page and Privacy Request Form.
Cookies
Sutter may place Internet "cookies" on the computer or other devices used by visitors
to our Sites. Cookies are small text files that contain small amounts of information
and are downloaded to your device.  Cookies help us and/or the third parties
who provide such cookies obtain information about your use of our Sites and assist
us in our offerings. Sutter uses two types of cookies: "session" cookies and "persistent"
cookies.
A session cookie is temporary and expires after you end a session and close a Web
browser. We may use session cookies to help customize visitors' experiences on our
Sites, maintain a signed-on status while exploring the Sites, and track which Web
pages visitors view on our Sites.
On the other hand, persistent cookies remain on your hard drive. For instance,
we use a persistent cookie when we ask you to agree to the use of an educational resource
so that when you return to that resource later, you do not need to go through the
agreement page again.
We use cookies to help us tailor our Sites to our users and in our offerings or
for marketing. Some features of our Sites may not work as intended if you decline
to allow cookies or deactivate cookies. For instructions on how to remove existing
cookies from your hard drive and/or block cookies from all websites, go to your browser's
Web site for detailed instructions. Additionally, Sutter has a webpage for you to
opt-in or out of the use of certain cookies by Sutter going forward. You may visit
this website at sutterhealth.org/privacy/cookie-preference.
In addition, further information regarding cookies may be available from your Internet
service provider, operating system, or browser provider. Please review how to delete
and remove existing cookies and block future cookies from your device, as well as
making your opt-in or opt-out election with regard to future use of certain cookies
by Sutter.
The collection, use, and disclosure of your information, as described in this Policy,
may continue regardless of whether or not you enable “Do Not Track” functionality
on your browser or device.
Log File Information
Log file information is sent automatically to Sutter by your browser each time
you visit our Sites.  This is not dependent on the presence or use of cookies
and is unaffected by your opt-in or opt-out election concerning cookies.  These
logs may contain information such as the Internet domain from which you access our
Sites; the date and time you visited our Sites; the areas of our Sites that you viewed;
your computer's IP address that is automatically assigned when you log onto the Internet;
the type of browser and operating system you use; and the address of the Web site
you came from, if any.
The log file information is stored securely and may only be accessed by Sutter
employees or designees on a professional need-to-know basis for a specific purpose.
Sutter uses log file information to help us design our Sites; identify popular features;
resolve user, hardware and software problems; and make the Sites more useful to patients
and other visitors.
Web Beacon
A web beacon is a small image file on a web page that may be used to collect certain
information from your device. This information may include IP address, time of access,
browser, and identification of cookies. Sutter, or its vendors, may utilize web beacons
to track visitor statistics and manage cookies.
In some of our newsletters or other email communications, we may track recipient
actions with the email. This may include opening the email or clicking a link included
in the email. This is used to monitor user engagement with our communications.
Location Data
Sutter may utilize a feature that, when you access the Sites by or through a mobile
device or through your browser, accesses, collects, monitors and/or remotely stores
“location data,” and shares such data with third-parties such as Google,
which may include GPS coordinates (longitude and latitude) or similar information
regarding the location of your device. This data may be used to convey information
about how you browse and use the Sites, as well as provide you personalized information
based on that location data. You may opt-in or opt-out of sharing location data from
your computer by clicking the location icon on the top left of the Site. You may clear
the location data from the same drop down menu. Most mobile devices allow you to change
or disable this functionality by changing the device settings.
Use and Disclosure of InformationWe may use your information:
To contact you (for example, sending you a newsletter or other informational materials,
offers, announcements, or surveys);
To manage business relationships, employment lifecycle, or other employee-data
purposes;
To communicate with you about our services, products, and Sites, including to
follow up on requests or questions that you may submit;
To send you emails or text messages regarding upcoming events, newsletters, etc.
(if you do not wish to receive these communications, you may opt out using the “unsubscribe”
link in those communications at any time);
To provide marketing and advertising communications.  You may opt out of
certain tracking by many third party advertisers, by following the instructions found
on the following Web sites: Network
Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising
Alliance.  Additional opt out options are provided on Sutter’s cookies’ preference
page and Privacy Request Form.
To maintain our philanthropic endeavors and programs;
To track and analyze use of our Sites, including to prevent, detect, and investigate
misuse, fraud, and illegal activities, and to track and evaluate activity on our Sites;
To enhance and maintain our Sites, services, and products;
To process and ship products you purchase or request, as applicable;
To administer surveys or contests, as applicable; and
As otherwise necessary to perform the services Sutter Health provides.
We may share your information, including information collected through our Sites,
under the following circumstances:
With our third party service providers who perform certain services or functions
on our behalf (for example, we may share your information with a hosting service provider
who hosts one of our Sites that you have visited, or with an advertising and/or social
network partner to assist with and track our marketing and advertising efforts);
In the event of a change in ownership or control, such as a sale or merger (in
the event of a sale or merger, we would request the new entity adhere to this Policy,
however, we may not have control over the new entity's privacy practices); in accordance
with your consent or direction, as permitted by law;
As required to comply with applicable laws and legal process, including law enforcement
requests;
To investigate and defend our and others’ rights and property (including
intellectual property rights); and
To protect the personal safety of us and others.
If you use our Sites from outside the United States, you consent to the transfer
of your information to the United States, and the use and disclosure of your information
as permitted under United States laws.
We may combine information collected through different Sites or portions of Sites.
In the event we combine personal information collected through our Sites with your
personal health information, we will use and disclose such combined information as
described in our Notice
of Privacy Practices, which relates to our collection, use, and disclosure of
medical information.
Accessing Your InformationAccessing Your Online Health Record through My Health Online
We request a limited set of identifying information from you in order to grant
you access to our Sites branded as My Health Online or My Chart, and to customize
your experience. Once logged in to My Health Online, you can access certain information
related to your medical care. Your medical information will be used and disclosed
in accordance with our Notice
of Privacy Practices for health information.
Security MeasuresProtecting your information is a top priority at Sutter. In addition to applying
confidentiality policies that govern access and use of information by Sutter clinicians
and staff, we have implemented physical, administrative, and technical security features
and methods designed to safeguard your data in our information systems, including
the use of, as appropriate, encryption, firewalls, monitoring, access controls, and
other controls where appropriate. While we take reasonable steps to protect your information,
we cannot guarantee the security of all systems against any potential breach. If we
ever learn of a breach of your information, then we will notify you in accordance
with applicable law.
Protecting Your Username and Password
It is extremely important that you keep any of your usernames and passwords for
Sutter Sites completely confidential. Anyone with access to your username and password
will be able to assume your online identity and view your information. For example,
anyone with access to your My Health Online username and password will be able to
view your medical information, add comments to your record, and communicate with your
Sutter care team. It is your responsibility to prevent disclosure of your usernames
and passwords and to change your usernames and passwords if you feel that their security
has been compromised.
You can change your My Health Online password by logging in to your account and
clicking the "Password Settings" link in the "Profile" section of the top menu, where
applicable. If you have any questions regarding the security of your password, please
call our patient services department at (866) 978-8837.
For other accounts, such as Sutter’s career portal, please use the “forgot
password” link to reset your password.
Please note that no one from Sutter will ever ask you for your passwords.
Children’s PrivacySutter does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the
age of 13. The Sites and their content are not directed at children under the age
of 13, except as general medical educational information. If Sutter is made aware
of collecting information of a child under 13 we will delete this information.
Sutter encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s
online and mobile activities and interests.
Information of California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) grants California residents
certain additional privacy rights. The CCPA does not encompass “protected health
information” that is governed by HIPAA or “medical information”
that is governed by the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act. Accordingly,
our HIPAA Notice
of Privacy Practices generally will govern HIPAA protected health information.
This section, in contrast, will cover information on California residents who are
employees, who visit the Sites but are not identifiable as patients, and information
on California residents that Sutter otherwise creates or receives but that is not
subject to HIPAA or the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act. This
section applies to both information that Sutter collects through the Sites and information
it creates or receives offline, including hard copy information.
Information of California Residents that We Collect, How We Use It, and
Who We May Share it With
The following lists the categories of information we collect about California residents,
describes how we use the information, and lists the categories of third-parties with
whom information has been shared with during the previous twelve months.
Category of Personal InformationBusiness
Purpose for which the information will be usedCategories of Third
Parties with whom the information may Sold or Disclosed
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier,
online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social
security number, driver’s license number, passport number, signature, physical
characteristics or description, telephone number, state identification card number,
insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number,
credit card number, debit card number or other similar identifiers.
Used for marketing communication purposes.Used for philanthropic communications
and recording keeping.Used for account maintenance in accounts created
for apps.
Advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, government
entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, and consumer data resellers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not
limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s
interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Used for cookies and other web technologies to assist with navigation, improve
our products and services, assist with marketing efforts, and provide content from
third parties.
Advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, government
entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, and consumer data resellers.
Geolocation data.
Used to provide customized content based on location from a device.
Advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, government
entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, and consumer data resellers.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Used to provide internal security services and customer service interactions and
or advertising and marketing.
Advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, government
entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, and consumer data resellers.
Accessing, Deleting, and Opting-out of the Sale of Your Information
The following are the rights provided to California residents under the CCPA.
Right to Access Information
Sutter, upon receipt of a verifiable request, will provide the requestor the pieces
of information that it holds about the individual. If Sutter cannot verify the individual,
Sutter will provide the requestor a list of categories of the pieces of information
Sutter has collected about the individual.
Right to Delete Information
Sutter, upon receipt of a verifiable request, will delete the information it holds
about the individual unless an exception under the CCPA applies.
Right to Opt out of the Sale of Information
An individual may request that Sutter health not sell information about the consumer.
NOTE: Under CCPA, the definition of “sale” is very broad. Sutter Health
does not sell personal information for financial gain. However, by using third party
services, some information sharing might be considered a “sale,” under
the CCPA.  The definition of “sale” under CCPA includes “selling,
renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or
otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s
personal information by the business to another business or third party for monetary
or other valuable consideration.”
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You will not receive discriminatory treatment by Sutter by exercising your privacy
rights conferred by the CCPA.
To exercise these CCPA rights, you may visit sutterhealth.org/privacy or call us
at (855) 771-4220. For requests of access and deletion,
Sutter will use the information you provide in your request to verify your identity
and to identify the presence of the requestor in our systems. Information required
for a request to access or delete personal information includes: Name, date of birth,
email address, phone number, and address.
Consumers may elect to designate an authorized agent to make their request. For
more information on authorized agents under the CCPA, please visit the California
Attorney General’s website.
We will honor any legal right you may have to access such information, but fees,
if permitted by law, may apply.
If you have questions about your rights related to your health information, please
visit our Notice of
Privacy Practices.
Revisions to this Privacy and Security PolicyAs state and federal laws change, and as we add new features to our Sites, Sutter
may periodically revise this Policy. We will post changes to this policy on our Sites.
Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes will mean you accept
those changes.
Questions, Concerns and Contact InformationFor questions about our privacy practices, please contact us at shpi@sutterhealth.org
or (855) 771-4220.
For questions, concerns, and suggestions about the content on My Health Online,
Contact Us. Note, email to
us via this link is not encrypted or secure so please do not include any personal
health information or other sensitive information in your email.
Review Date: 12/19/2019
Effective Date: 1/1/2020
The Sutter Health Network of Care
Expertise to fit your needs
Primary Care
Check-ups, screenings and sick visits for adults and children.
Specialty Care
Expertise and advanced technologies in all areas of medicine.
Emergency Care
For serious accidents, injuries and conditions that require immediate medical care.
Urgent
Care
After-hours, weekend and holiday services.
Walk-In Care
Convenient walk-in care clinics for your non-urgent health needs.
About Sutter
About Our Network
Annual Report
Awards
Community Benefit
Contact Us
News
Giving
Find Care
Birth Centers
Care Centers
Emergency Rooms
Hospitals
Imaging
Labs
Surgery Centers
Urgent Care
Walk-In Care
View All >
Featured Services
Behavioral Health
Cancer Services
Family Medicine
Home Health and Hospice
Orthopedics
Pediatrics
Pregnancy
Primary Care
Women's Health
View All >
Patient Resources
Accepted Health Plans
Classes and Events
Estimate Costs
Flu Resources
Health and Wellness
Medical Records
Medicare
My Health Online
Pay a Bill
Symptom Checker
Our Team
For Employees
Physician Careers
Recruiting Events
Sutter Careers
Vendors
Volunteers
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to give you the best possible user experience.
By clicking on "Accept Cookies", closing this pop-up banner or by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Accept Cookies