http://www.sedig.co.uk/getting-help
Subscribe
Charity Number: SCO45001
Getting Help
Getting Help Sections
Contacting your GP
Roles of teachers
Self Help
Services in Your Area
Treatments
Contact your GP
The GP is usually the first port of call and a good base to explore what help can be offered. Your GP can refer you to specialists including psychiatrists, psychology, dieticians and more if they feel specialist review is necessary.  You may find it difficult to access these professionals without talking to your GP. Alternatively, some GP surgeries have practice nurses who may be able to give advice.
If you have someone you can trust at school, college or university then you could talk to them for advice and ask them to support you to seek support. Most colleges and universities will have dedicated mental health support servicies available.
Your GP will be able to make a thorough assessment of the degree of your physical risk through a series of physical tests and by performing a full physical examination. Detailed questioning about your psychological health will help to confirm the presence of an eating disorder.
From this point an appointment will be made to refer the you to the most appropriate service, this would usually involve your GP making an appointment with a psychiatrist, psychologist and or your local community mental health service. It is possible that these teams may not have the specialty knowledge in the management of eating disorders but they nevertheless do have specialist skills and resources to manage some of the common symptoms that individuals with an eating disorder will suffer. Examples include, but are not limited to low mood, anxiety, low self-esteem and social disengagement.
If the resources in the community teams are limited, and they often can be, priority is usually given to those whose illnesses present the greatest risk in terms of an acute medical or psychiatric emergency. Sometimes patients may require an admission to hospital.
There is often concern expressed about a GP's lack of experience of treating patients with eating disorders, or that many are turned away. Limited resources and increasing demand can sometimes lead to a delay in diagnosis and an appropriate referral.
There are increasing efforts by eating disorder specialists to reach out to GP's to provide education and training.
Treatment guidelines for eating disorders published by the National Institute for health and Clinical excellence (NICE) advise that you are reviewed on a monthly basis if a possible diagnoses is suspected.
Subscribe to our email list
Sign up to our email list to stay up to date with the latest news from SEDIG
Email Address
Subscribe
Private Policy
The Scottish Eating Disorder Interest Group (SEDIG ("We")) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting www.sedig.org
you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is SEDIG, , MCN for Eating Disorders North Scotland.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
- Information you give us.
You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our website (www.sedig.org) or by corresponding by phone, email or otherwise.
This includes information you provide when you register for online services, become a SEDIG Member, sign up for our email newsletter, register for an event, enquire about volunteering opportunities, enquire about fundraising opportunities; make a donation and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth and financial information e.g. credit card details.
- With regard to each of your website visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information: technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call us
Information we may receive from other sources
We work closely with third parties (including, for example, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Cookies are used on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser and stored in the browser. The file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page form the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The information we obtain from the cookie could be used to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Browsers usually will allow you to refuse cookies but this could have a negative impact on the usability of many websites. to store information such as session identifiers and your User ID to allow us to identify whether You have previously visited the site and if You are a registered user of the site or not.
How we use this information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
to contact you via email (e.g. surveys/newsletter via mailchimp) with information relevant to the Services, unless you have asked us not to do so.
Data provided in any response by you may be used to develop user profiles for SEDIGs own use.
Information we collect about you
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of any advertising on our site and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SEDIG, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. SEDIG will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
SEDIG does not hold customers’ financial information and purchases or bookings made will be monitored under paypals own private policy. SEDIG will receive conformation of a purchase from paypal.
We will only receive details of payment being made and total amounts. We do not store or receive other financial information
Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted
You can request us not to use any of your personal details; you will usually ask in advance whether you agree to our use of your personal data.
If not you can instruct us not to use your personal data by emailing us at
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website
Policy amendments
We may occasionally update this privacy policy by posting a new version on our website. It is in your interest to check this page regularly to ensure you are comfortable with any changes made.
Third party websites
Our website contains links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites