http://www.vitaminsdiary.com/terms-of-services.html
Google
Web
Follow us on:
Vitamins diary
Tweet
Terms and conditions
Prior to availing the
services of this site, you are
requested to kindly read the Terms and
Conditions given below. If you
wish to avail of the services of this
site, then you will be bound to
the Terms and Conditions listed. VitaminsDiary.com
withholds the right
to change or modify these Terms and Conditions if
and when necessary.
The new Terms and Conditions will be posted on this
site and will
take immediate effect. If you wish to use this site after
this, the
new Terms and Conditions will apply.
Please read through
the following in detail.
VitaminsDiary.com owns the trademarks
and copyrights to
all the text, graphics, icons, button icons, code
and software that
are relevant to this site.  International copyright
laws protect the
same. You cannot modify, reproduce, copy, post, republish
or
distribute this material to anyone in any form except for non-commercial
purposes or for you own personal reference. You cannot use parts of
the content given on this site on your website without permission.
In the event that you download
or use material from this
site for non-commercial purposes you cannot
delete or change any
proprietary notices that are existent on the site.
VitaminsDiary.com
does not guarantee that files downloaded will be free of virus.
Although we take complete
care to see that all
information presented is up-to-date and reliable,
VitaminsDiary.com
cannot be held liable for inaccuracies or outdated information present,
nor for any damages suffered as a result of the use of this site.
Disclaimer
The purpose of this
site to is provide quality information
for the greater good of the general
public. The content on this site
cannot be used for trading purposes.
VitaminsDiary.com shall not be held liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive
or consequential damages,
which result from the use of the content or reliance upon any
information on this web site.
We do not personally endorse the views
or opinions given on this site.
Acting on any information on this site
should be done, solely at your
risk.
Privacy statement
Your privacy is always
of vital importance to
us. We will treat your information with the respect
it deserves. If
this site provides external links, VitaminsDiary.com will not be held
liable for the privacy policy of the third party site.
VitaminsDiary.com does not request any
confidential
information in order for you to view or access the site.
Therefore,
we will not be held liable for confidential information sent
without
request.
VitaminsDiary.com will not sell, e-mail,
provide or
submit any personal information that is submitted to us without
your
written consent. It will be kept completely confidential to protect
your privacy and will be only used for internal purposes. It is
completely
optional for you to provide information to us. The
information you provide
is only kept to improve the quality of
service, which we render to you.
The only instance where
we will disseminate personal
information provided to us, is when law
or a law enforcement agency
requires it.
Your use of this site
signifies your complete acceptance of all the parts of this document.
Leave your comments
Health News
Surgeon Removes Eight Pound Liver Tumor
The cancerous tumor in Marcus Muhich's liver weighed 8 pounds and was nearly a foot across. Doctors at three major academic medical centers in the Midwest told Muhich his high-grade tumor was inoperable. Then he was referred to Dr... [ read article ]
NIPPV Linked To Increased Hospital Mortality Rates In Small Group Of Patients
Although increased use of noninvasive positive-pressure ventilation (NIPPV) nationwide has helped decrease mortality rates among patients hospitalized with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a small group of... [ read article ]
FDA Approves Label Update For PREZISTA® To Include 192-Week Data In HIV-1-Infected Adult Patients
Starting Treatment
Janssen Therapeutics, Division of Janssen Products, LP, announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a label update for PREZISTA® (darunavir) tablets to include 192-week data from the ARTEMIS study... [ read article ]
Recommended Stuff
If you are confused about vitamins, this is the place to go. They will
give you a free personalized vitamin profile plus 50% OFF on your first
order. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Our Latest Blog Entries...
Vitamin Diary Categories :
Other Links
SiteMap
About Us
Contact Us
Link to Us
© 2010-2011 vitaminsdiary.com. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Disclaimer