http://www.emsaonline.com/privacy-policy/
EMSA > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
EMSA is committed to providing you with the highest level of service available. As part of the process of using our Web site, you may be asked to submit personal information. This Internet Privacy Policy statement explains our policies regarding this information.
Use of Cookies
It is common Internet practice to use cookies, which are small files sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer that help improve your experience while using a Web site. The cookies do not contain personal information. If you block cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of some of the functionality available on our site.
Data Collection
Different types of data are collected on this Web site.
Standard Web Use Information Collected
One type of information collected is Standard Web server traffic information that is collected for our use. This information is used by us to determine usage of the site. Information collected may include demographic information, information about your system and software used to access the site, and recording of pages used while on this site. However, there is no personal identifiable information captured and this information is used for internal purposes only and is not shared.
Personal Information
In order to partake in certain aspects of our site, you will be asked to provide personal, identifiable information. You are entering this information knowingly and voluntarily. Information required may include name, address, telephone number, email address, family information, occupation, and credit card information.
Your personal information is retained on our system to process your request and for communication purposes only.
Credit Card Information
All credit card information is collected using Secure Socket Layer protection, which is accepted as an Internet Standard. Your credit card number is held in our system only until the charge is processed by a secure, authorized credit card gateway provider and is then only available in limited format (last four digits) to members of our service team for problem resolution.
Transaction information, including the transaction number and the last four digits of the credit card, and additional personal information obtained in your order are stored on our system with Secure Socket Layer protection.
Use of Data
If you have used one or more of our services that require you to supply us with personal information, we limit the use of that information to Internal Use. This information is not shared with any third-party and is never sold in any way. This information may be used to process and track your order or to contact you regarding your order or to provide you with information about our organization.
You may request the information we maintain about you. Upon request, information will be sent via U.S. postal service. You may request this information at:
EMSA
1111 Classen Drive
Oklahoma City, OK 73103
(405)297-7110
To protect your privacy, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing you with this information.
Data Security
This Web site is maintained on a server that is password protected with access granted to authorized users only. Financial transactions are encrypted using SSL, which is industry standard for Web transactions.
Staff personnel and agents granted permission to view certain administrative functions of the site are able to access the administrative area of the site where personal information may be stored only through password and username assigned to them.
Guarantees & Warranties
EMSA and its affiliates, agents, or other persons developing and producing this site are not liable for injury or damages caused by errors or omissions of information, delays in posting, interruptions in service, or loss of data supplied by the user while on this site. In addition, we reserve the right to change, discontinue or modify any or all services either temporarily or permanently without out notice to users.
Contact Information
If you would like to discuss our Terms and Conditions, please contact us. We will respond to your message as quickly as possible.
EMSA business offices are currently closed due to COVID. If you have a medical emergency, please call 9-1-1.
×