http://www.heavenlyangelsinneed.com/terms/
Registration Terms - Heavenly Angels in Need- H.A.I.N.
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Registration Terms
Forum Terms & Rules
From HAIN President: Heavenly Angels in Need is here to help babies and children in need. We ask that when you join Heavenly Angels in Need you respect others on this board.
There is no place for foul language, racism will not be tolerated.
Respecter of privacy of other members.
We also ask that if you decide to leave that you respect our laws of an organization and the good of it.
You are never allowed to get emails and spam or sell emails to spammers.
We will not tolerate email abuses.
HAIN is not tolerable of any of these rules be broken. We will remove you from the board if any or all of these rules are violated.
Thank you for your time, Mary Glynn
We periodically remove members that do not post to conserve web space. If you were removed because of this and you want to be active please re join. We would love to have you!!
Founder/President
Forum Rules:
Please take a moment to review these rules detailed below. If you agree with them and wish to proceed with the registration, simply click the "Register" button below. To cancel this registration, simply hit the 'back' button on your browser.
Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message.
The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this bulletin board. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this bulletin board to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violation of any law.
PLEASE NOTE WHEN REGISTERING WITH OUR FORUM WE ARE HAVING "ERROR MESSAGE PROBLEMS AND WE ARE WORKING ON THIS, PLEASE IGNORE THE ERROR CODE AND NOTE THAT WE DID GET YOUR REQUEST TO BE A MEMBER AND WILL APPROVE OF YOU APPLICATION AS WE RECEIVE IT. PLEASE DO NOT RE REGISTER MORE THEN THE 1 TIME.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this bulletin board.
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Heavenly Angels in Need
Powered by Invision Community
Important Information
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use.
I accept