https://www.recovery.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
Centres
Banbury Lodge
Liberty House Clinic
Primrose Lodge
Oasis Bradford
Oasis Runcorn
Recovery Lighthouse
Sanctuary Lodge
Treatment Options
Find a Rehab
Rehabiltitation
Rehab Clinic
Alcohol Rehab
Drug Rehab
Addiction Rehab
Outpatient Alcohol Rehab
Residential Rehab
Detoxification
Alcohol Detox
Drug Detox
Alcohol Help
Addiction
Alcohol Addiction
Alcohol Withdrawal
Alcoholism
Symptoms of Alcoholism
Alcoholism Support
Alcoholism Treatment
How To
Giving Up Alcohol
Stop Drinking
Drugs Help
Drug Addiction
Drug Abuse
Addiction
Addiction Helpline
Addiction
Types of Addictions
Addiction Counselling
Addiction Therapy
Heroin Addiction
Cocaine Addiction
Cannabis Addiction
Codeine Addiction
Crack Addiction
Prescription Drug Addiction
Methadone Addiction
Amphetamine Addiction
Legal High Addiction
Opiate Addiction
Privacy Notice for Recovery Web Solutions Limited
This Privacy Notice is effective from 1st May 2018
This Privacy Notice gives you information on how Recovery Web Solutions Limited (Company number: 07543112) collect and process your personal data and your rights in relation to the data we hold about you.
Recovery Web Solutions Limited is a “data controller” for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and (from 25 May 2018) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.  This means that we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information. Recovery Web Solutions Limited is listed with the Office of the Information Commissioner as a data controller.
We will update this Privacy Notice from time to time. When we do change the notice, we will post an update on our websites.
Recovery Web Solutions takes data protection and confidentiality very seriously. This Privacy Notice covers:
How to contact us
When and what personal data do we collect
How we use your personal data
How we store your personal data
Protection of your personal data
Sharing your personal information
Young persons
Disclosure to third parties
Accuracy and retention of personal information
Monitoring
Your rights
We collect personal data about our service users (patients and clients) and colleagues so please make sure that you read the relevant sections of this notice and get in touch if you have any questions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or how we process your information or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible data breach please contact us:
By Email: dataprotection@ukat.co.uk
or
Write to us at:  Data Protection Recovery Web Solutions
Langley House,
Park Road,
East Finchley,
London, N2 8EY
We take data security extremely seriously and all such communications are examined and replies issued where appropriate as soon as possible. If you are unsatisfied with the reply you receive, you may refer your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk/concerns)
1. WHEN AND WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS. RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other but will always use it in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our services. You are not required to provide the personal information that we may request, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our services or respond to any queries you may have.
RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS will collect information from you in various ways, including when you:
contact us by any means with queries, complaints or ask a question about mental health and addiction treatment
register with us for treatment or rehabilitation
ask a question about mental health and addiction treatment
voluntarily complete our surveys or provide us with feedback
visit our website (website usage information is collected using cookies – see below)
engage with us on social media or download/install one of our apps
book an appointment with us or attend an event/programme that we are running
have given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you
Typically the type of personal information we collect about you will include:
Personal contact details (i.e. name, postal address, e-mail and contact number)
Date of birth
Nationality
Racial or ethnic origin
Religious or philosophical beliefs
Physical and mental health information
Political opinions
Trade union membership
Genetic data
Biometric data
Health and medical records
Financial information
Passport details
Residency state
Username (e.g. any name you use on a social media site or a NHS website)
Online identifier
Social media identifier
National insurance number
Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser
CCTV recordings when you visit one of our centers
We may also collect information about how you use the website through the use of cookies (and other similar technologies), as part of improving the content and functionality of the website. For more information about the use of cookies please see our Cookie Notice, which is available on our website. .
If our services are commissioned for you by third parties (your GP, local authorities, clinical commissioning groups, private medical insurers etc.) they will provide us with a variety of information, including your name, postal address, telephone number, email address and, medical/educational history.
During the course of your time with us we will keep information about you in your personal records like your name, address and date of birth together with details of any care and/or treatment that you are having.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will rely on the following factors (as applicable) as the basis for processing your personal information:
It is necessary for the performance of a contract with us
It is necessary to comply with mandatory legal or statutory obligations
It is necessary for public interest
It is necessary to protect the vital interest of you or other persons, such as your health and wellbeing
It is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests as data controller to continue processing your personal data in a way that we have previously done (however, we will not allow our interest to override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms)
Consent, whereby you have consented to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes
The personal information we collect and store about you allows us to provide services to you. We also use it to help us develop, operate, deliver, and improve the quality of the care we provide or, more generally, the type of services that we offer. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices to you or to those acting on your behalf, such as updates to your care and/or treatment plans or changes to our terms, conditions and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our services and our communication with you.
3. HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Any personal information which is collected, recorded or used in any way, whether on paper, online or any other media, will have appropriate safeguards applied in line with our data protection obligations. We have appropriate and adequate technical and administrative processes in place to make sure that all your information is kept secure.
4. PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS takes the security of your personal information very seriously. To make sure your personal information is protected, we have a series of technical and administrative measures in place. Access is limited only to those of our employees who need to access it to provide services to you.
All members of staff are required to undertake annual data protection and confidentiality training and our privacy and security guidelines are communicated to all RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS employees. These privacy safeguards are monitored and strictly enforced. We send any information that we need to share with any third parties either as a legal requirement or through an anonymised process securely.
The majority of your information is processed in the UK and European Economic Area (EEA). However, some of your information may be processed by us or the third parties we work with outside of the EEA, including countries such as the United States. Where your information is being processed outside of the EEA, we take additional steps to ensure that your information is protected to at least an equivalent level as would be applied by UK 5. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS will not share your personal information with any third party that intends to use it for direct marketing unless we have received your specific consent to do so. Information may be shared with our subsidiary companies which RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS has control through direct or indirect ownership (as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006). There may be occasions where RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS will need to share your information with selected third parties, on these occasions will ensure there is a data processing agreement in place which ensures that the third party keeps information private, secure and processed only in the way specified by RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS.
6. YOUNG PERSONS
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of the young people under our care.  Where a young person engages with the services of RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS, we will ask the young person if an adult with parental responsibility can provide consent for us to hold/use the young person’s personal data but if this is not possible, we will make a professional judgement.  If it can be justified to be in the public interest to share the personal data, we will lawfully share it to protect the young person from significant harm and promote the welfare of the young person.
Whilst the majority of young person information provided to us is mandatory, some of it is provided to us on a voluntary basis. In order to comply with the law, we will inform you whether you are required to provide certain young person information to us or if you have a choice in this.
All young person information will be held on the same basis as other information outlined in this Privacy Notice.
We routinely share information about young people who are using our services with local authorities, guardians and parents. We do not share information about the young people in our care with anyone without consent unless the law and our internal policies allow us to do so.
We share young people’s data with the local authority on a statutory basis. This data sharing underpins local authority funding and policy and monitoring.
Parents and young persons have the right to request access to information about them that we hold. To make a request for your personal information, or be given access to your child’s record, contact us at the address outlined above.
7. DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS will not share your personal information with any third party that intends to use it for direct marketing unless we have received your specific consent to do so. Information may be shared with our subsidiary companies which RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS has control through direct or indirect ownership (as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006). There may be circumstances where RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS will need to share your information with selected third parties. We will only share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
where you have given your consent to the information being shared
where there are issues or concerns like your wellbeing or the wellbeing of others
where there is a legal requirement or obligation to share the information
Personal information of service users may also need to be shared with third parties to make arrangements for the funding and/or payment of services received.
Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale of RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS or any part of it, we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
8. ACCURACY AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. If any of your information changes please let us know so that we can update our records.
We are legally required to hold certain information about you for a set period of time. The length of time we keep your information for these purposes will vary depending on the obligations we need to meet. All personal information will be deleted or securely destroyed at the appropriate time and we will not keep your personal information for longer than is required or permitted by law.
9. MONITORING
Your communications with the staff members of RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS (including by telephone or email) may be monitored and/or recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes to ensure that we continuously improve our customer service standards and to enable us to deliver our services to you.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
You have various in relation to how RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS uses your information and these are:
You are entitled to see what personal information we hold about you at any time. If you wish to access your personal information, please make a data subject access request using contact details set out above.
You have a right to receive clear and easy to understand information on what personal information we have, why and who we share it with – we do this in our Privacy Policy and privacy notices
If the personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you can request that it is corrected.
You have the right to request that all data held by RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS which identifies you is deleted but please note RECOVERY WEB SOLUTIONS may be compelled to maintain your information due to specific legislative or regulatory requirements. .
Whenever you have given us consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for direct marketing purposes. We will ask you when we collect your personal data if we can use your data for such purposes or if we can disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can opt-out of receiving such marketing at any time.
You can ask us to provide you or a third party with some of the personal information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, electronic form, so it can be easily transferred.
Cookies Notice
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by websites you visit. They are widely used in order to ensure websites work efficiently, alongside providing insight about the volume of visitors to the website and how visitors move around the website. This in turn helps us to develop the user experience.
How we use cookies
Our website uses cookies to improve its functionality, monitor site performance, and improve the user experience.
The table below explains the cookies we collect and the information they store.
How to change your cookie settings?
Settings can be changed on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent.
Use these links to manage cookies on popular web browsers:
Google Chrome
Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
For information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website, where the “help” section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Recovery.org.uk will help you find the best treament for you or a loved one with just one telephone call. Our fully trained addiction counsellors are here 24 hours a day and offer advice on both NHS and private treatment options. Our Addiction Helpline is 100% free to use and all calls are confidential. Call Now 0203 553 0324
Recovery.org.uk will help you find the best treament for you or a loved one with just one telephone call. Our fully trained addiction counsellors are here 24 hours a day and offer advice on both NHS and private treatment options. Our Addiction Helpline is 100% free to use and all calls are confidential. Call Now 0203 553 0324
Free Callback Service
We offer a free callback service 24/7. Enter your number below and one of our addiction counsellors will call you back shortly.
close
help
Who am I contacting?
Calls and contact requests are answered by admissions at
UK Addiction Treatment Group.
We look forward to helping you take your first step.
0203 553 0324
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more