http://www.averasacredheart.com/patients-visitors/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
I want to...
Find COVID-19 Resources
Pay My Bill
Request My Medical Records
Send a Greeting
Request a Prayer
Donate to Avera
Find a Job
Main Navigation
Health Services
Find a Doctor
Find a Location
Patients & Visitors
Find a Health Plan
For Health Care Professionals
Urgent, Evening & Weekend Care
Depending on COVID-19 spread, visitation may not be allowed at Avera locations. Please check with the facility before visiting.Use this COVID-19 resource if you have symptoms or have been exposed. View a list of clinic and facility closures.
You are here:
Home > Find a Location > Avera Sacred Heart Hospital
Avera Sacred Heart Hospital
Avera Sacred Heart Hospital
Avera Sacred Heart Hospital delivers comprehensive health care and extensive medical specialty services to residents of southeastern South Dakota and surrounding areas of Nebraska, Minnesota and Iowa.
Innovative Health Services Close to Home
No matter where you live, whether in a rural location or the Yankton community, you and your doctor can rely on Avera Sacred Heart for the vital care you need, right here at home.
Get fast access to a wide range of specialists at Avera Sacred Heart through our innovative eCARE™ telemedicine services, available at more than 150 Avera clinics and doctor offices across the region.
In the Yankton area, you can visit the hospital or one of our affiliated clinics and locations, including the Avera Sacred Heart Wellness Center.
Advanced Technology & Expert Care
When you face a health challenge or life with a chronic condition, you want the best possible care for your situation. Trust Avera Sacred Heart for an extensive array of advanced technology and services, including:
Verified Level V Trauma Center – Designated by the American College of Surgeons for comprehensive, 24/7 response to emergencies
Careflight emergency air transport – Rapid transport by air ambulance, equipped with the latest in life-saving technology and expert trauma teams
Advanced imaging, diagnostic and treatment technology – Includes high-performance CT, MRI, digital and 3-D mammography and other digital imaging services to interventional radiology, interventional cardiology, minimally invasive surgical procedures and more
Avera QuickLabs - Stop in when it’s convenient and take advantage of a variety of blood tests for a flat fee
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) - The Wound Care & Hyperbaric Treatment Center is located in Suite 2500 on the second floor of the Pavilion.
Intensive care, supported by Avera eICU
Hana®, a high-tech fracture table ideal in performing direct anterior total hip replacement
ProAxis® Spinal Surgery Table allows surgeon to perform spinal procedures with ease
State-of-the-art filtration system decreases rate of infection and ensures optimal outcomes
GE anesthesia machine delivers anesthesia tailored to the patient’s needs
Up-to-date MRI and CT scanner aids in diagnosis and detection
Top-Rated Care
At Avera Sacred Heart, you benefit from evidence-based care, a strong focus on your safety and comfort while you stay with us, and the best possible outcomes.
In addition, you’re assured of outstanding care from the experts at Avera Sacred Heart because the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) shows we meet or exceed national standards on quality measures related to heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, emergency care and stroke care.
You’ll also appreciate the professional, compassionate care you receive at Avera Sacred Heart.
Visiting Hours & Patient Information
Because families and caregiver networks play an important role in your health and recovery, be sure to encourage them to visit while you stay with us. Review patient and visitor information including dining options, visiting hours and visitor amenities at Avera Sacred Heart, as well as options for lodging and accommodations.
Find out how to prepare for your hospital visit or your child's hospital visit. Take advantage of our spiritual care services, and get details on becoming a patient by downloading our patient handbook in English or en Español.
Pay My Bill
Pay your bill online or call the Avera Sacred Heart business office at 605-668-8109 or 888-370-6525 from 7 a.m. – 5 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Get an Estimate
Our price estimate tool will help you plan for upcoming health services.
Excellent Career & Volunteer Opportunities
Join Avera, the Upper Midwest's health care leader, for an inspiring and exciting career. Search the possibilities below:
All Avera jobs
Physician practice openings
Professional medical education
Avera also offers many classes for health care professionals and other opportunities for health care professionals, including programs for pharmacy residency, radiologic technology and emergency medical services.
Volunteer at Avera Sacred Heart
Put your talents, interests and skills to work by volunteering at Avera Sacred Heart. You can make a difference by serving in the hospital, hospice or at Avera Sister James Care Center.
Find Classes & Events
Check out health-related classes and events at Avera Sacred Heart. Find support groups, health screenings or programs in your neighborhood.
Discover Avera Sacred Heart
More than a century ago, the Benedictine Sisters of Yankton were called upon to enter an entirely new field of service: the care of the sick and the injured. That challenge was quickly met and the Sisters, who had been primarily trained as teachers, soon became nurses. Through the decades, Avera Sacred Heart has continued to grow in response to health needs as part of the region-leading Avera Health system. Discover more about Avera Sacred Heart, including:
Community health needs assessment and implementation plan
Notice Informing Individuals About Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements (Section 1557)
Facilities, such as Avera Cancer Institute Yankton and Majestic Bluffs senior living community
History of Avera Sacred Heart
Privacy and policies
Virtual tours
Avera Sacred Heart Foundation
Help provide top-quality health care to Avera patients, families and communities, regardless of anyone’s ability to pay. Your gift changes lives and supports our healing ministry. Contact the Avera Sacred Heart Foundation or call us at 605-668-8310.
South Dakota Grant Information
The Internal Revenue Service Form 990 has been filed, if applicable, in compliance with federal law, and is displayed immediately after filing on the recipient's or sub-recipient's website. Additional Information
As a recipient of Federal financial assistance, Avera Sacred Heart Hospital does not exclude, deny benefits to, or otherwise discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability, or age in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and benefits under any of its programs and activities, whether carried out by Avera Sacred Heart Hospital or through a contractor or any other entity with which programs or activities are arranged.
This statement is in accordance with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Regulations of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued pursuant to these statutes of the Title 45 Code of Federal Regulations Part 80, 84, and 91.
Avera Sacred Heart Hospital
Sacred Heart Patients & Visitors
Volunteer at Avera Sacred Heart
About Avera Sacred Heart
Contact Avera Sacred Heart
Avera is a health ministry rooted in the Gospel. Our mission is to make a positive impact in the lives and health of persons and communities by providing quality services guided by Christian values.
Support Avera
About Avera Health
Community Partnership Benefit
Annual Report
News & Media
Innovation & Research
Sign up for eNews
Sign up for Daily Reflections
Staff & Partners
Privacy Policy
Contact
© 2020 Avera Health, Sioux Falls, SD. All Rights Reserved.