http://www.melanomacare.org/privacy.shtml
Home
Links
Faculty Information
Activities & Events
Melanoma Care Centers
Slide Library
Polling Results
Patient Resources
Contact Us
Register
Log-in
Log In
Disclaimer:
The materials provided at this website are for informational purposes and should not be used for diagnosis or treatment of a health problem without consulting a licensed medical professional. Any views or opinions presented on this website are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of the University of Pittsburgh or of those of UPMC Health System. References to any non-University of Pittsburgh entity or non-UPMC Health System entity, product, service, or source of information in this website should not be considered an endorsement, either direct or implied, by the University of Pittsburgh or by UPMC Health System. The University of Pittsburgh and UPMC Health System accept no liability for the content of any pages referenced in this website.
Privacy Policy:
Paradigm Medical Communications (Paradigm) and the University of Pittsburgh/UPMC Health System (UPMC) are committed to protecting the privacy of those who choose to participate in the program (herein referred to as "website"), located at www.melanomacare.org, to earn CME credits. This policy describes the security of the website, the safeguarding of personal information, and the collection and use of personal information.
Security
Safeguarding your personal information
Physical and procedural safeguards are in place to protect from unauthorized access personal information used to access the website.
Collection and use of your personal information
In order to earn CME credits using the website, the submission of certain personally identifiable information is necessary. The required items include the participant's Social Security number, first name, last name, degree, and e-mail address. These items are necessary to award and track the credits participants may earn after completing the program. Participants are required to complete an evaluation of the website. All evaluative information submitted is collected and retained. Evaluative information assists the staff of Paradigm/UPMC in continuously improving the learning experience.
Paradigm/ UPMC do not transfer, sell, or share personal information with outside parties. Paradigm/UPMC will not otherwise disclose personal information unless required to in a legal process.
Paradigm/ UPMC staff members review individual test results to the extent necessary to record and track participant's credits.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this policy, please Contact Us
Last Modified 12/11/2020
Home |
Links |
Faculty Information |
Activities & Events |
Melanoma Care Centers
Slide Library |
Polling Results |
Patient Resources
Contact Us |
Register |
Log-in
System Requirements |
Privacy
Copyright © 2013 Paradigm Medical Communications, LLC
Sponsored by the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine
Supported by an educational grant from