https://www.diabeticlive.com/about-us/policies/
Skip to content
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on PinterestShare on RedditShare on EmailWhat information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
Advertising
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads to you when you visit https://www.diabeticlive.com.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your web browsing history.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.)
Diabetic Live uses Google Universal Analytics. If you want to opt out of this type of tracking, please visit the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on page.
Lead Generation
Company will obtain and generate Leads within the 50 states of the United States of America, the District of Columbia, and any territories of the United States of America. The term “Lead” means the following information Concerning an individual who has expressed an interest in DMEPOS items or Services:
(I) contact information consisting of the individuals name, Address, telephone number, and email address; and (ii) documentation of the Individuals written permission to contact, via telephone, e-mail and mail, By a DMEPOS supplier. Client may, from time to time, specify the type of DMEPOS items or services for which it desires Leads, and Company agrees to Provide Leads for the specified DMEPOS items or services. Company does not Warrant or represent that Client or any customer of Client will generate any Sales of DMEPOS or other business by the purchase of or contact with Leads.
* All Leads forwarded to client will have given written permission sufficient to permit telephone contact by client, and company maintains documentation of all such permissions.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
(we may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes without your consent)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to contact you in the future..
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Credit Card Details
Diabetic Live will never ask for credit card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on Diabetic Live.
Funding Sources
Diabetic Live is funded privately by it’s owner, C. Berry. There are no external funding sources.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was updated October 30, 2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the contact form on this website (https://www.diabeticlive.com/about-us/contact-us/).
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on PinterestShare on RedditShare on Email
Search
Search for:
Search
Recent Articles
At-Home Lab Testing, No Insurance And No Referrals
The Budwig Protocol Diet And Recipe
Can A High-Fiber Diet Help Manage Diabetes?
What Exactly is Diabetes Insipidus?
Diabetic Nerve Pain Overview
Benfotiamine
Understanding Ketones
An Instructional on Diabetes Diet Guidelines
Soft Drinks and Diabetes
Stress Can Greatly Influence Diabetes
Caffeine And Diabetes
A Guide To Sugar Alcohols
Honey and Diabetes
A1C Levels
The Power Of The BD Ultra-Fine Short Needle
Glucolet 2 Lancing Device
Diabetic Retinopathy: An Overview
The Difference Between Type 1 And Type 2 Diabetes
Water Retention
Toenail Fungus and Diabetes
Flibanserin Submitted For Another FDA Approval
Diabetes and Diarrhea
Budwig Protocol and Diabetes
Depression and Diabetes: What You Should Know
Is There a Relationship between DVT and Diabetes?
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on PinterestShare on RedditShare on Email