https://www.entofga.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Locations
About
Contact
Close
Menu
Close
ENT of Georgia is committed to your health and safety. For information on Telehealth Services and office updated related to COVID-19, please visit our information page:Learn More
About
About Us
Our Providers
Hospitals & Surgery Center Affiliations
Testimonials
Our Locations
What is an Otolaryngologist?
What Is an Audiologist?
Ear
Ear Conditions & Treatments
Ear Infection
Earwax Removal
Swimmer’s Ear
Eardrum Perforation
Hearing
Ménière’s Disease
Ringing in the Ear
BPPV
Mastoid Surgery
Ear Tubes
Acoustic Neuromas
Cholesteatoma
Nose
Nose Conditions & Treatments
Allergies
Deviated Septum
Sinusitis
Nosebleeds
Loss of Smell
Nasal Congestion
Nasal Obstructions
Nasal Fracture
Post-Nasal Drip
Rhinitis
Throat
Throat
Throat Conditions & Treatments
Airway Problems
Chronic Cough
Hoarseness
Laryngitis
Sore Throat
Swallowing Disorders
Reflux
Tonsils & Adenoids
Voice Disorders
Head & Neck Masses
Head & Neck
Thyroid
Sleep & Snoring
Sleep Apnea
Sleep Disorders
Snoring
Snoring Treatments
Kids Health
Kids ENT Health
Pediatric Ear Infection
Pediatric Sinusitis
Pediatric Tonsillitis/Adenoiditis
Pediatric Sleep
Facial Plastics
Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery Conditions
Nasal Fracture
Facial Fillers & Injectables
Anti-Wrinkle Treatments
Face & Neck Lift
Rhinoplasty
Chin Augmentation
Eyelift
Earlobe Repair
Laser Treatments
Resources
Accepted Insurance
HIPAA Statement
Medical Records & Office Policies
Patient Forms
Patient Portal
Blog
Contact
Search
Search for:
Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using the https://canned.fuel.team website (the “Service”) operated by ENT of Georgia North (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of ENT of Georgia North and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of ENT of Georgia North.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by ENT of Georgia North.
ENT of Georgia North has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that ENT of Georgia North shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Georgia, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30-day notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:ENT of Georgia North5673 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Suite 150Atlanta, GA 30342 (404) 297-4230
Name*Email*
Phone*LocationChoose a LocationAlpharettaAtlanta-MidtownAtlanta-St. JosephDawsonvilleDecaturENT Surgery Center of Atlanta, LLCLawrencevilleMarietta - East CobbMarietta - Windy HillRoswellSandy SpringsSnellvilleSuwaneeSuwanee/Johns Creek
Please prove you are human by selecting the Icon
Contact Us
Varies
ENT of Georgia North | 5673 Peachtree Dunwoody Road Suite 945 Sandy Springs,
GA
30342
|
Office: (404) 297-4230