http://www.pediatriconcall.com/terms-and-conditions
Sign In
Terms and Conditions
Please read the terms & conditions carefully before accessing or using this website or app. By accessing or using this site or app, the user agrees to be bound by all of the terms & conditions below. The provider may modify these terms & conditions at any time, & such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting the modified Terms & Conditions. The user agrees to review the Terms & conditions periodically to check for such modifications & your using or accessing the site or app constitutes the user's acceptance of the Terms & conditions as it appears at the time of the user's use or access.
Medical Advice
The contents of the site or apps, such as text, graphics, images, information in this site or apps is provided by medical and paramedical & Health providers voluntarily for display & is meant only for informational purpose. The site or apps does not guarantee the accuracy or authenticity of the information. Use of any information appearing on the site or apps is solely at the user's own risk.
The information on this site or apps is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions, the user may have regarding a medical condition. Pediatric Oncall does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site or app. The Site or apps may contain health- or medical-related materials which you may find offensive, then you may not want to use our Site or apps.
In no event will the provider be liable to the user or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by the user or anyone else on basis of the information provided on www.pediatriconcall.com or in Pediatric Oncall Apps. No medical, legal or any other decision shall be based solely upon the information provided through this site or apps.
Drugs and Medicines Policy
The information about drugs (generic drugs) contained in this database is general in nature & is intended for use as an educational aid. It does not cover all possible uses, actions, precautions, side effects, or interactions of these medicines, nor is the information intended as medical advice for individual problems or for making an evaluation as to the risks & benefits of taking a particular drug.
Pediatric Oncall Public Areas
If you use a Public Area, such as a chat room, message boards, blogs or community Ask Our Expert posting or other member communities, you are solely responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those communications, and your reliance on any communications found in the Public Areas. Pediatric Oncall and its licensors are not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas.
As a service to our users, Pediatric Oncall features message boards, chat rooms and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer. We also offer online discussions moderated by medical or healthcare experts. Any information shared (including Personally Identifiable and Personal Health Information) that you reveal in a chat room, message board, Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not a private, secure service. You should think carefully before disclosing any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information in any public forum. What you have written may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, this information may also appear in third-party search engines like Google, Yahoo, MSN etc.
In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
Using a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws;
Posting material that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
Posting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive,slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by Pediatric Oncall in its sole discretion;
Posting advertisements or solicitations of business;
After receiving a warning, continuing to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, or posting comments that are not related to the topic being discussed (unless it is clear the discussion is free-form);
Posting chain letters or pyramid schemes;
Impersonating another person;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their identification for posting or viewing comments; consent;
Allowing any other person or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing comments
Posting the same note more than once or "spamming"; or
Engaging in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Site, or which, in the judgment of Pediatric Oncall, exposes Pediatric Oncall or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of any type.
Pediatric Oncall reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
Record the dialogue in public chat rooms.
Investigate an allegation that a communication(s) do(es) not conform to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s).
Remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform with these Terms and Conditions.
Terminate a user's access to any or all Public Areas and/or the Pediatric Oncall Site upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Monitor, edit, or disclose any communication in the Public Areas.
Edit or delete any communication(s) posted on the Pediatric Oncall Site, regardless of whether such communication(s) violate these standards.
When you post User Content to the apps or website, you authorize and direct us to make such copies thereof as we deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting and storage of the User Content on the apps or website. By posting User Content to any part of the apps or website, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Pediatric Oncall an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such User Content for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with the apps or website or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. Pediatric Oncall does not assert any ownership over your User Content; rather, as between us and you, subject to the rights granted to us in this Agreement, you retain full ownership of all of your User Content and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your User Content.
Pediatric Oncall or its licensors have no liability or responsibility to users of the Pediatric Oncall Site or apps any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities. You will be responsible for all activities occurring under your username and for keeping your password secure. You understand and agree that the Public Area is provided to you on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis. Pediatric Oncall disclaims all responsibility and liability for the availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Service or any other client software. Pediatric Oncall also reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue any Service with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you.
We may also integrate with third parties who will interact with you under their terms of service. One such third party is YouTube and by using the Sites or Services, you agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service located here.
User submissions - image, video, audio files
You agree to only post or upload Media (like photos, videos or audio) that you have taken yourself or that you have all rights to transmit and license and which do not violate trademark, copyright, privacy or any other rights of any other person. Photos or videos of celebrities and cartoon or comic images are usually copyrighted by the owner.
To protect your privacy, you agree that you will not submit any media that contains Personally Identifiable Information (like name, phone number, email address or web site URL.) of you or of anyone else. Uploading media like images or video of other people without their permission is strictly prohibited.
By uploading any media on the Pediatric Oncall site or apps, you warrant that you have permission from all persons appearing in your media for you to make this contribution and grant rights described herin. Never post a picture or video of or with someone else unless you have their explicit permission.
It is strictly prohibited to upload media of any kind that contain expressions of hate, abuse, offensive images or conduct, obscenity, pornography, sexually explicit or any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Pediatric Oncall Advertising Policy and the Pediatric Oncall Privacy Policy.
You agree that you will not upload any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or this Web site or apps.
By uploading any media like a photo or video, (a) you grant to Pediatric Oncall a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material included in the media; and (b) you certify that any person pictured in the submitted media (or, if a minor, his/her parent/legal guardian) authorizes Pediatric Oncall to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material included in such media; and (c) you agree to indemnify Pediatric Oncall and its affiliates, directors, officers and employees and hold them harmless from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from the media and/or your failure to comply with these the terms described in this document.
Pediatric Oncall reserves the right to review all media prior to submission to the site and to remove any media for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion
Our Tools and Databases
We include clinical tools and databases intended for the use of healthcare professionals on our Web Site and apps. Our tools don't give professional advice or recommend particular products. Physicians and other healthcare professionals who use our tools or databases should exercise their own clinical judgment as to the results. Consumers who use the tools or databases do so at their own risk.
Acknowledgements
We have attempted to provide acknowledgement of sources as references for text, but there is likelihood that several acknowledgements are not mentioned. The providers are certainly willing to correct omissions of citations & encourage our readers to email us with further information regarding the sources.
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this web site by contacting Pediatric Oncall's copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.
Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that "under penalty of perjury," you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Pediatric Oncall's agent for copyright issues relating to this web site
or apps is as follows:
Pediatric Oncall.
1/B Saguna, 271/B St. Francis Road,
Vile Parle (W)
Mumbai 400056
info@pediatriconcall.com
In an effort to protect the rights of copyright owners, Pediatric Oncall maintains a policy for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of subscribers and account holders of the Site who are repeat infringers.
Copyrights
Information on the site or apps is for personal use & may not be sold or redistributed. To reprint or electronically reproduce any document or graphic in whole or in part for any reason is expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from Pediatric Oncall
The Content is protected by copyright under both Indian and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with Pediatric Oncall or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of Pediatric Oncall. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Pediatric Oncall and its licensors.
Publication of a write-up article would not mean that the developers of this site has necessarily agreed with the writer's views. The providers on this site or apps shall not be liable for a breach of the copyrights, if any committed by the writer himself. Every care has been taken in editing & reproducing the materials correctly. However, the providers of this site will owe no liability for any error or omission that may have occurred by inadvertence.
All content on the Pediatric Oncall app and website including designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, applications, software, music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Site Content") are the sole proprietary property of Pediatric Oncall unless otherwise indicated. You do not have the right to modify, copy, perform, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, upload, download, scrape, display, post, transmit, or sell in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, that you legally post on the app or website, of any of the Site Content without Pediatric Oncall's prior written consent as they are protected under applicable copyright laws and treaty provisions (including but not limited to applicable intellectual property laws).
Trademarks
We also own the names we use for our products and services on Pediatric Oncall, and these names are protected by trademark laws in India. and internationally. Any use of our trademarks require our prior written approval.
Greeting Cards Policy
Pediatric Oncall.com also provides free greeting card facility for the user to send electronic mail via the World Wide Web and on Pediatriconcall's own system. When sending out greeting cards, we need information on about the sender and recipient. The former is needed so that the recipient knows who sent him/her the greeting and the latter is required in order for the greeting to reach the intended recipient. However if any user provides a false email address or attempts to pose as someone else when sending a Pediatric Oncall greeting card, the information about you - including your computer's IP address - may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions. We respect our user's greeting and treat each greeting card as personal correspondence between two individuals. Under normal circumstances, we will not monitor or edit the contents of the pediatriconcall greetings you send. On occasion however, pediatriconcall personnel may need to view your message in connection with the technical processing of your greeting or the maintenance of our network. Also, if you send a card or to verify that card was send, that representative will be able to access all information about the card including the recipient's email address and message. In the rare cases of a greeting card not reaching its intended recipient (s) at the intended time(s), pediatriconcall.com cannot be held responsible.
Under normal circumstances, we do not disclose the contents of the Pediatric Oncall greetings you sent unless we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to
Comply with the law or with legal process.
Protect and defend our rights and property.
Protect against misuse or unauthorized use of pediatriconcall.com
Protect the personal safety or property of the public or ourselves.
Pediatric Oncall has the right to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of Pediatric Oncall site or apps at any time.
User Profile and Privacy Policy
Our site's and apps' registration and query requires users to give us personal information such as their name, email and demographic information such as their address and telephone number. The user's personal information is used to contact the visitor as and when necessary. This personal information also allows us to inform you about updates to the service and further additions on Pediatric Oncall site and apps. We collect personal information from user when they register on Pediatric Oncall site or app or when they submit a query to us. We maintain this information as private to the best of our ability.
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use Pediatric Oncall, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational/promotional newsletters via email from Pediatric Oncall. These emails will not contain Personal Health Information. When you sign up for our email newsletters you will receive additional promotional emails from Pediatric Oncall or our Sponsors. In order to subscribe to Pediatric Oncall newsletters via email, we need your contact information, like name and email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletters by simply clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email newsletter. You may also unsubscribe or change any of your email preferences by clicking on the applicable links in your email newsletter or by changing your profile settings. If you experience difficulties with our automated unsubscribe service, please contact on info@pediatriconcall.com. Pediatric Oncall will manually unsubscribe you from that newsletter. In some cases, when you click on a link or an advertisement on our site or app, in an e-mail or newsletter, your browser may be momentarily directed to the website of a third party which, acting on behalf of Pediatric Oncall notes or "counts" your response to the e-mail or newsletter before re-directing your browser to your selected destination; this re-direction process may not be apparent to you.
Email a Friend
If you choose to use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about our site or app or newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address and your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site or app using your name and email address as the from email address. Pediatric Oncall does not use your name, your email address or your friend's email information and the information you provide using this service for any other purpose. We will only use the information you provide to send the email you request.
Website and Apps Registration and Interactive Tools on Pediatric Oncall
After you have registered as a member of Pediatric Oncall, you may choose to use certain Pediatric Oncall interactive content, tools and services that may ask you to voluntarily provide other types of information about yourself including Personal Health Information. Some of the tools (like certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain your Personal Health Information, while others (like Vaccine Reminder) store your Personal Health Information in accordance with the authorization you provide at the time you use the tool.
User conduct.
User shall use pediatriconcall.com for lawful purposes only. User shall not post or transmit through Pediatric Oncall site or apps, any material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity right, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable. User shall not use Pediatric Oncall site or apps to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation.
Pediatric Oncall is based in Mumbai, India. The providers make no claims that the content is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of India. Access to the content may not be downloaded outside of India. Access to the content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If the user accesses the site from outside India, the user may do so at their own risk & are responsible for compliance with the laws of their jurisdiction.
The user also understands that the provider cannot & does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the service will be free of infection or viruses, worms or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties.
You may not access the app or site for any benchmarking or competitive purposes such as monitoring its availability, performance or functionality. You may not resell, redistribute, or put to any commercial use, any content or information from this app or site.
User License: Provided that you are eligible for use of the app or website, Pediatric Oncall hereby grants you a limited license to access and use the app or website and the Site Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not republish Site Content on any internet, intranet or extranet site or incorporate the information in any other database or compilation, and any other use of the Site Content is strictly prohibited. Unauthorized use may violate applicable laws including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights. This license is revocable at any time without notice and with or without cause.
Linking to Us
Usually, we don't mind if you have a simple link from your Web Site to ours. However, you must first ask our permission if you intend to frame our site or incorporate pieces of it into a different site or product in a way that is not clear to our users. You aren't allowed to link to us if you engage in illegal, obscene, or offensive content, or if the link in any way has a negative impact on our reputation.
Passwords
Pediatric Oncall has several tools that allow you to record and store information. You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your Pediatric Oncall passwords or accounts. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your Pediatric Oncall account and password; (3) promptly inform Pediatric Oncall of any need to deactivate a password. You grant Pediatric Oncall and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Site the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Site. Pediatric Oncall cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, or your or third parties' use or misuse of information transmitted or received using Pediatric Oncall tools and services.
Pediatric Oncall Shopping Cart
CHARGES AND BILLING: You are responsible for providing a valid credit card number at the time you register for shopping on Pediatric Oncall. You represent and warrant that you are an authorized user of such credit card, and you agree to pay all charges resulting from your Shopping account at the prices then in effect, including any unauthorized charges incurred prior to your notifying Pediatric Oncall of such charges. You agree that Pediatric Oncall may pass your credit card information and related personally identifiable information to its designated service provider(s) for their use in charging you for appropriate services utilized through your Shopping Cart. All Shopping charges are exclusive of sales or other taxes and you are responsible for payment of any applicable state, local and city taxes. Pediatric Oncall reserves the right to modify or terminate membership plans, change prices, or institute new charges for any Shopping at any time with at least thirty (30) days' notice.
Advertisements and Sponsorship Policy
Pediatric Oncall may provide links to third-party web sites. The providers are in no way affiliated to any on the service providers displayed on the site or apps. Listed doctors or medical personnel's, or medical Institutions do not necessarily endorse any products or advertisements on display at this site or apps. Pediatric Oncall is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites; sites framed within the site or app, or third-party advertisements, & does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party web-sites is at your own risk & subject to the terms & conditions of use of such sites. The providers do not endorse any product advertised on the site or app. We also share aggregate information - not individual data - with our advertisers/business partners/third parties to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.
Polls and Quizzes
From time to time the Pediatric Oncall research department, or its operations contractors acting on its behalf, conducts online research surveys in order to gather feedback about our site, our sponsors and opinions on important healthcare issues, through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may ask you to submit Personally Identifiable Information. This Personally Identifiable Information is used for research purposes, and is not used for sales solicitations. When a survey is sponsored by a third party, Aggregate Information of the survey results is reported to the sponsor. Personally Identifiable Information collected through research will be used only by Pediatric Oncall and its service providers and contractors and will not be given or sold to a third party without your consent or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. In addition to collecting survey responses from our members, Cookies may be used to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey/quiz. If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some studies.
Pediatric Oncall Apps Eligibility
You are eligible to use the Pediatric Oncall apps (Pediatric Oncall App, Pediatric Oncall Journal, Medical Calculator, Drug Index) if you are a healthcare provider, scientist or researcher. Parenting, Vaccine Reminder App can be used by parents also. Pediatric Oncall reserves sole discretion to determine if an individual is eligible. You may not set up an account on behalf of another individual or entity unless you are authorized to do so. By using the app, you agree to and will abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Liability
The use of the Pediatric Oncall Site and Apps and the Content is at your own risk. The providers of this site and Apps disclaim any & all liabilities arising directly or indirectly to anybody as a result of use of this website or apps.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Pediatric Oncall, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
In no event shall Pediatric Oncall and its parent organizations, subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, consultants, contractors, partners, employees, suppliers and sponsors be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, punitive, special, incidental or exemplary damages of any type or kind, including loss of data, revenue, profits, or other economic advantage, arising out of or in any way connected with the site or apps, including for any content obtained through the service, any error, omission, interruption, deletion, inaccuracy, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, technical malfunction or other problems of any telephone network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure or email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or at the app or website or combination thereof, even if Pediatric Oncall has been previously advised of such damages or has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages. Under no circumstances will Pediatric Oncall be responsible for any loss or damage, including any loss or damage to any user content or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the app, website or any user content posted on or through the app or website or transmitted to users, or any interaction between users of the app or website, whether online or offline even if Pediatric Oncall has been previously advised of such damages or has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages.
Pediatric Oncall do not represent or warrants that software, content or materials on the app or website are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free or that the app, website or its servers, or any platform applications are free of viruses or other harmful components. The app, website and all content are provided to you strictly on an "as is" basis. Therefore, you should exercise caution in the use and downloading of any such software, content or materials and use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses. Without limiting the foregoing, you understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain content, material, data or software from or through the app or website at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for your use thereof and any injury or damage to your or to any person's computer, or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from using or downloading materials in connection with the app or website, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of the app or website, loss of data or other harm of any kind that may result. The app or website may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons.
Force Majeure
Pediatric Oncall shall not be liable for any failure or unavailability of the app or site as a result of the loss or destruction of data, the deletion or corruption of storage media, power failures, unavailability of suppliers or any other event beyond its control.
Invalidity
If any one or more of the provisions contained in the Agreement should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and be construed in accordance with the laws of the Mumbai, Maharashtra and applicable laws of India therein.
Last Updated: 30th March 2020
©2000-2020
Pediatric Oncall. All rights reserved.
See also Privacy statement
See also Our Sponsors
Ask a Doctor
Book Store
Dengue, Malaria, Leptospirosis & Typhoid
Order Now
Recommended for you
Wilson's Disease
Igg Subclass Deficiency
Brain Malformations
Calculators
Fractional Excretion of Sodium
WBC Count
Immunoglobulin Reference Values
FLACC Pain Scale
Dietary Reference Intakes
Spot Diagnosis
Four vessel umbilical cord
Skin lesions in an extremely low birth weight newborn with Staphylococcus aureus
Trauma to the Eye
View All
Pediatric Oncall Journal
ORIGINAL ARTICLE Neuromeningeal Cryptococcosis in children: Clinical and prognostic aspects in a Pediatric hospital in Yaoundé - Cameroon
CASE REPORTS
LETTER TO EDITOR (VIEWERS CHOICE)
Magnetic beads - Hazardous beauty
MCQ
MCQs in Neonatal Resuscitation
MCQs Set 3
MCQs on Inborn Errors of Metabolism
MCQs Set 2
MCQs on Respiratory System
Join Us
Pediatric Oncall
Medical Calculators
Drug Center
Pediatric Oncall Journal
Parenting
Vaccine Reminder
Home
About Us
Link To Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Online Ordering Policy
Sitemap
Feedback
Partner Sites
HIV in Childern
Medical ADRIS
Vaccine Reminder
Pediatric Oncall Journal
New Arrival
Infection in Children - Part 3
Other Pediatric Oncall Books
Pediatric Drug Index
Dengue, Malaria, Leptospirosis & Typhoid
Infection in Children - Part 2
Case Rounds In Pediatric Liver Disorders
Infection In Children
View More Books
Copyright © 2001 - 2020 Pediatric Oncall All Rights Reserved. All trademarks used are the properties of their respective owners.
Disclaimer: The information given by www.pediatriconcall.com is provided by medical and paramedical & Health providers voluntarily for display & is meant only for informational purpose. The site does not guarantee the accuracy or authenticity of the information. Use of any information is solely at the user's own risk. The appearance of advertisement or product information in the various section in the website does not constitute an endorsement or approval by Pediatric Oncall of the quality or value of the said product or of claims made by its manufacturer.
X
Sign In
Disease A-Z
Health Topics
Alternative MedicineDevelopmental PediatricsGeneral PediatricsGeneticsImmunodeficienciesInfectious DiseasesLaboratory MedicineNeonatologyNutritionPediatric Cardiology
View all topics
Featured Articles
Diabetic ketoacidosisAnal itchingSkin allergiesCircumcisionUrticaria (hives) and angioedemaHypospadias
Kids Corner
Drugs & Calculators
Medical Calculators
Drug CalculatorsGrowth CalculatorsRenal Calculators
View all Calculators
Drug Index
ACE inhibitorAlkylating agentsAllergies
View all Drugs
Poisoning Center
Aluminum phosphideAnti-histaminicsAntidepressants
View all Drugs
Medical Eqipments
MonitorsPumpsIncubators
View all Eqipments
Diagnostic Aid
Consult & Posts
Ask a Doctor
Diagnostic Dilemma
Question of the Week
Pediatric Blogs
Spot Diagnosis
Grand Rounds
Pedi Poll
Pediatric Oncall Journal
Current Issue
All Issues
Advance Access
About the Journal
Submit Article
Books & Apps
Book Store
Pediatric Oncall
Medical Calculators
Vaccine Reminder
Pediatric Oncall Journal
Drug Center
Parenting
CME & Videos
Upcoming Conferences
Conference Abstracts
MCQs
Videos
Vaccine Reminder
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0