http://www.slhduluth.com/privacy-policy/
Open Accessibility Menu
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Hide
CORONAVIRUS/COVID-19:
For more information, visitor policy and St. Luke's status update
CLICK HERE
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
St. Luke's and Lake View Privacy Policies describe how medical information
about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this
information.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully.
Our policies are in compliance with state and federal regulations. If you
have any questions, please call us at
218.249.5555 or 800.321.3790.
Effective Date: 9/23/2013
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND
DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN OBTAIN ACCESS TO YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION. PLEASE
REVIEW THIS INFORMATION CAREFULLY.
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact the Facility
Privacy Officer by dialing 218.249.5555 or 800.321.3790.
Each time you visit a hospital, physician, or other healthcare provider,
a record of your visit is made. Typically, this record contains your symptoms,
examination and test results, diagnoses, treatment, a plan for future
care or treatment, and billing-related information. This notice applies
to all of the records of your care generated by St. Luke's, whether made
by St. Luke's personnel, or agents of St. Luke's.
Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your health information
and provide you a description of our privacy practices. We will abide
by the terms of this notice and notify you if we cannot agree to a restriction
you request. We will accommodate reasonable requests you make to communicate
health information by alternative means or to alternative locations.
Uses and Disclosures
The following categories describe examples of the way we use and disclose
medical information:
For Treatment: We may use medical information about you to provide you treatment or services.
We may disclose medical information about you to doctors, nurses, technicians,
medical students, or other St. Luke's personnel who are involved in taking
care of you. For example: a doctor treating you for a broken leg may need
to know if you have diabetes because diabetes may slow the healing process.
Different services may share medical information about you in order to
coordinate the care you may need, such as prescriptions, lab work, meals,
and x-rays. We may also provide your physician or a subsequent healthcare
provider with copies of various reports that should assist him or her
when providing ongoing continuing care to you.
For Payment: We may use and disclose medical information about your treatment and
services to bill and collect payment from you, your insurance company
or a third party payer. For example, we may need to give your insurance
company information about your surgery so they will pay us or reimburse
you for the treatment. We may also tell your health plan about treatment
you are going to receive to determine whether your plan will cover it.
You have the right to request restrictions on information disclosures
to your health plan for services paid out-of-pocket in full and disclosure
is not otherwise required by law.
For Health Care Operations: St. Luke's staff and physicians may use information in your health record
to assess care and outcomes in your case and others like it. The results
will then be used to continually improve the quality of care for all patients
we serve. For example, we may combine medical information about many patients
to evaluate the need for new services or treatment. We may disclose information
to doctors, nurses and students for educational purposes.
We may also use and disclose medical information:
To business associates we have contracted with to perform the agreed upon
service and billing for the service;
To remind you that you have an appointment for medical care;
To assess your satisfaction with our services;
To tell you about possible treatment alternatives;
To tell you about health-related benefits or services;
For health department or regulatory agency activities relating to improving health;
For population based monitoring and review.
Business Associates: There are some services provided in our organization through contracts
with business associates. Examples include physician services in the Radiology
Department, certain laboratory tests, and a copy service we use when making
copies of your health record. When these services are contracted, we may
disclose your health information to our business associate so that they
can perform the job we've asked them to do. To protect your health information,
however, we require the business associate to appropriately safeguard
your information.
Directory: We may include certain limited information about you in the hospital
directory while you are a patient at the hospital. The information may
include your name, location in the hospital, your general condition (
e.g., good, fair, serious, critical) and your religious affiliation. This
information may be provided to members of the clergy, volunteers for the
delivery of cards or flowers and to other people who ask for you by name.
If you would like to opt out of being in the facility directory, please
request the Opt Out Form from the admission staff.
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care: In certain circumstances, we may have to release medical information
about you to a family member or friend who is involved in your medical
care or who helps pay for your care. In addition, if you are a victim
of a disaster, we may disclose medical information about you to an entity
assisting in a disaster relief effort so that your family can be notified
about your condition, status and location.
Research: We may disclose information to researchers when an institutional review
board has reviewed the research proposal, protocols and informed consent
forms to ensure patients' understanding of the research and privacy protections offered.
Future Communications: We may communicate to you via newsletters, mailings or other means regarding
treatment options, health related information, disease-management programs,
fundraising, wellness programs, or other community based initiatives or
activities our facility is participating in. You may contact St. Luke's
and ask not to be included in future mailings.
Organized Health Care Arrangement: St. Luke's and its medical staff members have organized and are presenting
you this document as a joint notice. Information will be shared as necessary
to carry out treatment, payment and health care operations. Physicians
and other care providers may have access to your past health information
to plan current and ongoing treatment.
As required by law, we may also use and disclose health information for the following types
of entities, including but not limited to:
Food and Drug Administration
Public Health or Legal Authorities charged with preventing or controlling
disease, injury or disability
Correctional Institutions
Workers Compensation Agents
Organ and Tissue Donation Organizations
Health Oversight Agencies, such as Medicare or Medicaid
Medical Examiners and Funeral Directors
National Security and Intelligence Agencies
Protective Services for the President and Others
Law Enforcement/Legal Proceedings: We may disclose health information for law enforcement purposes as required
by law or in response to a court order or search warrant.
Your Health Information Rights:
Although your health record is the physical property of the healthcare
practitioner or facility that compiled it, you have the
Right to:
Inspect and Copy: You have the right to inspect and copy medical information that may be
used to make decisions about your care. We may deny your request to inspect
and copy in certain limited circumstances. If you are denied access to
medical information, you may request that the denial be reviewed. Another
licensed health care professional chosen by St. Luke's will review your
request and the denial. The person conducting the review will not be the
person who denied your request. We will comply with the outcome of the review.
Amend: If you feel that medical information we have about you is incorrect or
incomplete, you may ask us to amend the information. You have the right
to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept by or for
St. Luke's. We may deny your request for an amendment and if this occurs,
you will be notified of the reason for the denial.
An Accounting of Disclosures: You have the right to request an accounting of disclosures that occurred
in the six years prior to the date on which the accounting is requested.
This is a list of the disclosures we make of medical information about
you. The list will not include disclosures made for treatment, payment
or healthcare operations.
Request Restrictions: You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the medical
information we use or disclose about you for treatment, payment or health
care operations. You also have the right to request a limit on the medical
information we disclose about you to someone who is involved in your care
or the payment for your care, such as a family member or friend. All such
requests must be in writing. We are not required to agree to your request.
If we do agree, we will comply with your request unless the information
is needed to provide you emergency treatment. In addition, you have the
right to request a restriction on disclosure of your information to your
health plan if your have paid for the service in full and disclosure is
not otherwise required by law.
Request Confidential Communications: You have the right to request that we communicate with you about medical
matters in a certain way or at a certain location. We will agree to the
request to the extent that it is reasonable for us to do so. For example,
you can ask that we use an alternative address for billing purposes.
Privacy Breach Notification: You have the right to notification of a breach of unsecured protected health
information.
To exercise any of your rights, please obtain the required forms from the
Privacy Officer or from your physician or his/her office staff and submit
your request in writing.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this notice. The revised or changed notice
will be effective for information we already have about you as well as
any information we receive in the future. Copies of the current notice
will be available for pick up, and will be posted at all registration
sites. In addition, each time you register at a St. Luke's facility for
treatment or health care services, a copy of the current notice in effect
will be made available to you.
COMPLAINTS
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint
with the hospital by contacting the Facility Privacy Officer at the telephone
number or address provided below or with the Secretary of the Department
of Health and Human Services. All complaints must be submitted in writing.
You will not be penalized for filing a complaint.
OTHER USES OF MEDICAL INFORMATION
Other uses and disclosures of medical information not covered by this notice
or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written permission.
If you provide us permission to use or disclose medical information about
you, you may revoke that permission, in writing, at any time. If you revoke
your permission, we will no longer use or disclose medical information
about you for the reasons covered by your written authorization. We are
unable to take back any disclosures we have already made with your permission.
THE ST. LUKE'S PRIVACY OFFICER MAY BE REACHED AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS
OR TELEPHONE NUMBER:
St. Luke's Privacy Officer
915 East First Street
Duluth, MN 55805
Phone:
218.249.5555 or
800.321.3790