http://www.healthpromoting.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the TrueNorth Health Center website. This privacy policy tells you how we use the personal information collected from our website. Please read this privacy policy before submitting any personal information.
By using our site, you are accepting the practices described in this provide policy. These practices may be changed. You are encouraged to review our privacy policy whenever you visit the website to make sure you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Collection of information
TrueNorth Health collects information when voluntarily submitted by our visitors through online forms, emails, and customer communication. The data may include personally identifiable information (such as name, address, phone number, email address), financial information (such as credit card or payment information), and user preferences (such as newsletters or personal choices). The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner. TrueNorth Health does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Cookies / Tracking Technology
Our website may use cookies and electronic communication protocols between your computer and our server. This information often includes network routing (where you came from), equipment information (browser type), date and time. Cookies can help us customize the website for visitors. TrueNorth Health may use cookie and tracking technology to gather information about web browsers, tracking the number of visitors to our website, and understanding how visitors use our website. Personal information is not collected via cookies and other tracking technologies. However, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Third-Party Websites
The TrueNorth Health website provides links to non-TrueNorth Health websites that we believe may be of interest to you. These websites are provided as a convenience and are beyond our control. We advise you to check the privacy policies and terms of use of those sites before providing your personal information.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is NOT provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
TrueNorth Health Center
1551 Pacific Ave.
Santa Rosa, CA 95404
Phone: 707-586-5555
Email: info@truenorthhealth.com
Register to Stay at TrueNorth
Daily Schedule
Doctor Profile
Faye Alexandrakis, D.C.
Dr. Faye Alexandrakis has always been fascinated and inspired by the complexity of the human body; her keen interest in movement and… read more
view all doctors