http://www.qld.gov.au/legal/privacy/
Skip links and keyboard navigation
Skip to content
Use tab and cursor keys to move around the page (more information)
Unite against COVID-19. Learn more.
HomeLegal statementsPrivacy
Print
Privacy
The Queensland Government manages personal information in line with the Information Privacy Act 2009.We collect and manage your personal information as described on this page, unless stated otherwise. 'Personal information' may include your name, address, phone number, email address, age, gender, your employer, and your position title.Information we may requestWe may ask you to provide personal information through this site. We will only do this:to meet your needs (e.g. answer a question, provide a service)to meet our needs (e.g. demographic analysis)if required by law.Use and disclosure of personal informationWe will not add you to a mailing list, or give your personal information to third parties without your consent, unless required by law.EmailsOur privacy principles apply to emails as well.Our internet service provider or information technology staff may monitor email traffic for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes onlyCookiesWe use cookies to collect anonymous statistical information, including:your browser, computer platform and screen resolutionyour traffic patterns through our site, such as:the date and time of your visitthe pages and documents accessedthe website you visited before oursyour server address.We do not identify users or any browser activity outside this website, except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may have a warrant to inspect activity logs.Transactional services available from this site may use cookies to track business processes. Please read the particular service's privacy and security statement before beginning a transaction.Website analyticsWe use Google Analytics (including display advertising features) on our website to gather anonymous information about visitors to our website. When you visit our web pages, your browser automatically sends anonymous information to Google. Examples of the information include the web address of the page that you're visiting, your IP address and demographic information. Google may also use cookies.We use this data to analyse the pages that are visited, to improve your experience and make sure our website is useful.You can read more about how Google uses data. You can choose not to allow Google to collect your information by opting out of Google Analytics or specifically opt out of Google Analytics display advertiser features.SecurityParts of this site transmit information securely across the internet. However this is not always feasible. We recognise that there may be risks transmitting information across the internet. We will notify you where personal information is not transmitted securely.Where this site contains links to other Queensland Government agencies’ websites, the privacy or security terms set out there will apply to the material on the websites.Where this site contains links to non-Queensland Government websites, the Queensland Government is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of any such websites.More informationContact us if you would like to know more about information privacy.
Last updated:
27 September 2016
Share this page:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Legal statements
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Acceptable use policy
Right to information