http://www.internationalbrain.org/privacy
Privacy
International Brain Injury Association is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web sites.
This policy may change without prior notice.
Some web pages created by International Brain Injury Association use 'cookies', which are small text files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. A cookie's purpose is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Furthermore, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer. The use of cookies is an industry standard.
Many major websites use cookies to provide useful features for their customers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you will not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.
International Brain Injury Association will not send you any unsolicited information, including email regarding any commercial offers or advertisements at any time. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers, so we respect these concerns.
Linked sites are not under the control of International Brain Injury Association. Therefore, International Brain Injury Association is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by International Brain Injury Association.
The content of this site may not be downloaded, copied or otherwise shared in any format without the express written consent of the International Brain Injury Association.
© 2020. All rights reserved.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us or e-mail us at mbell@internationalbrain.org.