http://www.amsa.gov.au/about/who-we-are/privacy
Skip to main content
Find a service
Find a form
Careers with us
Contact us
Home
Qualifications & training
Domestic qualifications
International qualifications
Equivalent qualifications and skill recognition
National Plan training
Online learning
Safety and navigation training
Sea service and task books
Training organisations
Vessels & operators
Incident reporting
Seafarer safety
Domestic commercial vessels
Ship registration
Cargoes and dangerous goods
Flag State administration
Port State control
Safety & navigation
Distress beacons
Search and rescue
Navigation systems
Navigating coastal waters
Spatial data
Marine environment
National Plan for Maritime Environmental Emergencies
Maritime casualty response
Incidents and exercises
Pollution response
Air pollution
Marine pollution
News & community
News and media releases
Newsletters
Consultations
Social media
Events
Campaigns
Media library
About
Who we are
Who we work with
Careers with us
Corporate publications
Fees, levies, and payments
Regulations and standards
Reporting and accountability
Contact us
I am a...
Surveyor of domestic vesselsVessel owner and operatorCommercial fisherDomestic seafarer or crewInternational crewCoastal pilotNot you? See more...
Find a service
Find a form
Careers with us
Contact us
Home
Qualifications & trainingDomestic qualificationsDeck
Engineer
Dual
Training organisations for domestic qualifications
Completing your domestic application
Manage your domestic certificate
International qualificationsBasic safety training
Ratings
Engineer
Deck
Master
Cook
Training organisations for international qualifications
Courses for international qualifications
Managing international certificates
Fishing and sailing vessels
Global maritime distress and safety systems
Yachting qualifications
Career pathways
Exemptions
Equivalent qualifications and skill recognitionEquivalent qualifications for domestic certificates
New Zealand domestic equivalence
Certificates of recognition and equivalence for international certificates
New Zealand international equivalence
Royal Australian Navy international equivalence
National Plan trainingTraining for responders
AMSA as a registered training organisation
Online learningOnline learning centre
Our courses
Safety and navigation trainingCargoes and dangerous goods training
Coastal pilotage training
Sea service and task booksProof of identity
Task books for domestic qualifications
Sea service for domestic qualifications
Sea service for international qualifications
Sea service books for international qualifications
Training organisationsDomestic certification training
International certification training
Vessels & operatorsIncident reportingMake a report
Monthly and annual incident reports
About marine incident reporting
Seafarer safetySeafarers' welfare
Maritime Labour Convention guidance
Safety publications and guidance
Research reports
Domestic commercial vesselsWhat is a domestic commercial vessel?
Operations
Operational safety
Surveys
Inspections
Compliance
Marine surveyors manual
National system state transitions
Ship registrationRegister, transfer, update or close a registration
Submit a notice of intention to register a vessel
Information about vessel registrations
Find out about a vessel
Pleasure craft and fishing boats
Brokers and agents
Cargoes and dangerous goodsRegulations and standards for cargoes and dangerous goods
Transporting livestock
Container and cargo safety
Flag State administrationFlag state administration in Australia
Regulated Australian vessels
Port State controlAbout Port State control in Australia
Port State control inspections
Common port State control deficiencies
Port State control annual reports
Ship detention lists 2020
Ship detention lists 2019
Ship detention lists 2018
Ship detention lists 2017
Ship detention lists 2016
Ship detention lists 2015
Ship detention lists 2014
Port State control
Safety & navigationDistress beaconsChanges to EPIRB laws for domestic commercial vessels
Register your beacon and find out more
Maritime mobile service identity information
Search and rescuePreparing for a trip
Search and rescue in Australia
Our search and rescue equipment
International and regional search and rescue
Past search and rescue incidents
Navigation systemsAids to navigation
Lighthouses
Systems for maritime safety and distress
Electronic chart display and information system
Ship tracking and reporting systems
Automatic identification system
Navigating coastal watersCoastal pilots
Pilot advisory notes
Vessel traffic services
Particularly sensitive sea areas
Commercial fishing
Offshore activities
Spatial dataMaps and geographic data
Marine environmentNational Plan for Maritime Environmental EmergenciesAbout the National Plan
National Plan supporting documents
National Plan annual reports
Maritime casualty responseMaritime casualty management
Complex maritime emergencies
Incidents and exercisesIncidents
Exercises
Historical pollution and casualty incidents
Pollution responseResponse resources
Response tools and capabilities
Pollution science technical references
Pollution prosecutions
Air pollutionSydney Harbour cruise ship emissions
Low sulphur fuel regulations
Fuel oil suppliers
Marine pollutionPollution reporting
MARPOL discharges
MARPOL Convention
Vessel waste management
Regulations and standards
News & communityNews and media releases
NewslettersAMSA update
Maritime Safety Awareness Bulletins
Working Boats magazine
National Plan—On Scene newsletters
Survey Matters
Vessel traffic services newsletters
People in maritime
AMSA Aboard
Subscribe
ConsultationsOpen consultations
Past consultations
Social mediaAMSA on social media
EventsCurrent and upcoming events
Past events
CampaignsSeafarer wellbeing
APL England incident
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Operation Recovery—YM Efficiency
Dory and tender safety campaign
Media library
AboutWho we areOur priorities
Organisation structure
Our Board
Legislation
Office locations
Who we work withCommittees and groups
International engagement
Building capacity in the maritime industry
Memoranda of understanding
Interagency agreements
Intergovernmental agreements
Careers with usMeet our team
How to join our team
Corporate publicationsAnnual reports
Annual regulatory plans
Corporate plans
Strategic documents
Superseded compliance documents
National system transition campaign resources
Regulator performance framework reports
Workforce publications
Publication order forms
Fees, levies, and paymentsOverview
Domestic commercial vessel safety fees
Marine levies
Regulations and standardsThe national law and regulations
Marine orders
National law exemptions
Standards and generic equivalent solutions
Marine notices
What are marine orders
Reporting and accountabilityRequesting information from us
File lists and mandatory reporting
Public interest disclosure
Procurement
Contact us
Keyword search
Apply
Home
Qualifications & training
Domestic qualifications
International qualifications
Equivalent qualifications and skill recognition
National Plan training
Online learning
Safety and navigation training
Sea service and task books
Training organisations
Vessels & operators
Incident reporting
Seafarer safety
Domestic commercial vessels
Ship registration
Cargoes and dangerous goods
Flag State administration
Port State control
Safety & navigation
Distress beacons
Search and rescue
Navigation systems
Navigating coastal waters
Spatial data
Marine environment
National Plan for Maritime Environmental Emergencies
Maritime casualty response
Incidents and exercises
Pollution response
Air pollution
Marine pollution
News & community
News and media releases
Newsletters
Consultations
Social media
Events
Campaigns
Media library
About
Who we are
Who we work with
Careers with us
Corporate publications
Fees, levies, and payments
Regulations and standards
Reporting and accountability
Contact us
I am a...
Surveyor of domestic vesselsVessel owner and operatorCommercial fisherDomestic seafarer or crewInternational crewCoastal pilotNot you? See more...
Print Home
About
Who we are
Legislation
Privacy
Privacy
Our privacy policy tells you how we protect and handle your personal information.
This is a summarised version of our privacy policy which tells you how we collect and use information. You can read the complete privacy policy here.
Scope
The condensed privacy policy applies to personal information we collect from you, our clients.
We have adopted the layered privacy policy format. This document provides you with an overview of how we handle your personal information.
Personal information handling practices
Collection
We usually collect personal information about individuals directly from those individuals or their authorised representatives.
We sometimes collect personal information from a third party or from a publicly available source, but only if:
the individual has consented to such collection
we are required or authorised by law to collect information from someone other than the individual, or
it is unreasonable or impracticable to collect the information from the individual.
We only collect personal information for purposes which are related to our functions or activities under legislation related to and enabling AMSA's operations, and only when it is necessary for or directly related to such purposes. We only collect information by lawful and fair means.
Use of personal information collected
Any personal information you choose to provide will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided and will not be disclosed to other persons or organisations without your prior consent unless required by law.
The internet is an insecure medium and users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet.
Information submitted unencrypted via electronic mail or web forms may be at risk of being intercepted, read or modified. If you do not wish to email or send an online form to us, you can send by post.
Use and disclosure
Subject to the following paragraph, we only use and disclose personal information for the purposes for which we collected it—purposes which are directly related to one of our functions or activities.
Beyond this, we do not use personal information, or give personal information about an individual to other Government agencies, private sector organisations or anyone else, unless one of the following applies:
the individual has consented
the individual would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for the secondary purpose and the purpose is related (or directly related in the case of sensitive information) to the purpose for which it was collected
we are required or authorised by law or by an order of a court/tribunal
we believe that the use or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary for one or more enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body
it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody's life or health, or where it is necessary to assist with the location of a person who has been reported missing
it is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of a legal or equitable claim or in relation to an alternative dispute resolution process.
Data security
We take steps and use up-to-date techniques and processes which meet current government requirements to protect the personal information we hold against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure, and against other misuse. These steps include maintaining up-to-date computer and network security systems with appropriate firewalls, access controls and passwords to protect electronic copies of personal information, and securing paper files and physical access restrictions.
When the personal information that we collect is no longer required, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner, in accordance with our Records Disposal Authority.
Website privacy policy
Information collected
When you browse this website, our system may automatically make a record of your visit and log the following information for analytical purposes:
your server address
top level domain name (for example .com, .net, .gov, .au, etc)
the type of browser and operating system you used
date and time of your visit
the previous site visited
which pages are accessed
the time spent on individual pages and the site overall
mouse actions (such as clicks, movement and scrolling)
type of device used
which files were downloaded.
This information is analysed to determine this website's usage statistics and opportunities for improving the way we deliver information.
However, no attempt will be made to identify individual users except where a law enforcement agency (eg the Australian Federal Police) exercises a warrant to inspect our service provider's log files.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily choose to participate in an activity through this website that involves the provision of personal information, such as:
sending electronic mail to this website
participating in a survey or providing feedback on this website
suggesting a link from this website to an external website.
If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to use this website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file sent by our web server to your web browser software when you access this website.
Some parts of this website may use a cookie to maintain contact through a session. The cookie allows us to recognise you as an individual as you move from one page of this website to another. This cookie will expire on the close of your browser session or on the closing down of your computer.
Most Internet browsers are pre-set to accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used.
Other sites
This site contains links to external websites and this privacy statement does not extend to those external websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. For more information, refer to our disclaimer statement.
Your choices
You can access the personal information that we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct the personal information we hold about you. For more information, see our complete privacy policy – ‘access and correction’.
If you are listed on one or more of our stakeholder email lists you can opt out at any time. You can unsubscribe by using the ‘unsubscribe’ options noted in our emails.
You may interact with us anonymously or by using a pseudonym, unless we are required or authorised by law to deal with you as an identified individual or it is impracticable for us to deal with you in an unidentified manner.
Our obligations
We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act.
Our information management tool for general stakeholders is called the AMSA Community Directory. Please read the AMSA community directory policy.
How to contact us or the Privacy Commissioner
For further information you can write to us at:
Privacy Officer
Australian Maritime Safety Authority
GPO Box 2181
Canberra City ACT 2601
FreedomOfInformation@amsa.gov.au
Note that some of these words, including 'sensitive information' and 'enforcement body' have defined meanings under the Privacy Act 1988.
Contacting the Privacy Commissioner
Advice about the Internet and personal information can be found on the Privacy Commissioner's website.
Last updated: Thursday 3 September 2020
Was this page helpful? *
Yes
No
Our privacy policy tells you how we protect and handle your personal information.
We use this information to improve our website, and it is not intended as a customer service channel. If you require assistance with AMSA services, please contact AMSA Connect.
Your feedback
If further information about your feedback is required, may we contact you? *
Yes
No (send us anonymous feedback)
Contact details
Name *
Best contact method *
Phone
Email
Phone *
Email *
Leave this field blank
Submit
Close popup