https://www.hki.org/data-privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Help fight hunger
2x MATCH = twice the support for families in urgent need.
Give Now
Helen Keller International
Open menu
Donate
Open search form
Search for:
Close search form
Helen Keller International’s database vendor Blackbaud was victim to a cyberattack, jeopardizing donor data. Here’s what Helen Keller is doing about it.
The following Privacy & Accessibility Statement governs all pages hosted at www.hki.org.
We greatly appreciate the support of our donors and friends. It is of the utmost importance to Helen Keller International (“HKI”) to protect the privacy rights of all visitors to our website and donors to our organization. Our policies regarding tracking, donation processing and use of data are provided below. The following describes the approach by HKI to privacy and how personal information about our visitors/donors is collected and used.
This privacy policy applies to personal data you provide to HKI on this website (www.hki.org) (the “Personal Information”).
According to EU Regulation n° 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR”), “‘personal data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.” Please note that HKI does not collect data that is considered to be sensitive pursuant to said regulation.
Collection and Purposes of Processing of Personal Information
Our goal is to provide our website visitors with information about our organization in a straightforward manner.
Visitors are not required to register to access our site; however, we collect our visitors’ and donors’ Personal Information to facilitate marketing, online donations, and the subsequent acknowledgement process.
A donor is required to provide certain information, such as name, mailing address and email address. We collect and store Personal Information you enter on our website or donation forms or give us in any other way. The provision of any information by you is voluntary except where otherwise stated.
We value your online donations and are committed to ensuring the safety and security of your transactions. HKI is in accordance with applicable laws and standard practices and uses industry standard protocols, which makes it difficult for anyone to intercept your information. When making an online contribution we ask for your name, mailing address, e-mail and credit card information. All information is encrypted with SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology and transmitted to us in a secure way.
We ask for personally identifiable details to process and acknowledge your gift, for marketing purposes and as a means of contacting you if there are any problems.
If you would prefer to donate to HKI by mail, please send your check to Helen Keller International, One Dag Hammarskjold Plaza, Floor 2, New York, NY 10017. If you would like to make a credit card donation by phone, please contact us at 1-877-KELLER4.
Cookies
We collect Personal Information through cookies. Cookies are information files of letters and numbers stored on the browser or hard-drive of your computer, tablet or smartphone that help websites remember who you are and information about your visit. Cookies can help to display the information on a website in a way that matches your interests. This website (http://www.hki.org) uses the following types of cookies:
Necessary (used to check if cookie storage is present and JavaScript is enabled)Preferences (used to set user preferences, such as preferred language (e.g. Twitter))Statistics (used to record analytical data, such as pages visited, and to allow visitors to use their social network logins to share content from our website)Marketing (used to track visitors across different websites to deliver relevant, targeted advertisements)
Some of the cookies are stored on your computer by third parties (like social media) when you use our website. We have no control over these cookies or how the third parties use them.
When you first visited our website you will have been shown a notice banner drawing your attention to the fact that we use cookies and why and inviting you to manage your cookie preferences.
You are free to accept or reject these cookies. If you accept the use of cookies, your consent will be recorded for 12 months. However, you can change this decision at any time by changing your browser settings. In order to manage your cookies preferences, you need to check the “Help” of your browser, as each browser has its own setup. Most browsers allow you to delete cookies from any or a given source but also to prevent all or some cookies being stored on your computer in the future or to program a message each time a cookie is placed on your computer. Please view our full cookie declaration for additional information.
Recipients of Personal Information
According to Article 4 of EU Regulation n° 2016/679, the recipient of the Personal Information is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the Personal Information are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
HKI will be the recipient and processor of the Personal Information you provide to us through our website. Please note that:
We do not sell your personal information to anyone;Unless you state in writing your preference otherwise, you are automatically treated as having opted out from the sharing of your personal information with third parties.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, processing the donation) are granted access to this information. The computers/servers in which we store Personal Information are kept in a secure environment and are limited to use by the person performing those specific jobs.
HKI also uses the services of outside vendors who process credit card donations online. All of our vendors are obligated to adhere to our strict standards of privacy, including the standards provided by the GDPR.
Occasionally, HKI will exchange names with similar non-profit organizations. All donors have the option to request that their names not be shared with third party organizations. In the case of memorial or in-honor contributions, we will send a letter to the designated recipient informing them of the gift.
E-mail Communications
HKI will send occasional updates and appeals to the e-mail address provided for donation processing. You may unsubscribe from receiving e-mails from HKI at any time. Unsubscribe information is also provided in each e-communication. You can also manage your e-mail preferences at any time by contacting us at the means provided below and indicating that you do not wish to receive any future e-mail communications from HKI.
Storage of the Data
The data the visitors/donors provide is stored in the following country: United States . If HKI modifies the storage country, it shall notify the visitors/donors in advance without any delay. HKI shall give to the visitors/donors an updated list of the storage countries.
Visitors and Donors Rights
We want to draw your attention on the rights you keep regarding the Personal Information you provided us with:
You can request HKI to access to and rectify or erase your Personal Information, or to restrict or object to their processing;You can request HKI to exercise your right to data portability;You can withdraw at any time your consent to the processing of your Personal Information for other purposes than (i) the execution of an agreement between yourself and HKI or (ii) the compliance of HKI with legal obligation to which it is subject, it being specified that such withdrawal shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before such withdrawal;You can lodge a complaint with the relevant European Union or local Member State authorities;
Breaches
The accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data maintained by HKI is a personal data breach. Any such instance must be communicated immediately to the relevant contact for investigation and correction, if necessary. Furthermore, HKI has implemented a procedure specifically designed to manage security breaches which allow it to intercept any data breaches, notify the relevant authorities and alert clients, affiliates or prospect for either that personal data may have been affected.
Links to Other Sites
HKI provides links to other organizations as an educational tool for those interested in blindness and health and nutrition issues. These websites are not under our control nor are we responsible for any content on these sites. The inclusion of a link does not indicate endorsement from HKI.
Contact Helen Keller International
The controller of Personal Information you provide to us is HKI. At any time, you can remove your name from our mailing list, limit the number of mailings you receive, or update your information. If you have any other questions or concerns, you may contact us by the following means:
By e-mail: giving@hki.org;By phone: 1-877-KELLER4;By mail: One Dag Hammarskjold Plaza, Floor 2, New York, NY 10017.
Thank you for your interest in Helen Keller International.
Share:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Donate
Get updates & stay connected
First Name
Last Name
Your Email Address
Subscribe
By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.