http://www.pituitary.org.uk/about-us/complaints-policy/
Will you donate £2 now to help fund our publications?
Information is vital for pituitary patients and we can't do this without you.
Donate now on our JustGiving page
Or
Text: PITF17 £2 to 70070 (UK only)
Thank you!
Your download is complete.
Support
Helplines
Local Support Groups
Get peer support
Online forum
Young People
Carers and parents
Expert Q&As
Useful Blogs
Frequently asked questions
Give your feedback
Twitter Takeovers
Information
What is the pituitary gland?
Pituitary conditions
Symptoms, diagnosis and tests
Treatments for pituitary conditions
Living with a pituitary condition
Adrenal insufficiency and adrenal crisis
Publications
Related links
Research
Endocrine glands
Hormones
Webinars
Membership
Medics
Accident and emergency
Ambulance personnel
Endocrine professionals
General medical or ward staff
GPs and practice nurses
Pharmacists
Patient research
Resources
About us
Who we are
Charity information
Financial Impact of COVID-19
World Alliance of Pituitary Organisations
Vacancies
Privacy notice
Safeguarding
Complaints Policy
Code of Conduct & EDI Policy
Contact us
Get Involved
Fundraise
Awareness and Campaigns
Membership
Volunteer with us
News
Shop
DONATE
You are here:
Home
About us
Complaints Policy
Complaints Policy
The Pituitary Foundation provides comprehensive services to support pituitary patients and their family members. It is considered crucial that these services are of a high standard and are sensitive to individual needs.
If you feel we have not reached the standards you expect, we want you to know what you can do and what will happen in such a case.  We’re always looking to improve, so it’s really useful to hear if we occasionally get things wrong so we can put them right.
The Pituitary Foundation endeavours to treat all people who offer their complaints or feedback courteously and consider their input sensitively.
How do I complain?
Step 1
In the first instance, we ask the complainant to communicate, preferably in writing, their issue to the appropriate service manager. The service manager may be the Head of Patient & Family Services for Helpline or general patient and family services, the Office & Finance Manager for financial or resources issues, the Senior Fundraising Manager for fundraising, operational and management concerns, the Events & Volunteers Manager for volunteering or policy related work, or the Area Co-ordinator for their Local Support Group. We ask that the complainant do this within one month of the situation occurring.
The appropriate service manager will attempt to come to a fair resolution with the complainant.
Step 2If a resolution was not achieved in Step 1, the complainant can write to the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer will acknowledge the complaint within ten working days where possible and will investigate.   If the complexity of the case means that we expect it to take longer than 10 days we will let you know as soon as we can.  A written report will be compiled within one month and the complainant will be given the opportunity to explain the circumstances of the complaint. The Chief Executive Officer will consider the report and write to the complainant with his/her conclusions and any proposed course of action.
Step 3If the complainant does not wish to write to the Chief Executive Officer, and/or if the matter cannot be resolved by the Chief Executive Officer, then the complainant will be asked to put their complaint in writing and to address it to the Chairman. The Chairman will acknowledge the complaint within ten working days where possible. If the Chairman is not available, the Honorary Secretary will acknowledge the complaint.
The Chairman will consider the complaint, reports and documentation and refer them, if necessary, to the Board of Trustees. Within one month, the Chairman will write to the complainant regarding his/her (and the Board of Trustees, where necessary) conclusions and any proposed course of action.
RecordsA record of all complaints (verbal and written), reports and outcomes will be kept by the Chief Executive Officer.
Abusive, Harassing or Intimidating Behaviour
The service managers, Chief Executive Officer and Board of Trustees will do all in their power to protect staff and volunteers from abusive, harassing, threatening and intimidating behaviour. In the case of such abuse being experienced during the reporting of a complaint, whether verbally or in writing, The Pituitary Foundation will operate a Zero Tolerance Policy. The Foundation will endeavour to handle emotionally charged situations as sensitively as possible.
Also in this section
Who we are
Charity information
Financial Impact of COVID-19
World Alliance of Pituitary Organisations
Vacancies
Privacy notice
Safeguarding
Complaints Policy
Code of Conduct & EDI Policy
Contact us
How can The Foundation help me?
Information for Patients
Email helpline
Endocrine Nurse Helpline