http://www.childrens.com/footer/policies-procedures/terms-of-use
{}
Web Content Viewer
Terms of Use
This website (“Site”) is solely owned by Children’s Health. By accessing and using this Site, you agree to the following "Terms of Use" and all applicable laws. If you do not agree to these terms, you are not permitted to access the Site or the materials within this Site. Children’s Health reserves the right to update or change the terms of use or the Site at any time without notice to you. The most current version of the terms of use can be reviewed by revisiting this page.
Site Content
Through this Site, Children’s Health provides you with access to a variety of health information and resources, including clinical health care information, health and wellness content, news, contact information and other general information (together "Services"). This Site and the Services, including any updates, enhancements, and new features are subject to these Terms of Use.
Personal and Non-Commercial Use of Limitation
You may view and download material on the Site solely for your own personal and non-commercial use. You must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices on any copies of the material you use from this Site. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or services obtained from the Services.
Prohibited Activities
Certain activities are prohibited on this Site, with the Services, and on the network and servers supporting this Site (the "Network"). Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to, using the Services, Network, or Site in such a manner as to damage, destruct, impair in any way, disable, overburden, or introduce computer viruses to the Site, attempting to access restricted areas of the Site through any means, using slanderous or profane language in any areas involving communications of the Site, or interfering with the use of this Site by another party. Children’s Health will have no responsibility or liability arising from any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information on the Site. Children’s Health will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Children’s Health to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or activities.
We reserve the right to terminate or deny access to you if you engage in any prohibited activity.
No Practice of Medicine
This Site is not engaged in the practice of medicine. Any information and advice on the Site is given on a generalized, generic basis, and is not specific to any individual patient's condition. Use of this Site is helpful in making you informed about healthcare issues, and use of this Site does not create a care provider-patient relationship. On-line health services and health information cannot replace a health professional-patient relationship, and you should always consult with a professional for diagnosis and treatment of any specific health problems. You should not disregard any advice or treatment from your health professional based on your interpretation of what you may read on this Site.
Link to Third Party Sites
Children’s Health websites may provide links to official federal, state or local government websites, quasi-government agency and government sponsored websites and websites created by public sector/private sector partnerships when those sites contain information helpful to our users. No links to other websites or references to third parties are intended to be endorsements of a third party's products or services.
Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
Children’s Health is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its patients. The Site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals, except when it is knowingly provided by such individuals.
All user information entered online through forms (for example appointment requests or suggestions for the Site) will only be used for internal purposes and will not be released to external entities or corporations. The Site Administrator will store volunteered information on servers protected by Children’s Health.
Children’s Health’s server collects information automatically. All user information collected automatically will only be used for internal purposes and will not be released to external entities or corporations. We view the information collectively to evaluate trends. Information collected includes the browser and version you access the internet through (for example Internet Explorer or Google Chrome), the day and time you access the Site, if you are a repeat visitor of the Site or a new visitor, and the pages you visit.
How we collect information
This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Site analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for website operators and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required by law, or when such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Site. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of non-identifiable data about you by Google. This Site uses Google AdWords features including remarketing, interest categories, similar audiences, other types of internet-based advertising and demographic and location targeting.
This Site uses web beacons, which are pieces of code embed in the website to monitor your activity on the Site, and which can pass along information such as the IP address of the computer or device you use to view the Site. The Site sometimes uses web beacons to collect advertising data, such as page views, clicks or other actions. Disabling your computer’s, device’s or browser’s cookies or other tracking technology features may prevent some web beacons from tracking certain information about your activities.
This Site uses analytics tools and services, which are sometimes offered by third-parties such as advertising platforms, and which track, measure and/or generate information about the Site which may be used for various reasons such as site optimization and conversion tracking.
The
Notice of Privacy Practice, found here, is in compliance with HIPAA and all other relevant federal and state statutes.
Liability
Children’s Health and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the information and related graphics published as part of the Services for any purpose. All Such information and related graphics are provided "As Is" without warranty of any kind. Children’s Health and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all warranties and conditions of merchantability, whether express, implied or statutory, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Children’s Health and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from the Services. Children’s Health assumes no responsibility and will have no liability for any circumstances arising out of the use, misuse, interpretation or application of any information supplied on this Site. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Children’s Health also assumes no responsibility, and cannot be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively, "Trademarks") displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Children’s Health and other third party content providers in the U.S. and/or other countries. No Trademark displayed on this Site may be used without written permission of the owner of such Trademarks. Misuse of these Trademarks, or any other content on this Site, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Children’s Health will enforce its intellectual property rights. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Property Rights
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of Children’s Health or third parties. The use of these images by you, or anyone authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Use or specific permission is provided by Children’s Health. Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Children’s Health and others. No Trademark displayed on the Site may be used without the written permission of the party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Children’s Health will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Copyright Notice
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, post, retransmit, or distribute in any way any of the information contained in this Site without prior written consent of Children’s Health. Unless otherwise noted, everything that you see or read on this Site is copyrighted.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials appearing on this Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked.
Availability of Product
Since the Site may be accessed from sources internationally where Children’s Health does not do business, Children’s Health does not represent that it is doing business in all such areas, or that its products or services will be available in any particular country or jurisdiction. Such products or services will only be made available when Children’s Health makes them available, and in compliance with applicable laws.
Physician Contribution
PHYSICIANS WHO MAY CONTRIBUTE INFORMATION TO THIS SITE ARE NOT EMPLOYEES OF CHILDREN’S HEALTH BUT ARE EITHER MEMBERS OF THE SITE OWNER'S MEDICAL STAFF AND/OR EMPLOYEES OF OTHER INSTITUTIONS.
Social Media Disclaimer
The opinions and/or views expressed on Children’s Health social media platforms, including, but not limited to, the Children’s Health Dallas Event app, our blogs, widgets, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube pages, represent the thoughts of individual contributors and online communities, and not those necessarily of Children’s Health or any of its corporate affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, medical staff or members of its respective board of directors. The opinions and views expressed on these pages do not in any way reflect the views of the Site they are posted on, other sites affiliated with the Site, the staff involved with maintaining the Site or any members of the Site.
By submitting content (comments, stories, photos, etc.) to any of Children’s Health’s social media sites, you understand and acknowledge that this information is available to the public, and that Children’s Health may use this information for internal and external promotional purposes and fundraising purposes. Please note that other participants may use your posted information beyond the control of Children’s Health.
Share:
Twitter
Facebook
Linked In
Email
ea75179a-2836-4be4-8447-2fea419a2a1d
Notice of Privacy Practices
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Email Encryption
Terms of Use
Quality and Patient Safety
Complaint Resolution
International Patient Services