http://www.seniorlink.com/terms
Menu
For Families
For Partners
Careers
News
Request services
Terms of Use:
These Terms of Use are entered into by and between you and Seniorlink Incorporated (“Seniorlink,” “we,” or “us”).  By choosing to use the Seniorlink website located at www.seniorlink.com, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Website Privacy Policy, found at www.seniorlink.com/privacy, incorporated herein by reference. We may amend these Terms of Use from time to time, in our sole discretion, without specific notice to you. The latest Terms of Use will be posted on the website, and you should review the posted Terms of Use prior to using the website. By your continued use of the website, you hereby accept and agree to all the provisions contained within the Terms of Use effective at that time. Therefore, you should regularly check this page for updates and/or changes.
All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purposes only. We do not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. The website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. All warranties, whether expressed or implied are disclaimed to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. Any action you take upon the information on our website is strictly at your own risk and we will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection with the use of the information on our website.  To the fullest extent provided by law, we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data, or other proprietary material due to your use of the website or any services or items obtained through the website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
As a condition of your use of the Seniorlink website, you accept and agree that you will not use the Seniorlink website for any unlawful or inappropriate purpose. You may not use the Seniorlink website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Seniorlink website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Seniorlink website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Seniorlink website.
Material on the Seniorlink website is owned by Seniorlink, its affiliates, its licensors or other providers of such material and is protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. Unless otherwise stated, users may print or download information from this site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided they identify the source of the material and include a statement that the materials are protected by copyright law. Permission to reprint or otherwise reproduce any document in whole or in part is prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the copyright owner.
The Seniorlink name, the Seniorlink logo, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of Seniorlink or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of  Seniorlink. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
The website is intended to provide general information about Seniorlink and our services. This website also provides links to other websites owned by or affiliated with Seniorlink. We may also provide access (links) to some external websites for your convenience. While we strive to provide only links to useful and ethical external websites and social properties, we have no control over the content and nature of these external sites and the links to external websites and properties do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites.  Please be aware that when you leave our website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control.
The owner of the website is based in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. We provide this website for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Your use of the website and these Terms of Use are governed and will be enforced under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, exclusive of any conflicts of laws principles. You unconditionally and irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal Courts situated in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and you will not object on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction, inconvenient forum or otherwise. Neither the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act nor the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods apply and their applicability is expressly excluded. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you and we nevertheless accept and agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
Updated July, 2020
Stay in touch with Seniorlink
Sign up for company news and updates on our benefit offerings.