http://www.nycc.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Last Update: February 11, 2016
LEGAL NOTICE/DISCLAIMER: USING OUR WEB SITE AND OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Welcome to the New York Chiropractic College Web Site ("NYCCWS"). In order to provide the best Web site we can, we need to establish some ground rules for our visitors.
In exchange for a license from us to access the materials on NYCCWS, you agree as follows:
OWNERSHIP/RIGHTS TO USE
You acknowledge that New York Chiropractic College, its affiliates and those from whom it may have received rights to publish material are the owners of all rights in the material contained in this site. You may not distribute copies of the materials for any purpose, republish them, or "frame" them. You may download them for non-commercial purposes, store them temporarily on a single computer, and print them solely for your own personal purposes and not for any commercial purpose or for delivery to any other person.
DISCLAIMER
All information on NYCCWS is subject to change without notice and is without warranty. NYCCWS contains links to other sites on the Internet. Material at those sites has been created by or for the respective owners of those sites and is not under our control. New York Chiropractic College has not verified the truth or accuracy of any such material and makes no representation or warranty with respect to the links or the contents thereof.
WEBSITE
The materials and information contained on this site are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any warranty for the accuracy or reliability of information, services, or products provided through or in connection with this site and any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, expectation of privacy or non-infringement.
PHOTO CREDITS
Unless otherwise stated, all photos on this site are the property of New York Chiropractic College.
NO DAMAGES
New York Chiropractic College shall not be liable for any damages or injury of any kind caused by any error, omission, delay, computer virus, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use relating to this site or any other site.
E-MAIL TO New York Chiropractic College
By sending e-mail, information or material to us or posting questions, comments, and suggestions in our e-mail areas, you grant us the right to use, copy, distribute and otherwise exploit in any way, the entire contents of your transmission in any fashion we see fit. You warrant to us that any such material does not infringe any laws or the rights of any person(s) under copyright, trade secret, trademark, defamation or any other laws. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit or delete any transmissions, for any reason or no reason.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Unless you inform us that you do not wish us to use identifying information about you to send out electronic mail or other promotional materials and to share such identifying information with other vendors, we shall be free to use such information in any way we choose. If you so notify us after we have delivered such identifying information to another person, we might not be able prevent its subsequent use by that person and you will need to contact that person in order to stop such subsequent use.
MISCELLANEOUS TERMS
Unless you inform us that you do not wish us to use identifying information about you to send out electronic mail or other promotional materials and to share such identifying information with other vendors, we shall be free to use such information in any way we choose. If you so notify us after we have delivered such identifying information to another person, we might not be able prevent its subsequent use by that person and you will need to contact that person in order to stop such subsequent use.
COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
The AdRoll (NYCC's Retargeting Provider) platform uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our services for Advertisers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. They enable us to identify your device when you move between different websites and applications, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
Specifically, the AdRoll cookie we serve through the AdRoll platform for this purpose is named "adroll". We may also drop an additional AdRoll opt-out cookie if you opt-out as described below. We may also drop cookies from our Advertising Partners for the purposes described above. The Advertising Partner cookies dropped vary by Advertiser implementation.
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads you receive and how we use your data:
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us: You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon in the corner of the ads we serve or by clicking here. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. If you opt-out we may collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won't be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or other advertising companies: AdRoll is also a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website.
We also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt out via their Your Online Choices website.
Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:
If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won't be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.
Other ad companies' opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
You can opt-out of our tracking your online activity for targeted advertising purposes (Do Not Track): We respond to "do not track" or "DNT" signals sent from your browser. If the website of one of our Advertisers receives a DNT signal, during that visit, we will not link data we collect to your browser identifier so that new data collected about you will not be used by us for targeted advertising purposes, but older data collected about you may still be used.
Close Video
Back to Top
Why NYCC
Clinical and Experiential Learning
Research
Professional Development
Academic Distinction
About NYCC
At a Glance
Our Leadership
Mission
Student Outcomes
Programs
College of Chiropractic
Doctor of Chiropractic
Postdoctoral Fellowships
M.S. in Clinical Anatomy
M.S. in Diagnostic Imaging
School of Health Science and Education
M.S. in Applied Clinical Nutrition
M.S. in Human Anatomy and Physiology Instruction
Bachelor of Professional Studies
Continuing Education
Student Life
Clubs & Organizations
Health & Fitness Center
Intramural Sports
Finger Lakes Living
Housing & Dining
NYCC Bookstore
Admissions
Admission Requirements
Tuition and Financial Aid
Canadian & International Admissions
Educational Partnerships
Meet the Admissions Team
Apply
Visit
Request Info
Attend and Open House
More
News & Events
Health Centers
Postgraduate Education
Alumni
Give
Search
Search:
Search
Quick Links
Student Portal
Student Webmail
Student Resources
NYCC Bookstore
D2L
Title IX
Community Reporting
Student Outcomes
Catalog & Student Guide
Faculty Portal
Office 365 FAQ (For Faculty/Staff Webmail Users)
Office 365; Faculty/Staff Webmail
Track-It!
EIP
Library
Career Opportunities Database
Request Info
Visit
Apply Now