https://www.angelfood.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
A-
A
A+
Project Angel Food recognizes the value of your privacy and believes that information about our Website users should be used responsibly and appropriately. To respect and protect the privacy of our Website users, we operate the site in accordance with the following privacy policy. By using the Project Angel Food site, you consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. We reserve the right to modify our policy from time to time. A revised policy will apply to information collected after the date the policy is changed and posted.
Our Promise to Our Donors
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by Project Angel Food, both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform”, includes the Project Angel Food’s website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation. All donor information (address, phone number, email address, and giving history) is stored in a secure database..
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?
Project Angel Food does not intend to collect any personal information from users browsing our Website. You can have general access to our site without providing any personally identifying information.
Project Angel Food collects and uses the personal information you voluntarily provide on our Website, such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, for the specific purposes for which you provide it, such as responding to e-mail comments on the site, sending you information you have requested, processing your requests to become a client or volunteer, processing your on-line donations, purchases, and registrations for events, or allowing you to provide certain content submissions. In addition, from time to time Project Angel Food may use the information you voluntarily provide to inform you about Project Angel Food’s activities, programs, and missions; to solicit your support of Project Angel Food; to obtain your feedback; and to notify you about our new and existing events or services. If you do not wish to receive such additional information about Project Angel Food or would like to correct information that you have previously provided, you may email us at Dev@angelfood.org to have your information removed from our database or updated if needed.
Project Angel Food may also share your personal information with third party service providers to whom we outsource certain administrative and other functions, including third party providers of Website and billing services, third party shipping companies, email distribution outsourcers, and vendors who help us provide our various programs.
We may also disclose our users’ personally identifiable information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Project Angel Food’s rights or property or who may be threatening the safety of any individual. We may also disclose personally identifiable information relating to you when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Your Content
Users may be allowed to post certain content on the site, such as stories and photographs. Please remember that each user is solely responsible for his or her own posted content, and Project Angel Food is not responsible for and does not guarantee our accuracy, integrity or quality. Each user also should remember that any information disclosed becomes public information, and you disclose such information at your own risk.
Do You Use Cookies?
Our site uses “cookies.” A “cookie” is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. The use of cookies enables us to obtain information about your use of Project Angel Food’s Website, such as whether you have visited Project Angel Food’s Website more than once and how you found us. This information allows us to more effectively tailor Project Angel Food’s Website and outreach efforts and make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords and preferences while you’re at Project Angel Food’s Website. For instance, by our site setting a cookie, the user would not have to log in multiple times, thus saving time while on our site. In addition, many improvements and updates to Project Angel Food’s Website are based on data obtained from the use of cookies, such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed. If a user rejects the cookie, he or she may still use our site but these benefits will not be realized.
What About Credit Card Account Information?
Project Angel Food does not disclose credit card account information provided by users and donors. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, Project Angel Food uses industry standard security protections to submit the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
What About Links to Other Sites?
Occasionally, our site may include links to other Web or social networking sites. Project Angel Food has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
How Can I Contact Project Angel Food?
If you would like to contact us about our Privacy Policy, you can send an email or write to Project Angel Food at:
Project Angel Food
922 Vine St.
Los Angeles, CA 90038
Dev@angelfood.org
Contact Us
Project Angel Food, 922 Vine Street
Los Angeles, California 90038
323.845.1800
info@angelfood.org
© 2020 Project Angel Food, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Contact
Sitemap