http://www.nic.bc.ca/privacy/
Skip Navigation Links
Privacy Statement
Collection of Personal Information
Personal information provided to North Island College (NIC) is collected under the authority of the College and Institute Act and section 26 of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIPPA). Information collected will be used for the purpose of admission, registration, graduation, alumni development, research and other activities consistent with the mandate of the institution. NIC collects, uses, retains and discloses information within the College to carry out its mandate and operations in accordance to Policy 1-01 Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy. Should you have any questions about the collection of information please contact the FIPPA Analyst located at 2300 Ryan Road, Courtenay, BC, V9N 8N6, or email foipp@nic.bc.ca.
Web Analytics and Remarketing
This website uses web analytics tools to help analyze how the website is used and to improve visitors’ online experience. These tools work by tagging web pages to capture a limited amount of data (including the internet protocol (‘IP”) address of the computer, device or network being used to access the pages). This data is used for aggregate reporting purposes. None of this data can be used by North Island College or the service provider to identify you.
This website also uses remarketing tools, which enable North Island College or other entities to serve you with relevant advertisements outside of the North Island College domain.
Web analytics and remarketing tools work by using cookies (small files stored on your computer’s web browser). You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website). Some service providers also allow you to opt out of their use of cookies for advertising purposes, e.g. Google Ad's Settings Page.
Terms of Use
All material provided on the site is intended for informational purposes only and should not be used to replace either official document (except where the material on the site is explicitly identified as comprising the official version of a document). Nor the advice of a qualified professional. NIC assumes no liability for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use of the information contained in its website. NIC assumes no liability for material created on its computing systems by any individual for personal purposes.
Third Party References, Links and Products
Reference and/or links to third party companies and products on the NIC website is provided for information and convenience only and does not constitute either an endorsement or a recommendation. NIC makes no representations whatsoever about any other websites which you may access from the NIC website. When you access a non-NIC website, it is independent from NIC's website; NIC has no control over the content on that website. A link to a non-NIC website does not constitute NIC endorsement or responsibility for the content or use of such website.