https://www.hivnet.ubc.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At the CIHR Canadian HIV Trials Network (CTN), we are committed to protecting your privacy and data.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of Personal Information that the CTN collects, uses and discloses.
As we are a national network, and this Privacy Statement is designed to meet the standards prescribed by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and the regulations thereunder (“PIPEDA”) as well as applicable provincial privacy legislation and regulations including the Personal Information Protection Act (British Columbia), and An Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector (Quebec).
From time to time, we may make changes to this Privacy Statement. The Privacy Statement is current as of July 24, 2020. We will treat Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Statement under which it was collected and our Privacy Policy, unless we have your consent to treat it differently. This Privacy Statement applies to any information we collect or receive about you, from any source.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When visitors leave comments on our website, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.
After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms and Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The CTN is committed to protecting the privacy of those who use our site. The CTN does not systematically collect any information about the identity of individuals searching our site.
We do collect statistical information through a log file which indicates which pages were visited and how frequently. This information is analyzed to help us develop content that responds to the interests of our site visitors.
The CTN’s website uses Google Analytics to track usage of our website for reporting and evaluation purposes. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to report on user interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please see http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
When and how do we obtain your consent?
Your personal information will only be used for the purpose for which you gave it to us unless we are required to do otherwise by law.
With third parties?
We ensure that all third parties that are retained to perform services on our behalf and are provided with Personal Information are contractually required to observe the intent of this Privacy Statement and our Privacy Policy and practices.
Do we obtain your consent?
Implied consent is reasonably inferred by the CTN when you voluntarily provide your personal information to us either orally, electronically or in writing, so that we can supply the service you request.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment on our website, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
What safeguards have been implanted?
We have implemented physical, organizational, contractual and technological security measures to protect your Personal Information from loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. The only employees who are granted access to your Personal Information are those with a business “need-to-know” or whose duties reasonably require such information. All staff that have access to Personal Information are required to sign a confidentiality agreement.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. If you sign up for our newsletter list, your email address and name will be stored through Mailchimp, for their privacy policy, visit Mailchimp here. We will not sell or share your data.
For any questions regarding privacy and our website, please contact us at info@hivnet.ubc.ca
News and Updates
First NameLast NameEmail