https://www.stepsworldwide.org/get-help/family-contact-service/
[wpseo_breadcrumb]
Family Contact Service
Conditions
Get Help
Contact Us
Family Contact Service
Helpline
Health Professionals
Hospital Visits
Parents Guides
Support Groups
Videos
“Steps have been an absolute life saver for me they have provided me with information on Mica’s condition and treatment and I have been able to discuss Mica’s condition with other families and read how people have coped with the long treatments”
Whether your child is affected by clubfoot, hip dysplasia or any other lower limb condition, many parents tell us that having the opportunity to talk to other families who know what they are going through has been of great benefit and certainly helped to lessen their feelings of isolation.
Our Family Contact service is an informal support program which, depending on the condition, puts families in touch with others who have shared a similar experience. If you’d like to discuss how our Family Contact service can help you or would like to register to become a Family Contact, please contact our Helpline on 01925 750271 or email info@steps-charity.org.uk
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Privacy PolicyACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Steps Charity Website SurveyWe are looking to make improvements to the Steps website and we would be really grateful if you could spare us a few minutes of your time to help us to answer a few questions.Please answer honestly. This survey is anonymous and we appreciate constructive criticism.Click here to take our surveyInvalid email address Click here to take our survey