http://www.athomeseminars.com/ahs-privacy-policy/
At Home Seminars Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or Professional licensure information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or Professional licensure information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience: (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website:(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service: (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions: (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. )
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies on our website?
We do not use cookies on our website
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s’ Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Continuing Education Credit Privacy Policy
In accordance with licensing board requests, we may relay information regarding course completion and issuing of certificates of completion. This information may include your name, address, phone number and professional license number if requested by the licensing boards and/or associations.
Once a customer registers or places an order with At Home Seminars, LLC, their information will be retained for a period of no less than 7 years in accordance with licensing board regulations.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.athomeseminars.com.
Your Consent
By using our site or services, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will send an email notifying you of any changes or post such changes on our website. This policy was last modified on 5/22/2017.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
At Home Seminars, LLC
PO Box 5627
Central Point, OR 97502
USA
Email: customerservice@athomeseminars.com
Archives
Categories
No categories
Meeting the continuing education requirements of Physical Therapists, Occupational Therapists and PT / OT Assistants for license renewal.
Connect With Us
Join Our Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
About Us
Our Guarantee
Download our Catalog
Privacy Policy
ADA Statement
My Account
Downloadable Courses
Print Your Certificates
Online Tests
Past Orders
Saved Courses
Customer Service
How It Works
How To Order
Contact Us
FAQ
Copyright © 2017 At Home Seminars.
Browse By Practice & State
Physical Therapist / PT Assistant Continuing Education
Occupational Therapist / OT Assistant Continuing Education
Athletic Trainer / AT Continuing Education