http://www.hivedmonton.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Donate Now
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email Address *
Submit
Privacy PolicyHIV Network of Edmonton Society is committed to keeping your personal information accurate, confidential, secure and private. When you visit our website, contact us, participate in one of our programs or attend an event, or make a donation to support our activities, we are committed to protecting your privacy rights and your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes how HIV Edmonton will protect the privacy of your personal information in its possession. It addresses the reasons why such information is collected, how it is used, how it’s confidentially protected and outlines your rights with respect to this information.
This privacy policy is applicable to our Members, Registered Clients, Community Partners, Donors, Volunteers and Employees of HIV Edmonton.
Personal information is defined as any factual or subjective information, recorded or not, about an identifiable individual. Examples are age, name, source of income, home addresses and telephone numbers. Personal information does not include the name, title, or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell personal information we collect. We will not disclose your personal information to anyone else without your prior knowledge or consent, except when required by a government body or agency, or as permitted by law.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. A cookie will not let a website know any personally identifiable information about you, such as your real name and address. HIV Edmonton uses cookies only to keep track of how many people visit our website and how frequently each page is visited. Cookies are only used to track page popularity for statistical purposes and to improve the quality of the site and meet your needs. (For more information on cookies, please check your browser’s settings.)
CASL Compliance ActThe CASL Compliance Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CASL Compliance we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
HIV Network of Edmonton Society (HIV Edmonton)
9702 111 Avenue Edmonton, AB T5G 0B1
Phone: 780-488-5742    Toll Free: 1-877-388-5742
Contact@hivedmonton.com
Back to Top