https://www.isuog.org/membership/membership-terms-and-conditions.html
You're here:
Homepage
Membership
Membership terms and conditions
Membership terms and conditions
Bookmark this page
Please read ISUOG's membership terms and conditions for full details on ISUOG membership.
Introduction
The International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology (ISUOG) is registered as a company (2722770) and charity (1030406) in England and Wales whose registered office is at 122 Freston Road, London W10 6TR, United Kingdom.
When you join ISUOG as a “member” you are subscribing to a service provided by the company and charity, the object of which is the protection and preservation of health by promoting the science of ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology and education therein for the benefit of the public. The word "member" or "membership" refers to your subscription or your status as a subscriber to the service.
These terms and conditions form the basis of the agreement through which ISUOG will deliver its service. Upon joining ISUOG as a member, you agree to these terms and conditions and you are providing us with the appropriate consent to handle your personal information in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Information handling
ISUOG is a registered data controller with the Information Commissioners Office UK (ICO). ISUOG or its agents store, host and otherwise process the information (including personal data) supplied by its members / subscribers / users via its website. See our Privacy Policy for more information.
Use of Cookies
ISUOG follows guidelines on cookies as outlined by the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) UK. See our Privacy Policy for more information.
General users - visitors to the ISUOG website
ISUOG does not collect any personal information from users visiting and browsing its website. Only aggregate data such as the number of visits per page are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information. We collect IP addresses to track visits by the use of cookies.
Data protection and use of personal data
For information on how we collect and use your personal data, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Member opt out
Membership communication will be in the form of email.  Members can update their preferences on their online profile and select:
whether or not they wish to be contacted via post or telephone as well
which type of newsletters they wish to receive
Membership benefits
By purchasing ISUOG membership, you will gain access to the following membership benefits depending on which band of membership you purchase:
Basic Membership £55 for 12 months
High quality education:
Reduced fees to ISUOG’s intensive education courses, International Symposia and World Congress
ISUOG support for teaching programs
Opportunities to participate in ISUOG Outreach projects
Web resources:
World Congress online presentations on our On Demand platform
Online lectures and learning modules
CME platform
VISUOG: a visual encyclopaedia for ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology
Fetal biometry calculators
ISUOG newsletters and other notifications about ISUOG, research, education and clinical resources on ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology
Journal membership £115 for 12 months, or a pro-rata upgrade
Journal members of ISUOG will have access to the above Basic membership benefits, plus access to the UOG Journal online.
If you purchase a pro-rata upgrade from Basic membership to Journal membership, you will gain online access to current and past issues of the UOG Journal from the point of upgrading to the end of your existing membership. The cost of this upgrade will depend on how many months of membership you have left.
Journal membership + a print subscription for £195 for 12 months, or a pro-rata upgrade
Print subscription will give Journal members of ISUOG access to Journal membership benefits and online access to the UOG Journal, and on top of this will receive the UOG Journal in print:
You will receive 12 issues, starting with the monthly issue at the time you subscribe to print journal. If you become a print member after the 19th of the month, you will receive 12 issues starting with the following month's issue. The journals will start arriving within 6-8 weeks from the date you join.
If you upgrade partway through your membership to include a print subscription, you will receive the number of copies per months remaining of your membership and you will be charged a pro-rata rate for the upgrade.
It is required to be a Journal member to subscribe to the print journal. For more information, please visit our membership FAQs.
Trainee membership – 2 years of free online Journal membership
ISUOG offers free two-year membership to support international trainees beginning their careers in ultrasound for obstetrics and gynecology. Membership is facilitated through partner institutions.
After two years, trainees are also able to renew for £60, instead of the regular £115 for Journal membership.
Trainee membership benefits are the same as Journal membership benefits (see above).
Registered user benefits
By subscribing to our newsletter for free you will also create an account in our website to see education and news tailored to your interests on your personalised page under My ISUOG. You will receive the monthly ISUOG newsletter and other direct email communications specific to your interests from the point at which you join, until you unsubscribe.
Conditions of membership: right to refuse applications
ISUOG membership is open to any individual interesting in promoting the objects of the charity. Once a member submits an application to become a member or to renew membership the member receives an automated welcome message and for new members login details into the member area of the ISUOG website.
ISUOG reserves its right not to fulfil or to cancel a member application at any time.
If a member is accepted into ISUOG membership and subsequently it turns out that any or all of the information they provided was misleading or false: ISUOG reserves its right to revoke the membership with immediate effect, without the right of appeal.
Conditions of membership: membership period
Membership runs for 12 consecutive months from the date when a member has applied and paid for their membership.
Members who register to attend the World Congress on Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology will have membership included in the registration fee. Delegates of ISUOG Approved Courses that have opted for the Basic membership offer will receive 12 months of ISUOG membership starting from the course start date (regardless of when the membership is created – delegates will be provided with 2 months guaranteed access to ISUOG membership benefits and it is down to the Approved Course organiser to ensure that the administrative process is completed within that 2 month window to avoid delegates missing out on their membership benefits),
During each 12 month period, members consent to receiving from ISUOG:
12 eNewsletters
Emails with details of ISUOG events / programmes / membership / journal
Renewal notices from 2 months before the end of their current membership
Members can unsubscribe from direct emails and payment reminders at any time, however if they do not opt out, they will automatically receive these communications as part of the membership service. Members are reminded to keep their profile and preferences up-to-date so they receive the most suitable communications from ISUOG.
Conditions of membership: membership cancellation
A member of ISUOG who has subscribed to ISUOG membership can cancel their membership anytime by contacting ISUOG in writing at membership@isuog.org. Members who cancel their membership are removed from membership with effect from the date on which their resignation is received by ISUOG and all their member benefits and rights cease at that time. No refunds are given for ISUOG membership cancellation.
Conditions of membership: individual members' obligations
ISUOG expects of its members the highest standards of excellence, integrity, respect, inclusiveness. These values and expectations form the basis of ISUOG Code of Conduct that members are requested to abide by.
Events
Members may be notified of or invited to events organised by or in partnership with ISUOG if such events are considered to be of value and benefit to members. Our events may be subject to separate terms and conditions. Please check these at the time of booking.
Price Information
Any fees displayed on the ISUOG website are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right to increase the price of products and services from time to time. If this would be related to services subscribed by existing members, members will be informed in advance.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by English law. You hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts notwithstanding the jurisdiction where you are based.
If any court or competent authority decides that any of the provisions of these terms are invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, the term will, to that extent only, be severed from the remaining terms, which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by the law.
A person who is not party to these terms shall not have any rights under on in connection with them under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Liability
Liability for third parties: ISUOG’s liability to its members will not extend to any membership related benefits, goods or services provided by an external provider. ISUOG specifically excludes liability for any loss or damage suffered by a member as a result of her/his involvement in whatever manner with an external provider.
Accuracy of ISUOG information: reasonable effort is made to ensure the accuracy of information provided on our website, in newsletters, and any other publications; however, neither we nor the authors can accept liability for errors and omissions within its publications.
ISUOG website: The ISUOG website may contain links to other websites, which in turn may contain material that has been produced by third parties not affiliated with us. We have no control over those other websites and accept no responsibility or liability for information or content provided on such websites.
Unauthorised providers: unfortunately many large international conferences are now being targeted by fraudulent or unauthorised websites offering accommodation and online registrations to delegates and exhibitors. Often these websites are designed to look like official Congress websites, but they are not. Please be vigilant when making plans for Congress and book accommodation either via this website or directly with the hotel. Online registration for ISUOG Congresses and events is only ever provided through isuog.org. More information about unauthorised providers can be found here: https://www.isuog.org/events/world-congress/general-information/unauthorised-providers.html
Even if data encryption is used, the security of information transmitted via the internet cannot be guaranteed. Any losses incurred or sustained by users who transmit information by electronic means shall be borne solely and exclusively by such user and in no event shall any such losses in whole or in part be borne by us. Please see the website’s terms of use.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any delay or non-performance of its obligations by reason of matters beyond its control including, but not limited to, any act of terrorism, war, riot, civil commotion, compliance with any law or government order, fire, flood or storm, strikes, or any other industrial dispute, delay in transit, power failure, postal delay, or any event that cannot be reasonably be planned for or avoided.
These Terms and Conditions do not and shall not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. A person who is not party to these Terms shall not have any rights under or in connection with them under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Variations to this agreement
ISUOG may change these terms and conditions at any time. The most recent edition of these terms and conditions will be binding upon ISUOG member, subscribers, and users. ISUOG Members may exit the contract if they do not accept any proposed variation. These terms and conditions override any contrary terms or conditions published in relation to any membership subscription between a member and ISUOG.
If ISUOG’s privacy policies change, ISUOG will notify its members and subscribers by email or an announcement placed on this website.
Queries, complaints, comments
We will endeavour to respond within 72 hours to any complaint or query received. This may be an acknowledgement that we have received a complaint whilst further investigations are carried out. If you have any queries, comments or complaints about products and services please contact us at info@isuog.org.
If you believe that any of the information ISUOG holds about you is incorrect or out of date, please log in and edit your information, and if the data is not editable, forward the accurate information to info@isuog.org.
If members wish to obtain a copy of their personal data held by ISUOG, then please write to data@isuog.org. You will be asked to provide proof of your identity and for any further information that might help ISUOG to locate the data you are seeking.
Share
Basic member benefits £55
Journal membership benefits £115
Print Journal subscription £195
Free trainee membership
Member survey
Frequently asked questions
Rolling membership
Membership terms and conditions
OK
Loading...
Cancel
OK
Loading...
Cancel
Login
Loading...