https://www.latinaproject.com/privacy.html
Home
Symptoms
Treatments
Prevention
This Website's Privacy Policy
Our website address is: https://www.latinaproject.com/.
This website is owned and operated by the Latina Health Project.
We are committed to the protection of your privacy, and will treat any information you provide through the website with the utmost respect. We work to prevent the unauthorized or unlawful use of your personally identifiable information, and to prevent any accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
This website collects certain information about visitors, even when they are not logged in. We may record your IP address, the URLs of the Web sites and pages you visit, the times and dates of such visits, information about the computer hardware and software you use and other information that may be available. We may place “cookies” on your computer to recognize you on return visits. You may adjust your browser settings or use other means to prevent cookies from being placed on your computer.
Analytics
We have installed the widely used Google Analytics on this website so we can collect information about site users, where they are located, and how they use the website.
The data collected does not identify individual users.
You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting data about your usage by disabling javascript in you browser.
Google Analytics has a webpage that explains their use of data called "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps"at:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Use of Information
Latina Health Project uses the information that we collect about users to improve the website experience by helping us
select content and services that people may find interesting and useful. Information about the content you visit and services you use may be used alone or in conjunction with information collected from other users to help us tailor the website and iother products and services to better suit the needs and interests of clients and prospective clients.
We might disclose information that we obtain through the website to appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities, if required by law or any governmental agency.
Transfers of Information
We do not share data about visitors to this website – individual user or aggregate statistical data with anyone other than Google Analytics.
We do not sell any data we collect.
We do not sell this data or give it away to anyone.
An exception may be made if a law enforcement agency requests data.
Information Sent by Way of the Web site is Not Secure
Any information sent to the Latina Health Project by Internet e-mail or through the website is not secure and is done so on a non-confidential basis. Any information you send Latina Health Project over the Internet, either through the website or via email is done at your own risk.
Questions
Questions about site privacy or use of information should be emailed to
ashley – at – latinaproject.com. Please use the subject line: PRIVACY INQUIRY.
The Boneporosis book is now available on Amazon.com.
Click here
Bone Microstructure
Medicines
Bisphosphonates block bone resorption. They have been widely used for years and although there can be side effects, the medical profession considers them generally safe and effective. More
Selective Estrogen Receptor Modulators (SERMs) are chemical compounds that act on the estrogen receptors in the body.
More.
Spanish
Sitemap