https://www.basisonline.org/terms_of_use.html
The Brief Addiction Science Information Source (BASIS)
The BASIS provides a forum for the free exchange of information related to addiction, and public access to the latest scientific developments and resources in the field. Our aim is to strengthen worldwide understanding of addiction and minimize its harmful effects. The Division on Addiction, Cambridge Health Alliance, a Harvard Medical School teaching hospital.
Terms of Use
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
It is our policy that The BASIS Online subscriber list will not be sold to or shared with any third party.
Terms of Use and Privacy Agreement
Please read this Terms of Use and Privacy Agreement ("Agreement") carefully before using www.basisonline.org ("Website"), a website maintained by the Division on Addiction at Cambridge Health Alliance, a Harvard Medical School teaching hospital. Your use of the Website indicates your acceptance of this Agreement.
We encourage public, nonprofit, and educational organizations to link to our web site or use our materials for training and discussion. We encourage the reproduction and free dissemination of our materials; however, individuals and organizations should not change materials in any way and should give proper credit.
Member Information and Privacy
The BASIS Online has created this Privacy Statement to help demonstrate its commitment to privacy. This Statement describes The BASIS information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website.
The BASIS does not automatically collect any personally identifiable information, such as name, address, or e-mail address, about visitors to the Website. Personally identifiable information about visitors to the Website is collected only when voluntarily submitted. By voluntarily submitting such personal information, the user is consenting to receive emails from the BASIS from time to time regarding various events or promotions. If, at any time, the user does not wish to receive email from the BASIS, the user may use the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. The BASIS reserves the right to track non-personal information about users of its Website, including without limitation: the user’s previous URL (whether this URL is on its Website or not), the user’s subsequent URL (whether this URL is on its Website or not), the Internet browser used, the type of operating system used, the user’s location, and the user’s IP address. A user’s IP address is used for system administration purposes and to track a user’s session, in order to give the BASIS an understanding as to which parts of its Website users are visiting. Many sites automatically collect this information. The BASIS may use such non-personal information for purposes including but not limited to improving the content of its Website, marketing, advertising, or research purposes.
This privacy policy will remain in effect indefinitely except with prior notice of a change in policy.
General Compliance with Laws
All users shall comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding use of this Website.
Links To and From Other Websites
The BASIS generally welcomes links to its Website. You may establish a link to the Website, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your website or its contents by The BASIS, Cambridge Health Alliance, The President and Fellows of Harvard College, Harvard University, Harvard Medical School, or by any group or individual related to or affiliated with The BASIS. You must obtain express written consent from the BASIS in order to use on your website any Content provided on the BASIS Website.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
The BASIS may make improvements or changes in the information, services, products, and other materials on www.basisonline.org, or terminate www.basisonline.org, at any time without notice. The BASIS may modify this Agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement.
Disclaimers
Your use of the Website is at your own risk. The BASIS makes no warranties or representations as to the Content and assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions therein. The BASIS also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or your downloading of any materials from the Website.
The information we provide on The BASIS is for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions. You should not use this information to diagnose or treat a health problem or disease without consulting with a qualified healthcare provider. Please consult your healthcare provider with any questions or concerns you may have.
The BASIS is a product of the Division on Addiction, Cambridge Health Alliance, a Harvard Medical School teaching hospital. The Division is an entirely self-funded academic organization that relies on grants, contracts, and gifts in order to produce The BASIS and our other high-quality work.
Can you spare five minutes to tell us your thoughts on The BASIS? Your responses to this short questionnaire will help us improve this free resource and better meet your expectations. Thank you!
Search
Submit
Pages
About The BASIS
Addiction Resources
Contact Us
Division on Addiction
Letters to the Editor
Media/Press Kit
Organizational Sponsors
Sponsor The BASIS
Terms of Use
The BASIS Glossary
What is Addiction?
Your First Step to Change
Categories
Addiction & the Humanities
Addiction Smoking Health Education Service (ASHES)
First Person: Personal Narratives of Addiction
Op-Ed/Editorials
Science Threads on Addiction, Substance Use, and Health (STASH)
Special Series
The Drinking Report for Addiction Medicine (DRAM)
The Worldwide Addiction Gambling Education Report (The WAGER)
See More
Addiction & the Humanities - Are video games normalizing addictive behaviors?Video games often contain ‘adult’ content that may not be appropriate for younger players, such as gambling and alcohol, tobacco, and other substance use. Addiction & the Humanities explores the pervasiveness and portrayal of these themes within video games and discusses the implications they may have on stakeholders and consumers – including children and adolescents.
Addiction & the Humanities - The portrayal of Gambling Disorder in Uncut GemsThis week, Addiction & the Humanities looks at a portrayal of Gambling Disorder in Uncut Gems, a film that depicts the story of a New York City jewelry dealer who continues to gamble despite his increasing debt.
Addiction & the Humanities - Does Netflix have a smoking problem?Depictions of tobacco use are on the rise in programming found on streaming platforms. This week, Addiction & the Humanities investigates smoking imagery in popular shows that attract young viewers, such as Netflix’s Stranger Things.
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
More...
Subscribe to this blog's feed
The information we provide on The BASIS is for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions. You should not use this information to diagnose or treat a health problem or disease without consulting with a qualified healthcare provider. Please consult your healthcare provider with any questions or concerns you may have.