https://www.sess.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Storage Equipment Safety Service Ltd
Storage Equipment Safety Service LtdThe 1st Independent Racking & Shelving Safety Survey Specialists
Home
About Us
Inspections
Quote
Training
In House Training
How to Inspect Pallet Racking
Safe Management of Pallet Racking
Maintain Your Racking Safely
Clients Premises Training
How to Inspect Pallet Racking
Safe Management of Pallet Racking
Maintain Your Racking Safely
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sign In
Website/Webstore & Customer Privacy NoticeThis is the privacy notice of Storage Equipment Safety Service Limited In this document, “we”, “our”, or “us” refer to Storage Equipment Safety Service Limited.We are the “data controller” and we are company number 3309244 registered in England.Our registered office is at The National Warehouse Safety Centre, South Nelson Road, South Nelson Industrial Estate, Cramlington, Northumberland NE23 1EG.IntroductionThis notice applies to customers, contacts, and suppliers.This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.  By accessing or browsing our website/webstore or contacting us by any other means, including telephone, email or other written means, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this notice in its entirety.We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our website immediately or refrain from having any further contact with us.We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website, people who make contact with us and suppliers are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used forAny purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at www.knowyourprivacyrights.orgExcept as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website/webstore.The data we collect about youPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed.Through your use of this website/webstore or by providing your details to us, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you as follows:Personal contact details.Payment processing information.Dietary and access requirements (in relation to our In-House Training Courses).Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website/webstore.Information about how you use our website/webstore.We may also collect, use and share statistical or demographic data for any purpose that we have aggregated. This data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate data about your usage to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website/webstore feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice. We do not generally collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.We may, however, collect information about whether or not attendees on our training courses are disabled to enable us to make reasonable adjustments for delegates who have a disability.  We will seek your consent before obtaining this information.The bases on which we process information about youThe law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category.If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.1. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with youWhen you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us.In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.We may use it in order to:1.1.       verify your identity for security purposes1.2.       sell products to you1.3.       provide you with our services1.4.       provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website1.5.       administer a supplier contractWe process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally identifiable.We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.2. Information we process with your consentThrough certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website/webstore, ask us to provide you with a quote or more information about our business, including job opportunities and our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. We may aggregate it in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor the performance of a particular page on our website.If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful.We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.You may withdraw your consent at any time by e-mailing us at GDPR@sess.co.uk.  However, if you do so, you may not be able to use our website/webstore or our services further.3. Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interestsWe may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest, either to you or to us, of doing so.Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to:whether the same objective could be achieved through other meanswhether processing (or not processing) might cause you harmwhether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do soFor example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:record-keeping for the proper running of our business, provision of administration and IT services, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation exerciseresponding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a responseprotecting and asserting the legal rights of any partyinsuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to manage our business riskprotecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do sodelivering relevant website content to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of the content, in order to inform market strategy and help us grow our businessusing data analytics to improve website/webstore, services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences, in order to keep our website/webstore updated and inform market strategy and help us grow our businessbusiness management and planning, including accounting and auditing4. Information we process because we have a legal obligationWe are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation.For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.  We may also use your personal information when dealing with legal disputes with you or when dealing with HMRC.This may include your personal information.Specific uses of information you provide to us5. Information relating to your method of paymentPayment information is never taken by us or transferred to us either through our website/webstore or otherwise. Our employees and contractors never have access to it.At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of WorldPay / SagePay / PayPal or some other reputable payment service provider. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.6. Job application and employmentIf you send us information in connection with a job application, we may keep it for up to twelve months in case we decide to contact you at a later date.If we employ you, we collect information about you and your work from time to time throughout the period of your employment. This information will be used only for purposes directly relevant to your employment. After your employment has ended, we will keep your file for seven years before destroying or deleting it.Further details will be issued to you via separate Privacy Notices issued to you when you apply for a job or when you commence employment or work with us.7. Contacting usWhen you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website/webstore or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business.We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service.8. ComplainingWhen we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us.We use that information to resolve your complaint.If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.9. Affiliate and business partner informationThis is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or as a business partner.It allows us to recognise visitors that you have referred to us, and to credit to you commission due for such referrals. It also includes information that allows us to transfer commission to you.The information is not used for any other purpose.We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship.We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this policy.Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website10. CookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit any website. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalised experience and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose. It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use.Our website/webstore uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.When you first visit our website/webstore, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose.If you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our website/webstore.We use cookies in the following ways:10.1.    to track how you use our website/webstore10.2.    to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our website/webstore10.3.    to keep you signed in our site10.4.    to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete themWe provide more information about the cookies we use in our cookie policy.11. Personal identifiers from your browsing activityRequests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded.We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you.If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website.12. Our use of re-marketingRe-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you browse our website in order to be able to serve to you an advert for our products or services when you visit some other website.We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time. If so, then if you have consented to our use of cookies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites.Disclosure and sharing of your information13. Information we share with third partiesWe may use third parties (“Service Providers”)to performservices on our behalf or to assist with the provision of services/and or goods to you.  For example, we may engage service providers to provide IT hosting and other infrastructure.In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal information.  These third parties are contractually bound only to use personal information to perform the services that we hire them to provide.  We will always use our best efforts to ensure that all the Service Providers we work with will keep your personal data secure.We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Storage Equipment Safety Service Ltd.14. Information we obtain from third partiesAlthough we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use.No such information is personally identifiable to you.15. Credit referenceTo assist in combating fraud, we share information with credit reference agencies, so far as it relates to clients or customers who instruct their credit card issuer to cancel payment to us without having first provided an acceptable reason to us and given us the opportunity to refund their money.16. Data is not processed outside the European UnionOur websites are hosted in the UK at our Head OfficeAccess to your own information17. Access to your personal information17.1.    At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.17.2.    To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you may send us a request at GDPR@sess.co.uk.17.3.    After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.18. Removal of your informationIf you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at GDPR@sess.co.uk.This may limit the service we can provide to you.19. Verification of your informationWhen we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.Other matters20. Use of site by childrenWe do not sell products or provide services for purchase by children, nor do we market to children.21. Encryption of data sent between usWe use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us.Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar.22. Storage of dataThe data that we collect from you is stored securely on site at head office and is also transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of Storage Equipment Safety Service Ltd head office, to a secure encrypted cloud backup service. We will take all steps that are mandatory or reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable data protection laws, including, where relevant, entering into EU standard contractual clauses.23. Security of personal informationWe use administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access or modifications.Certain areas of our storage systems, both computerised and paper based are password protected.  Where we have given you or you have chosen a password to view your Rack Safety Inspection Reports on-line, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share your password(s) with anyone.Payments made via our webstore are processed in a secure environment using software provided by a third party.24. How you can complain24.1.    If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if you have any complaint then you should tell us by email. Our address is GDPR@sess.co.uk.24.2.    If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.24.3.    If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/25. Retention period for personal dataExcept as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us and generally no longer than seven years:25.1.    to provide you with the services you have requested;25.2.    to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;25.3.    to support a claim or defence in court;25.4.    to comply with our ISO 9001:2015 processes25.5.    to comply with statutory minimum retention requirements26. Compliance with the lawOur privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear from you.However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website/webstore or provide your details to us.27. Review of this privacy policyWe may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted on our website/webstore on the day you use our website/webstore or provide your details to us. We advise you to print a copy for your records.If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please e-mail us at GDPR@sess.co.uk
We Are The Market Leaders In Independent Rack Safety Inspections
Request A Quote
The 1st Independent Racking & Shelving Safety Survey Specialists
Useful LinksSEMAIOSHHSE
Contact UsAddress:
SESS Ltd
South Nelson Road
South Nelson Ind Est
Cramlington
Northumberland
NE23 1EGPhone: +44 (0) 1670 736 444Email: sess@sess.co.uk
Privacy PolicyPlease click here to view our Privacy Policy.
© 2019 Storage Equipment Safety Service Ltd. All rights reserved.
Shopping Basket
anti anxiety
http://healthsavy.com