https://www.bda.uk.com/about-us/website/terms-conditions.html
You’re here
British Dietetic Association Homepage
About Us
About the BDA website
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
In this section
All aspects of the British Dietetic Association web site design, text, graphics, source code, software and all other material on this web site are copyright the British Dietetic Association and its affiliates, or their content and technology providers, unless otherwise stated.
The British Dietetic Association takes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the content of its web sites. However, in no circumstances shall the British Dietetic Association nor any of its officers or employees be liable for any loss, additional costs or damage howsoever arising, suffered as a result of any use of this web site or the information, content, or products.
1. Disclaimer of Liability
Nothing in this website constitutes individual dietetic advice. Always consult a suitably qualified dietitian on any specific problem or matter. Whilst we take every effort to ensure that the information contained in this website is both accurate and complete, no guarantees can be given. The British Dietetic Association (BDA) assumes no responsibility for information contained on this site and disclaims all liability to any third party for injury damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on information on this website.
2. Virus protection
The BDA makes every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus programme on all material downloaded from the Internet. The BDA cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system that may occur while using material derived from this website.
3. Hyperlinks
Links to non-BDA web sites
The BDA web site provides links to many third party information providers who are not affiliated with the British Dietetic Association.
The British Dietetic Association does not endorse any of these sites, nor the information or merchandise contained or offered by these sites, and does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information.
In no event shall the BDA be liable for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, lost data, or any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages related to the use, inability to use, performance or non-performance of the information or merchandise offered by such third party sites, even if the British Dietetic Association has been advised previously of the possibility of such losses or damages.
The BDA does not engage in reciprocal links and aims to provide links to web sites that, at the time of providing the link, we believe provide valid public information.
Links to the BDA web sites
Web sites may link to the BDA web site without seeking permission. The link must not be used in a way that implies that the BDA endorses or has any affiliation with the web site. The BDA logo may not be used as a link (see below).
4. Intellectual Property Protection
The contents and design of the BDA website and any material e-mailed to you or otherwise supplied to you in conjunction with the website are copyright of the BDA and its licensors. You may not use or reproduce or allow anyone to use or reproduce any trademarks (such as the "BDA” name and logo, Trust a Dietitian name and logo or other trade names appearing on any BDA website) for any reason without written permission from the BDA. Such permission should be obtained from the BDA Communications Officer (Design Services). See also our copyright declaration.
5. Use of BDA Website Content
You may retrieve and display our website content on a computer screen or mobile telephone, print individual pages on paper (but not photocopy them except Fact Sheets) and store such pages in electronic form on your mobile telephone for your personal, non-commercial use.
Except as expressly set out above, you may not reproduce, modify or in any way commercially exploit any of the BDA's website content. In particular, but without limiting the general application of the restrictions contained in the preceding sentence, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from the BDA:
reproduce, store or distribute all or any part of the BDA's website content, including BDA documents, on any other web site, server or other storage device connected to a network, or regularly or systematically store BDA intellectual property in electronic or print form; or
modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit all or any part of the BDA's website content (including use as part of any library, archive or similar service) without the prior written consent of the BDA; or
use BDA fact sheets in whole or part except as indicated on the food facts index page, or
remove the copyright or trade mark notice from any copies or part copies of the BDA's website content made under these Terms.
Any use of "www.bda.uk.com" content not specifically permitted above is expressly prohibited.
6. Use of the BDA logo
The BDA logo may not be used on any web site for any purpose without permission from the BDA Communications Officer (Design Services). Permission for such use will be given in writing or by email and will be for a fixed time period. There is an annually-produced version of the BDA logo available for use by BDA full members on their websites and stationery. Versions are not available for other cetagories of membership.
You may not use the BDA logo on a web link page without permission.
7. Termination
The BDA may, in its discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of "www.bda.uk.com" website with or without cause by delivering notice to you.
These rights of termination are in addition to all other rights or remedies of the BDA provided in these Terms or by law.
8. Privacy Policy
Read our updated Privacy Policy - May 2018.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user's hard drive while they are visiting a particular website, it contains simple information about the user's identity but no personal information. We may use cookies on our website to store passwords, so that it is not necessary to provide a password for every visit to our website. We may also use cookies to track the interests of our users so that we can subsequently enhance their experience on our website.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website and we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of other website's
Your Consent
By using our website you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in the manner set out above. If we change or modify our privacy policy we shall post these changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
9. Members' Web Account Access
Any BDA member online account set up to access member-only locked pages on this site should only be used by the named BDA member.  The BDA reserves the right at any time to suspend the account if any non-member or suspicious use is detected.
Please note: BDA membership is for the sole use of the named individual who applied and is registered on the BDA database, and must in no circumstances be used or shared with any other individual.
In this section
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Share this page