https://www.scotthyver.com/legal/
800.454.2747
San Francisco Lasik Eye Surgery
HOME
DR. HYVER
SERVICES
OVERVIEW
“ALL LASER” LASIK
CONTOURA LASIK
SMILE LASIK
CUSTOMIZED PRK
MONOVISION FOR READING
EXTENDED CARE PROGRAM
LASERS
PAYMENT PLANS
COVID-19
CONTACT US
Home / Legal
Terms of Use
While ScottHyver Visioncare uses reasonable efforts to include accurate information on this web site, they make no representations as to absolute accuracy, timeliness or completeness of that information. In using this web site, you agree that its information and services are provided “as is” without warranty, express or implied, and that you use this site for purposes of information only.
All final medical judgments and decisions will be made by you and your personal healthcare providers.
The material presented on this site is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnostics or treatment for any medical conditions. You should promptly seek professional medical care if you have any concern about your health.
By accessing any portion of the site, you agree not to redistribute any of the information found therein. The services provided on this site are for your convenience and information only. ScottHyver Visioncare does not endorse or recommend the services or products of any particular company, nor is ScottHyver Visioncare responsible for any services or goods provided by such companies. ScottHyver Visioncare shall not be liable for any damages or costs arising out of or in any way connected with your use of any of the services or companies accessed through this web site.
ScottHyver Visioncare and any other parties involved in creating and delivering this site’s contents have no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages with respect to the information, services content or advertisements contained on or otherwise accessed through this web site.
ScottHyver Visioncare hereby authorizes you to view, copy, download and print pages on this web site only for your personal use. The documents may not be modified or copied and are to be used solely for personal, non-commercial and informational purposes. You may not reproduce, copy, or redistribute the design or layout of the web site, individual elements of the web site or other web site design features without the express written permission of ScottHyver Visioncare.
Privacy Policy and Cookies
We collect personal information and non-personal information. We collect personal information, such as your name, contact information, and date of birth, when you complete a form requesting information or an appointment. We don’t collect personal information unless you voluntarily provide it, and any personal information you do provide is never sold to third parties. In order to access, update, or remove personally identifiable information, please call 800.454.2747.
We collect non-personal information, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the site from which you arrived, the URL of the site to which you subsequently link, what browser you are using, cookie string data and, in the case of mobile devices, your device type and mobile device’s unique identifier. This data is collected in order to operate and make improvements to the site, as well as for marketing purposes, and is retained by our analytics software for 28 months.
When you use our site we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of the site. A cookie is a small data text file, which is stored on your computer’s hard drive (if your internet browser permits) that can later be retrieved by us to identify you. You are always free to decline cookies if your browser permits.
We may use a third party advertising company to display our banner advertisements on other websites you may subsequently visit. To serve these targeted ads, the third party company may place a separate cookie on your computer. You can “opt-out” of this advertising by clicking here. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted-out, you will need to opt-out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt-out on each browser or device.
This site contains links to other websites, which have their own privacy policies and data collection and use practices. Please consult each website’s privacy policy, as we are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
If you have any questions about the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or Cookies, please contact us at 800.454.2747.
To schedule a free “Virtual” or In-Office LASIK consultation with Dr. Hyver, or if you have any questions, please call 800.454.2747 or
CLICK HERE
© 2001-2020 ScottHyver Visioncare, Inc., a Professional Medical CorporationThis website uses cookies to help improve its performance. By scrolling this page, clicking a link, or continuing to browse, you agree to the use of cookies.
Legal
Sitemap
Safety
Patient Privacy