https://www.eatwellmd.org/page/social-media-policy
Maryland Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics
MediaMAND Social Media Policy
MAND Social Media Policy
Welcome to Our Social Community!
Editorial Guidelines
Our social media properties exist to share and discuss food and nutrition information and news, such as healthy eating tips, as appropriate within the guidelines we have set forth within our social media policy. Our community knows us for our standard of excellence and credibility in providing timely, science-based food and nutrition information. In keeping with these standards, MAND has developed this policy for public social media participation. Its purpose is to guide you and protect your privacy and reputation, as well as ours. We look forward to sharing information in our dynamic web communities and encourage you to engage in the ongoing conversations. Of course, we realize that not everyone will have the same opinions. Therefore, we must maintain mutual respect for differing members within our community at all times, even when we disagree.
As you interact and engage with the Maryland Academy of Nutrition  professionals and our members, we are required to enforce specific social media rules that apply without exception. Your use of the MAND social media sites, including but not limited to our blogs and social networks, is your acceptance, without limitation, to the following terms of use:
In order to post on an MAND's  social media site, you must be 18 years of age or older.
In an effort to protect everyone's privacy, you should not post any information or content related to your personal health information, including, but not limited to, images, health records or any data, on a MAND social media site.
As a member of our community posting content to any MAND social media site, you are agreeing not to participate in any of the following activities:
Violating any local, state or federal laws and regulations including, but not limited to, copyright and intellectual property rights laws regarding any content that you send or receive, as stated in this policy.
Sharing content or material that is unlawful, disruptive, threatening, profane, obscene, defamatory, abusive, intimidating or offensive. Further, you agree to refrain from posting advertisements, solicitations or “spam” of any kind. MAND reserves the right to determine what material is appropriate for its social media sites. MAND will remove any material it, in its sole discretion, determines to be inappropriate.
Impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, especially MAND.
Sharing any material that is not yours to share or that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under a contractual or fiduciary relationship.
Transmitting any material that infringes upon a patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party.
MAND has the right to monitor, prohibit, restrict or block your access to any of its social media properties at any time and without notice, for any reason, and in our sole discretion. We also reserve the right to remove, delete or block any content or materials in our sole discretion, regardless of whether such material violates the standards set forth herein.
Please be aware that MAND may disclose any of your communications or activities, if required, by the lawful requests of federal and state governmental authorities, in relation to Patriot Act requests, judicial or administrative orders, or for the protection of the MAND's rights. In the event that MAND must exercise these rights, for any reason, we shall not be held liable by any party.
Content or material posted on MAND social media sites is considered the property of MAND. By posting on an Academy social media site, you agree to give MAND the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, edit, transmit, display, create derivative works from, or otherwise use for MAND's benefit any and all such content or material for any purpose, in any form and on any media.
By posting on a MAND social media site, you are acknowledging that you will assume all responsibility as it relates to your security, confidentiality and privacy risks that are inherent when sharing content over the Internet. When sharing content via the Internet you should think carefully with respect to your own privacy and that of your family.
We prohibit the sharing or transmittal of any content that contains product or service endorsements or any content that may be construed as requests for contributions, solicitations or political lobbying that are not part of the MAND's public policy and advocacy initiatives.
MAND social media sites are not to be used for solicitation of business or health care referrals.
By participating in MAND's social media sites, you further agree to accept and adhere to the terms of MAND's social media participation policy, as set forth herein. Failure to accept these terms will result in your inability to participate in MAND's social media communities.
MAND will update its social media policy frequently and without notice. The updated policy will govern your usage, and you must remain in compliance until the policy is updated once again. Please check back frequently to review our policy at regular intervals, as we make updates or changes to these guidelines. Your continued use and posting of content, on our social media sites, is acceptance to any and all modifications to this policy.
Content Advisory
Content on any MAND social media site is for informational purposes only. MAND does not warrant that the information contained in this website is complete, accurate, or current. This information is not intended to be, nor should it be considered, medical advice. You should contact a health care professional for advice concerning a particular health-related condition or concern.
Updated February 2016
Member login
Forgot your login?
Calendar of Events
Jan 19
January Board of Directors Meeting
Mar 16
March Board of Directors Meeting
Mar 23
MD-DHCC Spring Workshop
view all
Job Opportunities
Nutrition Educator
Univ of MD Extension/Maryland Snap-Ed
Registered Dietitian
Healthcare Services Group
Registered Dietitian
Unidine
post a job >
view all
Tweets by eatwellmd
STAY CONNECTED
facebook
twitter
Find A Dietitian
Click here to find a Maryland dietitian near you.
Find A Speaker
Click here to find a speaker.
Chesapeake Lines
The newest issue is available to download.