http://www.ebmt.org/terms-use
Skip to main content
Login to ProMISe
Login to the EBMT Patient & Donor Registry
Content editing
This login space is for Content Editors only. There is currently no member login for the site. The EBMT will alert all members when member login is established.
Shortcuts
Shortcuts
Annual Meeting
Working Parties
JACIE
MED-A/B Forms
Login
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Linkedin
Linkedin
Youtube
Youtube
Search
Main navigation
Menu
The EBMT
Who we are
Members
EBMT Board of Association
Scientific Council - Working Parties
EBMT Committees
EBMT Board of Counsellors
EBMT Offices & Staff
Honorary Members
What we do
Our Mission, Vision & Values
Media Corner
News
Newsletters
EBMT Partners
Data Privacy
GoCART Coalition
The Registry
How to Use the Registry
Data Collection
Data Submission
Data Retrieval
Data Sharing
Registry Education & Training
Transplant Activity Survey
Research
Publications
EBMT Publications list
Summary of recent EBMT Publications
My Paper of the Month
EBMT Studies
Current
studies list
Working Parties
Acute Leukaemia Working Party (ALWP)
Severe Aplastic Anaemia Working Party (SAAWP)
Autoimmune Diseases Working Party (ADWP)
Cellular Therapy & Immunobiology Working Party
(CTIWP)
Chronic Malignancies Working Party (CMWP)
Inborn Errors Working Party (IEWP)
Infectious Diseases Working Party (IDWP)
Lymphoma Working Party (LWP)
Paediatric Diseases Working Party (PDWP)
Transplant Complications Working Party (TCWP)
Statistics
Clinical Cases
Events
Annual Meeting 2021
Past Annual Meetings
Educational Events
Past Educational Events
Related Events & Media
Education
Apps
Document center
E-Materials
E-learning
Webinars
EBMT Handbook
EBMT Nurses Textbook
EBMT Exam
Nursing
Who we are
Working Party Nurses
Nursing Research Committee
Nursing Communication & Networking Committee
Nursing Scientific Committee
Nursing Paediatric Committee
Nursing Global Education Committee
Nursing Research
Nursing Education
Nursing Events
Accreditation
About JACIE
JACIE Standards
Current Edition
Applicants
Inspectors
How to Become an Inspector
Current Inspectors
Inspector Committee
JACIE Education
JACIE Surveys
Top
Back to top
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms of Use
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern EBMT’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term EBMT (European Group for Blood and Marrow Transplantation) or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is P.O. Box 3151, 6202 ND Maastricht, The Netherlands. Our company registration number is 41166105. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
Scope of this website
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Accuracy of material
EBMT makes best efforts to keep material on this web site up to date and accurate. If general errors, such as editorial errors are detected EBMT makes best efforts to correct them as appropriate. Documents published are as indicated, and sometimes they might not be in the final or formally accepted version.
No specific advice
Nothing in this web site is to be considered to constitute advice on specific cases, including medical advice, unless it is stated otherwise.
Use of material
Neither EBMT nor any person acting on its behalf is responsible for the use that might be made of the information contained in this web site. EBMT assumes no responsibility with regard to the use of material available on this web site. Users act at their own risk when using material on this web site and they are hereby urged to take necessary precautions when evaluating the usefulness and applicability of this material for their intended purposes.
Technical errors
In spite of EBMT’s best efforts, sometimes technical errors might occur. EBMT does not warrant the error-free operation of material as appropriate that it publishes on this web site. EBMT accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to material accessed, operated on or downloaded through this web site.
Copyright
Material includes data, text, software and multimedia, such as images and sound that might be made available or publicized through the EBMT web site.
Reproduction of material published on this web site is authorized, provided the source is acknowledged, unless it is stated otherwise. Where prior permission must be obtained for the reproduction or use of material published on this web site the above mentioned permission shall be cancelled and restrictions shall be imposed through a legal notice as appropriate published on that specific material. Enquiries regarding authorization for reproduction can be sent to info@ebmt.org.
The reproduction of the EBMT logo is permitted provided that the source is acknowledged and the logo is used for press and media related purposes. All other uses are prohibited unless permission is requested.
Links to other websites
This website includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Linkedin
Linkedin
Youtube
Youtube
© 2018 The European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. All rights reserved
Footer menu
ANBI Data
Patient Privacy Statement
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms of use
Contact us