http://www.mcmc.net/website-privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: November 24, 2014
We take your privacy seriously. This is why we want you to know how we
collect, use, share and protect your information. In addition to this
privacy policy, users of the Mid-Columbia Medical Center (MCMC) website
should review our Notice of Privacy Practices. This notice describes how
medical information about you may be used and disclosed, and how you can
get access to this information.
Review our Notice of Privacy Practices
This web privacy policy applies to mcmc.net and other Web locations under
MCMC’s control.
What Information we Collect
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the MCMC Website. We
do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you
choose to provide it. This may include, but is not limited to, your personally
identifiable information such as your name, address or e-mail address.
You may choose not to provide information.
If you choose to join the MCMC Social Media Online Communities, the privacy
policy and terms of use of that Website apply. We do, however, keep all
direct correspondence private (e.g. direct messages on Twitter or Facebook).
Any personal information given to us (e.g., via appointment request form
or event registration) is shared only with staff at MCMC who need this
information to respond to your question or request. Information submitted
through MCMC’s online forms may also be collected to provide you
with email communications, newsletters or related services. We do not
share, sell or rent your personal information.
Email Communications, Newsletter and Related Services
MCMC provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us
via third party software. You can sign up for a free email communications
and unsubscribe at any time. There is a link at the bottom of every email
that allows you to change your subscription settings.
Email communications that you send to us via the email links on our site
may be shared with a customer service representative, employee, medical
expert or agent that is most able to address your inquiry. We make every
effort to respond quickly to any and all communications received. Once
we have responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived,
depending on the nature of the inquiry.
You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications
from our Website. To stop receiving communications, send an email message
to socialmedia@mcmc.net or send regular mail to the following postal address:
Mid-Columbia Medical Center
Attn: Senior Digital Marketing Specialist
1700 East 19th Street
The Dalles, OR 97058
IP Addresses, Cookies and Tracking
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses are numbers automatically assigned to
your computer by your Internet Service Provider each time you access the
Internet. This number may change or may stay the same each time you go
online. The IP address is logged on the server of our Web service provider
when your computer requests information from the Website. Like many other
Websites, the MCMC Web service provider may use IP addresses to collect
aggregate information that is not linked with personal information about you.
MCMC and its Web service provider may use “cookies” to track
your site usage for security purposes or to target your interests in an
effort to enhance your experience on our site. Cookies are files that
help your browser remember certain information from the website so that
you can retrieve it later. Cookies transmit information back to the website
each time your browser requests a page from the site.
If you do not want to receive and store cookies from a website, you can
set your browser to not accept cookies. Consult the “help”
section of your browser for more information about turning the cookie
feature off. If you decide to turn off cookies, you may not be able to
access or use portions of the site or they may not display properly.
How we Use the Information we Collect
We Use the Information we Collect for Activities Such As:
Marketing and advertising products and services
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating about special events or surveys
Identifying you on our Websites and tailoring advertisements and offers
to you (both on our websites and others) based on your interactions with
us online.
Evaluating and improving our business
Data Retention
We may retain your information in order to resolve disputes or remarket
to you based on your previous interests.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other valid legal
processes, we will not share any personally identifiable information we
receive from you with any parties outside of MCMC.
We May Share Some Information to Third Parties
We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties
who we have engaged to help us provide specific services, like mailing
lists. In each case, we will ensure that these third parties have agreed
to not use or disclose your personal information except to help us provide
the services. MCMC, through its Web services provider, makes an effort
to ensure, but does not guarantee, that all third-party partners agree
to the same high level of privacy safeguards that MCMC, through its Web
services provider, provides to its Website users.
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors,
traffic patterns and related site information. These data reflect site-usage
patterns gathered during visits to our Website each month, but they do
not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual
member unless that member has given us permission to share that information.
To help us determine the effectiveness of MCMC advertising, we work with
Web analytics tools (e.g., Google analytics) hosted by third parties who
receive non-identifiable information from your browser, including but
not limited to the site or the advertisement you came from, your IP address,
your general geographic location, your browser and platform information,
and the pages you view within our site.
Here is a link to opt out of all Google Analytics:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Ads by Facebook
We may use Facebook’s remarketing ad program “Custom Audiences”
that uses non-identifiable data to better market to you on Facebook. This
Facebook ad feature allow us to reach people who have visited our website
and deliver the right message to them.
Ads by Google
We use AdWords Remarketing, which is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting
service provided by Google. It connects the activity of
www.mcmc.net with the Adwords advertising network, which allows us to remarketing to
people who have already visited our Websites.Â Read more about how
cookie tracking works here:
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
MCMC also pays for advertising with Google Ads based on searches people
make on Google. Ads are targeted based on location and keywords that are
searched. Google Ads also places our display and text ads on Websites
that have similar search criteria.
You may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting
the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ You may also opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s
Ads Settings here:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Links to Other Websites
Our Websites link to other Websites, many of which have their own privacy
policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you’re visiting.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes and MCMC
evolves. If we make significant changes to the privacy policy, we’ll
post a message on our Websites. You should check this Privacy Policy frequently
for any such changes; however, your continued use of the site shall constitute
acceptance of any modifications of the Privacy Policy.
MCMC’s use of information gathered or obtained, whenever used, is
subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such use.
Contact Information
Mid-Columbia Medical Center
Attn: Senior Digital Marketing Specialist
1700 East 19th Street
The Dalles, OR 97058
If you’ve contacted the Website about a privacy-related concern and
you do not believe your problem has been addressed, you may file a complaint
with MCMC Privacy Officer, Chelsea Bill. She can be reached by email at
chelseab@mcmc.net or on the phone at 541-506-7620.