http://www.leapfroggroup.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Last updated September 9, 2020.
Welcome to LeapfrogGroup.org (the “Site”), which is published by The Leapfrog Group ("Leapfrog"). This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and any other of our print publications, websites, digital services, digital tools or mobile or other applications on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears (collectively, the "Leapfrog Services"), all of which Leapfrog Services are provided by Leapfrog at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion. Leapfrog may change, suspend or discontinue any or all of the Leapfrog Services at any time. Leapfrog does not control and is not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, any third-party site to which the Leapfrog Services link or that links to any Leapfrog Services, and Leapfrog encourages you to read the privacy policy of each and every website that collects your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected about you and your devices when you engage with us. You agree that your use of the Leapfrog Services is subject to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy in its entirety, please do not use any Leapfrog Services.
Information Collected by Leapfrog
Leapfrog and third parties may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, company name, telephone number, mobile number, postal address, e-mail address, and credit card information so that we (on our own behalf or on behalf of third parties) or other third parties can provide you with the products and services you request or have agreed to receive.
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site (“Log Data”), such as your internet protocol ("IP") address (which is a unique numerical address that identifies your device when you access the Internet), geo-location, domain name, browser configuration, device type, unique device identifier, the type of operating system you are using, information about your Internet service provider, the date and time of your visit, whether you are a returning visitor, and any referring website.
Leapfrog uses this Log Data to analyze trends, monitor service traffic and usage patterns for internal marketing and security purposes.
If you wish to request more information about Leapfrog, you are required to provide contact information such as your name and email address. This information will be used by Leapfrog to contact you about our products and services.
Leapfrog will not sell, share or rent personal information that is collected on this Site in ways different than from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Information Use
Leapfrog uses your information as follows:
- for providing and improving the Site
- survey you to evaluate and improve the Leapfrog Services
- provide access to gated areas of the Site such as for webinars
- operate the Leapfrog Services
- provide your information as required by law
- update you on the Leapfrog Services and their benefits
- locator information which may include your name, email address, physical address and/or other data that enables someone to personally identify you. Leapfrog and your Internet Access Provider may use locator information as is necessary to enforce any of the terms of the Leapfrog Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy
Communications
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other relevant information. Leapfrog will store and maintain your personal information in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. We will also retain your information as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Data Security
We use commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information we collect online. Please note that since no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is completely secure, we are unable to guarantee security of your information.
Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts and other storage technologies to collect or receive information are used by Leapfrog and Leapfrog’s partners (such as Facebook), or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, providing measurement services, administering this Site, marketing our services and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Leapfrog and some advertisers, service providers and other third parties that help manage and optimize the Leapfrog Services may place cookies on your computer or mobile device in connection with your use of the Leapfrog Services.
"Cookies" are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies recognize your web browser; they do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying unless you have specifically provided such information. You can opt out of accepting cookies. While you can also disable cookies (follow your web browser's instructions to do so), it may interfere with the proper functioning of the Site.
The Site includes social media features which may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Site and may set a cookie to enable such features to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Site. Your interactions with such features are governed by the privacy policy of the organization providing it.
Donor Privacy Policy
Leapfrog will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by Leapfrog both online and offline, on any platform which includes the Site and mobile applications, as well as any electronic, written or oral communication. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Information for Users in Europe and Elsewhere Outside of the United States
If you use the Leapfrog Services outside of the United States, you understand that Leapfrog may collect, process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any transfers of personal information will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law. If applicable, you may have a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of relevant data protection laws.
Users in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of Leapfrog Services.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing
As explained above, Leapfrog processes personal data in various ways depending upon your use of Leapfrog Services. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Leapfrog Services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing Leapfrog Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.
Right to lodge a complaint
Users that reside in the EEA or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here.
Withdrawing Consent
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the use of technologies such as cookies to deliver relevant advertising on Leapfrog Services and across the internet, personalize content and perform site analytics, you should disable cookies on your browser by following your web browser's instructions. Once you do so, you will not be able to access Leapfrog Services unless you subsequently provide your consent for the use of such technologies.
Transfers
Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. Leapfrog will ensure that transfers of personal information to a non-EEA country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards.
Your Rights
You are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal data, which include the right to access and rectify your personal data and to request erasure of your personal data. To exercise these rights, contact info@leapfroggroup.org.
Children Under Age 13 (16 in EEA and Switzerland)
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to Leapfrog. Leapfrog does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without verified parental consent. In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe Leapfrog Services has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13, please contact us at info@leapfroggroup.org. For residents of the EEA and Switzerland, the provisions of this paragraph apply to children under the age of 16.
Compliance with Laws
Leapfrog will not disclose personal information to third parties other than as provided in this Privacy Policy, except when required to do so by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, or you have otherwise consented to additional use or disclosure of information. Leapfrog may also disclose your personal information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 3/28/2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of Leapfrog Services after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgement of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you no longer desire information regarding our products and services, you may correct, update, amend or ask to have the information removed by contacting us at:
Mailing Address: 1775 K Street NW, Suite 400 | Washington, D.C. 20006
Telephone: 202-292-6713
Fax: 202-292-6813
Email: info@leapfrog-group.org
Feedback
Subscribe
Health Care Transparency, Safety and Quality in Your Inbox
1
Start
2
Complete
Sign up for our monthly newsletter: *
I'm from a hospital
I'm from an ASC
I'm from a hospital
Click to view past newsletters
What content would you like to receive from us?
General Announcements
Monthly Newsletter
Key Updates for Hospitals
Key Updates for ASCs
Sign Me Up
Visit Newsletter
×
Print Settings
Print without header and footer.
Ok