http://www.icoph.org/privacy_policy.html
skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
International Council of Ophthalmology
Online Privacy Notice
Data protection and security are important to us, as is your trust in our association and services. The International Council of Ophthalmology ("ICO", "we", "us") is committed to process your personal data responsibly and in compliance with applicable data protection laws. This Online Privacy Notice describes how we collect and process your personal data when you use www.icoph.org (including any sub-sites thereof, such as the official website of the annual World Ophthalmology Congress, which is accessible through www.icoph.org/woc). A supplementary privacy notice WOC Privacy Notice describes, more specifically, how we collect and process personal data in connection with your participation in the World Ophthalmology Congress.
Personal data we collect and process in order to make this website available
You can visit our website and obtain information about our services without telling us who you are. As with any connection with a webserver, however, our server logs and temporarily stores certain technical data.
Such data includes the IP address and operating system of your device, the data and time of access, or the type of browser you use to access this website. This is required for technical reasons to make our website available to you. To the extent we, thereby, process personal data, we do so based on our interest to bring you the best possible user experience and to safeguard the security and stability of our systems.
Personal data we collect and process in order to respond to your requests
If you interact with registration or application forms on this website (e.g. registration for ICO events, newsletters, courses, workshops, or examinations, application for ICO Fellowships, or to access certain downloadable resources), we will collect the information that you provide to us.
This will regularly include your contact information, and (as the context may require) your profession as well as the organization you work for or represent. Further, if you register for paid services (e.g. courses, workshops, exams or conferences), we may ask for financial information to process payments.
We will use this personal data in order to respond to your requests, to process your registrations, applications or orders, or to follow up on you requests. Upon request, we will keep you informed about new developments, services or offers from the ICO. Where such processing of your personal data is not strictly necessary to perform our contractual obligations to you, we will do so based on our interests in communicating with you regarding our services and offers, responding to your requests, and developing, enhancing and improving our services as well as your experience.
Data we collect and process to analyze and improve the use of our website; use of cookies
In addition, based on our interest to bring you the best possible user experience, we analyze the use of our website to gain insight on how we may improve our services. Our website uses cookies (text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website) to support this analysis.
With the exception of your IP address, which may constitute personal data in some circumstances, this information is anonymous data. It may include information on the type of web browser or device you use to access the website, the geographical region where you access the website, the data and time of your access, and the parts of our websites you access.
We use Google Analytics and other analytics services to help us with this analysis. The web analytics services use cookies to collect data. The information generated thereby may be transmitted anonymously to and saved on the server of a web analytics services provider in the U.S. or elsewhere outside of the EU/EEA or Switzerland. By adjusting your web browser settings accordingly or by setting an opt-out cookie of the respective web analytics service you can prevent the service from storing cookies on your device and from collecting data. Note, however, that some functions of the website may be limited or unavailable if you disable the storing of cookies.
How we process and protect your personal data
We collect and process your personal data responsibly and in accordance with legal requirements. We process it only for the purposes for which you provide the personal data to us or as set forth in this Online Privacy Notice.
We apply technical and organizational security measures adequate to the risk to protect the confidentiality and integrity of the personal data collected through this website. We store your personal data only to the extent and for as long as this is necessary for ICO to fulfil the purposes for which the data was collected, or, when applicable, as long as ICO is legally required to retain the personal data.
With whom we share your personal data
In connection with the offers and services provided on the website, it may be necessary to share your personal data with external service providers, ICO member organizations or professionals.
Specifically, such sharing of data may be necessary to respond to your inquiry, to provide access to additional information, to manage your participation in courses, events, or ICO Fellowships, to assess your performance at an exam, or to follow up on your inquiry and inform you on new services or offers.
The data sharing may include transfers to companies or organizations in countries without an adequate standard of data protection. In these cases, we transfer personal data on the terms of an agreement that provides sufficient safeguards for data protection and security.
The rights you have regarding your personal data
You have certain individual rights regarding the personal data that we collect and process about you through the website.
You have the right to access or receive certain information about the personal data we process about you. You also have a right to have your personal data rectified, to object to the processing of your personal data, or to ask us to restrict processing or delete your personal data. Please note, however, that your rights are subject to exceptions or derogations. Specifically, we may need to further process and retain your personal data to perform a contract with you or your company, organization or hospital, or to comply with legal obligations. Lastly, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority.
Who we are and how to contact us
ICO is the controller in relation to the collection and processing of personal data through this website. ICO is an association incorporated under the laws of Switzerland. Our Head Quarters are in San Francisco.
If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us at info@icoph.org or by writing to the International Council of Ophthalmology, 711 Van Ness Ave, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States of America.
How we can change this Online Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to change this Online Privacy Notice at any time. The version published on our website is the applicable version.
Updated May 2018
Refocusing EducationOverview
ICO Exams
More Information
Types of Exams
Subspecialty ExaminationsFoundation AssessmentVisual Sciences (Part A) Visual Sciences + Optics, Refraction, and Instruments (Part A & B)Optics, Refraction, and Instruments (Part B)Optics, Refraction and Instruments only (Part B)Clinical Ophthalmology (Part C)Advanced ExaminationApplications and Fees
Pay Online
Advanced Exam Results
Forms and Resources
Find Your Exams Center
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact ICO Exams
Terms & Conditions
ICO Fellowships
More Information
How to Apply
Fellowship Host Directory
Fellowship Application Documents and Report Forms
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Alumni Profiles
Contact ICO Fellowships
Fellowship News
Educational Programs
Residency
Subspecialty
Medical Student
Allied Health
Continuing Professional
E-Learning
Ophthalmic Educators
Resources
World Ophthalmology Congress®
Overview
WOC2018
Future Congresses
Past Congresses
Regional Training Centers
Enhancing Eye CareOverview
Advocacy
World Health Organization
Vision 2020
Cost of Blindness
International Clinical Guidelines
Diabetic Eye Care
Translations
Glaucoma
Translations
Uncorrected Refractive Error
Eye Care Standards, Ethics & Research
Data on Ophthalmologists Worldwide
ICD-11
Advancing LeadershipOverview
Ophthalmologic Societies
Eye Care Organizations
Ophthalmic Educators
Organizational Development
Leadership Development / WORLD
ICO Commitments & Programs
NewsRecent News
ICO Insight
Ophthalmic Educators Letter
ICO-OEG Quarterly
WOC E-blasts
For the Media
News Archive
Submit a News Item
Newsletter Signup
ResourcesOverview
Webcasts
Conference for Ophthalmic Educators Webcasts
Advocacy Workshop 2011 Webcasts
WOC 2010 Webcasts
Submit a Resource
EventsOverview
Submit an Event
World Ophthalmology Congress®
ConnectionsOverview
ICO Community Members
Ophthalmologic Societies
Interest Groups
RSS
Find Us:
Follow Us:
Link With Us:
Watch Videos:
Follow Us:
MembershipOverview
ICO Members
Membership and Benefits
Criteria and Expectations
Apply For Membership
Pay Your Membership Dues
About the ICOOverview
ICO Commitments & Programs
ICO Board
ICO Committees
Staff Members
ICO Program Update
Award and Medal Recipients
Governing Documents & Policies
History of International Ophthalmology, 1982-2007
What Are Ophthalmologists?
Contact Us
Text size
Accessibility
Login
Create an Account…It’s Fast and Free! Learn More
Stay connected:
© 2020 International Council of Ophthalmology
Home
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Web site design and web development by D3 Solutions