https://www.worlddownsyndromeday2.org/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Down Syndrome International
0044 (0) 1395 493108
About WDSD
What is Down syndrome?
Shop for socks
About WDSD
What is Down syndrome?
Shop for socks
Terms and conditions
Copyright
All rights, including copyright and database right, in DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL’s website and its contents, are owned by or licensed to DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL, or otherwise used by DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL as permitted by applicable law.
DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL freely gives permission to reproduce original, unmodified material from our website. Please credit this: “Reproduced from DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL website (worlddownsyndromeday.org)” with a link to our website. Permission is NOT given to use DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL website copy or hard copy materials for commercial purposes. Permission to reproduce other materials must be solicited from the original copyright owners.
Terms and Conditions
Access to, and use of, this site is provided by DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL subject to the following Terms and Conditions:
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions, which take effect immediately on your first use of the site. DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online.
You are responsible for reviewing regular information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided “AS IS” and on an “IS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. In no event will DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials. The names, images and logos identifying DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL, or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL, and/or third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right under any trademark or patent of DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL, or any other third party.
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to this site (including without limitation any text, graphics, video or audio) you are required by such submission to grant DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, consistent with privacy restrictions set forth in DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL’s Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to grant such rights to DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site. By submitting your contribution to this site, you also warrant that such contribution is; your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL for all the purposes specified above; is not defamatory; and does not infringe any law. You will indemnify DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and agree to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the DOWN SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL site and the other purposes specified above. If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the contents of this website and therefore should cease using this website immediately.
Down Syndrome International, Langdon Down Centre, 2A Langdon Park, Teddington, Middlesex, TW11 9PS, United Kingdom
Registered Charity no. 1091843
World Down Syndrome Day
© 2020 World Down Syndrome Day
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Website coordinated by: