http://www.hl7.org/legal/index.cfm?ref=nav
About
About HL7
HL7 Agreements
Legal Policies & Trademarks
Annual Report
FAQs
People & Organizations
Board of Directors
Advisory Council
International Council
HL7 Affiliates
HL7 Europe Office
Technical Steering Committee
HL7 Facilitators
HL7 Co-Chairs
HL7 Staff
Awards & Scholarships
Strategic Goals & Objectives
Standards
Intro to HL7 Standards
Master Grid of Standards
Primary Standards
Standards for Trial Use
Clinical & Admin Domains
Implementation Guides
Reference Information Model
Rules & Reference
US Regulations References
HL7 ANSI Approved Standards
ISO Approved HL7 Standards
IP Policy
Membership
Why Join HL7?
Benefactor Membership
Gold Membership
Organizational Membership
Individual Membership
My Account
My HL7 Dashboard
Benefactor Members
Gold Members
Global Membership Directory
Organizational Directory
Resources
Resources Overview
Balloting
Certification Directory
Confluence
Elections
HL7 Store
Jira
Jobs Board
Listservs
OID Registry
Procedures
Templates
Tools & Resources
TSC Guidance
Wiki (retired)
Work Groups
Events
All Events
Clinical Information Interop Council
FHIR Connectathons
HL7 FHIR DevDays
Payer Summits
Sponsors
Policy Conferences
Working Group Meetings
Conference Calls
Harmonization Meetings
HIMSS
Training
Individual Training
Corporate Training
Education Calendar
Education On Demand
HL7 Educators
HL7 Fundamentals
HL7 FHIR Fundamentals
HL7 FHIR Intermediate
HL7 FHIR Proficiency Prep
Certification
HL7 CDA
HL7 FHIR
HL7 Version 2
HL7 Version 3
Certification Directory
Introduction to HL7 Flash Tour
HL7 Organizational Chart (pptx)
Guide to Using HL7 Trademarks
Annual Report
Agreements
Contact Us
FAQs
HL7 Bylaws
Legal Policies & Trademarks
People and Organizations
Home > About HL7 > Legal Policies & Trademarks
Legal Policies, Intellectual Property and Trademarks
Find legal information and resources related to HL7 products and services.
HL7 Corporate Name
Health Level Seven International
3300 Washtenaw Avenue
Suite 227
Ann Arbor, MI 48104- 4261
USA
Phone: +1 734 677 7777
Fax: +1 734 677 6622
HL7, Health Level Seven, CDA, FHIR, and the FHIR [FLAME DESIGN] are registered trademarks of Health Level Seven International. Reg. U.S. Pat & TM Off.
Need Help?
Contact us with trademark questions
Reporting Abuse
If you see a HL7 FHIR mark being used in any way that could be infringing or is contrary to HL7 Trademark Policy please contact us. We really appreciate your help!
Policies & Procedures
Agreements
Bylaws
Global Membership Directory Terms of Use
Governance & Operations Manual (pdf)
Issue & Policy Statements
Policies & Procedures
Privacy Policy
Website Terms & Conditions
Licensing, TMs and IP Guidelines
Request HL7 Trademarked Logos
Guide to Using HL7 Trademarks
Intellectual Property Policy
HL7 IP Policy FAQs
What is "Fair Use"?
HL7 FHIR Trademark FAQs
HL7 FHIR Trademark Policy (pdf)
HL7 FHIR Community Use License
HL7 FHIR Product License
Current Patent Disclosures
Listserv Rules of Conduct
As a vendor-neutral organization, HL7 prohibits the use of its list servers to announce, advertise or endorse companies and/or vendors and their specific products, services, and/or events. This policy helps maintain a cooperative, open and non-competitive environment for the development of our standards. HL7 would prefer that conversation which denigrates or promotes specific vendors be avoided. In addition, HL7 will not tolerate the use of any profanity on the lists and failure to comply will result in a remove from our list services. We ask all list server participants to respect this policy and the other list server subscribers. Those who cannot respect this policy will be removed from the HL7 list servers.
Code of Conduct
HL7 International is committed to providing an open community that welcomes all participants and provides them with a pathway to understand and effectively engage with the HL7/FHIR communities. This Code of Conduct applies when participating in HL7 or FHIR activities or meetings, or while representing HL7 at in-person or virtual meetings.
It also applies when using HL7/FHIR community communication and collaboration spaces such as Zulip, HL7 List Serves, Confluence, JIRA, etc.
By adopting this Code of Conduct, participants pledge to respect all people who contribute to the activities of HL7/FHIR communities and to commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles.
HL7 and its participants are committed to a harassment-free environment for everyone, regardless of level of experience, professional background, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or nationality. Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:
The use of sexualized language or imagery
Personal attacks
Trolling or using insulting/derogatory/demeaning comments
Public or private disrespect or harassment
Publishing other's private information, such as physical or electronic addresses, without explicit permission
Any other conduct deemed unethical or unprofessional.
HL7/FHIR Community participants have the right and responsibility to report any instance of harassment, abuse or otherwise unacceptable behavior that is not aligned with this Code of Conduct to the HL7 CTO and/or Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Chair. The CTO and/or TSC Chair, with guidance from the TSC as appropriate, may choose to remove, edit, or reject any contributions associated with such instances.
The CTO and/or TSC Chair is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the individual reporting such an incident.
Further, the CTO and/or TSC Chair may recommend to the HL7 Executive Committee that an HL7/FHIR Community participant be banned temporarily or permanently for behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful. The decision of the Executive Committee in such instances shall be final.