http://www.akcchf.org/about-us/privacy-policy.html
Main Menu
About Us
Who We Are
How We Work
Financials
News & Press
Partners
Canine Health
Top Health Concerns
For Your Dog's Health
Resources
Epilepsy Initiative
Tick-Borne Disease Initiative
Hemangiosarcoma Initiative
Educational Resources
Podcasts
CHF and VetVine Webinar Series
Articles & Newsletters
For Breeders
For Veterinary Professionals
Educational Grants
Genetic Consultation
Research
Our Research
Our Impact
Research Program Areas
Participate in Research
For Researchers
How to Help
Become a Member
Purina Parent Club Partnership Program
Purchase a brick at the Purina Event Center
Attend Events
Send a Tribute
Other Ways to Give
Endowment Fund
DONATE
Home > About Us
>
Privacy Statement & Disclaimer
Privacy Statement & Disclaimer
CHF Website Privacy Statement
I.          Scope of this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information American Kennel Club Canine Health Foundation, Inc. (“CHF,” “us,” “we” or “our”) collects through our web sites that link to this Privacy Statement, including without limitation www.akcchf.org and any related sub domain names (the “Site”). Unless specifically noted herein, this Privacy Statement does not govern our collection of personal information through any website or other means, other than through the Site.
By using the Site, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, our practices surrounding the collection, use, and sharing of personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not access, browse, or use the Site.
II.         Personal Information We Collect
A.            Actively Collected Information
Personal information includes information that identifies you, whether directly or indirectly. CHF requests and collects personal information from our users at various site locations and instances, including, but not limited to, when you submit information or request information from us, fulfill promotions, contests or sweepstakes entries, or use the services offered through the Site, such as signing up to receive e-newsletters, making a donation to CHF, or signing up to receive notification of educational materials, podcasts, webinars, or news announcements. These are currently the primary ways in which we gather information; however, we may also collect data through other channels in the future.
The types of personal information we may actively collect from you can vary according to the method through which it was attained. It may include, but is not limited to, the following:
Full name
Postal address
Email address
Telephone number
Billing information and payment details (such as billing address, credit card details, and other sensitive financial information, specifically and only for the purpose of completing your transaction)
Username and password, if you choose to register with the Site
Location and geographic information that could be collected if you use our mobile site or app
Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties
If you opt not to provide us with personal information you can still access the Site, however you may be unable to receive certain services, participate in certain promotions, such as promotions, contests or sweepstakes, or create login credentials in order to use certain functionalities on the Site.
How We Protect Your Information:
When you make a donation or place an order through the Site, your transaction it is processed using a secure server to protect your sensitive information. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input.  Your information is used to process the donation, process and send order(s), bill credit cards, and to contact the customer when necessary. Full credit card information is not retained.
Our Commitment to Our Donors:
We will not sell, rent or trade our donors' names or personal information to any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by CHF, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
B.            Passively Collected Information
We may collect certain information about your use of the Site through the use of tracking technologies or by other passive means. This “passively collected” information includes, but is not limited to, the domain name of the website that allowed you to navigate to the Site, search engines used, the internet protocol (“IP”) address used, your Media Access Control address, the length of time spent on the Site, the pages you looked at on the Site, other websites you visited before and after visiting the Site, your browser type and version, the frequency of your visits to the Site, and other relevant statistics, including the following:
Log Information. When you access the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address (or the proxy server you use to access the internet), location data, browser type, browser language, your computer operating system name and version, your computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, device manufacturer, model and language, your mobile device and mobile operating system, the name of your internet service provider or your mobile carrier, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies (small text files containing a string of characters) that may uniquely identify your browser.
Navigation Information. When you visit or access the Site we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came (known as a “referring URL”) and the site to which you are going when you leave the Site. Additionally, advertisers receive the URL of the page you were on when you click on an ad on the Site. The Site may include links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether you have clicked on a link or opened an email from us. We use this information to improve the quality and usability of our Site.
Location Data. We may also receive location data passed to us from location-enabled devices or from third-party services. You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. Even after you opt out, service providers may collect device-specific information (such as a unique device identifier) when you use our Site.
Cookies. When you visit or access the Site, we send one or more cookies (small text files containing a string of characters) to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of the Site by storing user preferences and tracking user trends. We also use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Site. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to log in to your account and you will not be able to use certain features available through the Site.
Adobe Flash is another technology that can provide cookie-equivalent functionality. Adobe Flash is capable of storing information on your device (in a file outside of your browser). Please note that not all browsers provide the ability to remove Adobe Flash "cookies" (also called "locally stored objects," or "LSOs"). You can restrict or block Adobe Flash cookies/LSOs through the Adobe website. As with any cookie, if you do restrict flash cookies/LSOs, there may be some Site features you aren't able to use.
We may also use analytics applications such as Google Analytics to help us collect and analyze this information. Google Analytics uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use.  You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Web Beacons. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are 1x1 single-pixel graphics that allow us to count the number of users who have visited or accessed the Site and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. We may employ web beacons and other similar technologies to facilitate Site administration and navigation, to track the actions of users of the Site, to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates, and to provide an enhanced online experience for visitors to the Site. We may also include web beacons and other similar technologies in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened.
III.        How We Use Personal Information
Personal information collected through the Site may be used by CHF and its affiliates and service providers for purposes of:
Sending you information about CHF, our affiliates and partners;
Personalizing your interactions with CHF, such as to customize your web and email content based on your interests and otherwise target content and communications to you;
Responding to your questions and inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations or send you information about a project;
Contacting you, whether by email or postal mail, with information about the Site;
Contacting you about our products, services, and promotions or those of our affiliates, partners or other third parties from time to time;
Sending you email newsletters you request;
Auditing, research, and analysis to maintain, protect, and improve the Site and our product and service offerings;
Tailoring advertisements to you;
Creating a profile based on the information you have provided
Ensuring the technical functions of our network;
Developing new products and services;
Processing your donations and inquiries;
Responding to your requests and improving the Site;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
Compiling personal information and other information collected through the Site on an aggregate basis;
Administering promotions, sweepstakes and contests;
Partnering with other professional organizations to provide special services to you and our donors;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
IV.        Personal Information We Share
We do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share personal information collected through the Site, except as described below:
Affiliates and Partners. We may share personal information collected through the Site with our affiliates and partners for the purposes for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.
Service Providers. We work with third parties that provide services on our behalf. For example, we may use third parties for services that include, but are not limited to, processing donations, log-in registration, website and email hosting, marketing, website analytics and advertising. We may share personal information and non-personal information collected through the Site with these third parties so that these third parties can provide services on our behalf. CHF is not responsible for the conduct of any third parties who provide services on our behalf, and we expressly disclaim all liability for damages of any kind arising out of the action or inaction of such third parties.
Marketing. We enter into certain select marketing relationships with advertisers and other companies that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to users of the Site. We will share personal information or any information collected through the Site with those marketing partners in order to help them send you information that we believe will be of interest to you.
Non-Private or Non-Personal Information. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of people who visited or accessed the Site or the number of profiles created by users of the Site.
Internet Based Advertising and Tracking. We may participate in Interest-based and behavioral advertising. This means that you may see advertising on the Site tailored to how you engage, browse or shop, or you may see advertising for us on other websites, applications and social media based on your behavior across websites, applications and social media. We may target ads based on data we have collected, or data provided by third parties alone or in combination with the data we collect ourselves. If you choose to interact with specific third parties who advertise through the Site, the information you provide to them is subject to the conditions of their specific privacy policies.
In connection with the foregoing activities, third parties, often called “ad servers” or “ad networks,” may place and access cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technology on your device to collect information about your use of the Site and your use of third-party sites. The information about your use of the Site may be combined with information about your use of third-party websites to provide targeted advertisements and content that may be of interest to you (this is known as “behavioral advertising”). The information they collect from the Site may identify you personally, or they may associate it with personal information collected in other ways or received from other third parties. We do not control these third parties or their use of cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technology.
By using the Site you agree to usage tracking and targeted, behavioral advertising. If you do not wish to have cookies track your usage for these purposes please see the Section II.B of this Privacy Statement to refuse all or some browser cookies or do not use the Site.
Some advertisers may provide you with the choice to opt-out of having your information used for behavioral advertising. If you would like more information about behavioral advertising, or for information about how to opt-out of behavioral advertising, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”) consumer Web site at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising, and in particular, NAI’s Ad Network “Opt-Out” page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Even if you opt-out of behavioral advertising, we may still collect and use information about your use of the Site to the extent otherwise permitted by this Privacy Statement (such as to analyze Site traffic and usage, conduct website analytics, administer the Site, etc.). In addition, if you opt-out of receiving behavioral advertising from a particular advertiser, the advertiser may still provide advertisements to you, but the ad will not be targeted to you based on your online activities.
Do Not Track. Our Site does not currently recognize “Do Not Track” browser signals or mechanisms.   However, as described in Section II.B of this Privacy Statement, you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Consent. We may share personal information in accordance with any consent you provide.
Legal. We may disclose personal information or any information collected through the Site if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in response to a request from government officials or law enforcement authorities, or as necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity.
Certain Transactions. We may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through the Site to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our stock or assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Public Information. Note that any information which you upload, post, e-mail, submit or otherwise transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site to a public message board, chat area or other public area of the Site becomes public information. You are solely responsible for any such information you choose to post on or through the Site, and you may always choose not to divulge any personal information to the public when posting to a message board, chat area or other public area of the Site. All information that is posted to a message board, chat area, or other public area of the Site may be shared by us with others.
Contests and Sweepstakes. When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, administrators, operators or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers’, administrators’, operators’ or sponsors’ privacy policies or practices.
V.         Aggregate Information
We may compile personal information and other information collected through the Site on an aggregate basis. This information may include, without limitation, the number of users who have registered for the Site and demographic information about users of the Site. Such aggregate information does not identify you individually. We may use aggregate information and share aggregate information with third parties for any of the purposes specified in this Privacy Statement, or for any other lawful purpose.
VI.        Opt Out
To the extent that you are receiving communications from the Site you have the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of future communications. You may unsubscribe or opt-out of future messages as follows:
If you no longer want to receive communications from CHF, call CHF at 888-682-9696, or email CHF at chf@akcchf.org with the subject line “Opt Out,” to tell us you do not want to receive communications from CHF.
If you no longer wish to receive emails you may click on the hyperlink titled “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing related email sent to you by CHF, and then follow the directions to unsubscribe from email.
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from CHF. Erase all CHF cookies from your hard drive. If you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Site may be limited.  Further, in the event you choose not to share information, CHF will be unable to respond to your request.
VII.           Updating Information
We encourage registered users of the Site to keep their personal information current. You may access, edit or delete certain personal information you have provided about you by logging into your profile at www.akcchf.org/login.
VIII.      Information Storage and Security
We employ reasonable security precautions to protect personal information about you. We use secure socket layer (SSL) software to encrypt certain types of information, such as payment card information, when transmitting information between your browser and the Site. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure. As a result, although we strive to protect personal information about you, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Site. If you have reason to believe that personal information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately by contacting us in accordance with the last section below.
IX.        A Special Note about Children
Children are not eligible to use the Site, and we ask that minors (children under the age of 13) not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use the Site only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
X.         External Links
The Site contains links to various websites that CHF does not control. When you click on one of these links, you will no longer be transacting business through the Site. Third party websites maintain their own privacy policies, and we do not exercise any control over any of the third party websites that may be linked to the Site. If you visit a website that is linked to the Site, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of personal information about you.
XI.        Special Admonitions for International Use
The Site is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to the Site are governed exclusively by the laws of the State of New York in the United States of America and not the jurisdiction in which you are located. If you are located outside of the United States of America and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize such transfer.
XII.       Updates to this Privacy Statement
We may change or update the Site or any of our policies and procedures without prior notice. We will post a notice on this Site to advise you of any significant changes to this Privacy Statement and indicate at the bottom of this Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated. Your continued use of the Site signifies your continued assent to the terms of this Privacy Statement, as updated or amended at that time.
XIII.   Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Statement, please send us an email to chf@akcchf.org.
Last Updated:  May 19, 2016
Disclaimer
CHF Web SiteCHF presents the information on this web site as a service to our users. While the information on this Site is about canine health, it is not intended to replace the advice of a veterinarian. Moreover, due to the rapidly changing nature of canine health research, veterinary science and our reliance on information provided by outside sources, we make no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this Site or at other sites to which we link. CHF Products, Materials, InformationThis contains information which is proprietary property of CHF. CHF has invested money, time and effort to develop this information. Such property includes but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, and information about research and technology. These are provided in the form of text, graphic, audio, video, downloads, links or other media formats (collectively hereafter known as Services and Materials). CHF retains all rights to such Services and Materials. CHF grants you no license or property rights to any such Services and Materials. All CHF Services and Materials are copyrighted.
About Us
Mission and Goals
Who We Are
How We Work
Financials
News & Press
Awards and Scholarships
Help Future Generations of Dogs
Participate in canine health research by providing samples or by enrolling in a clinical trial. Samples are needed from healthy dogs and dogs affected by specific diseases.
Learn How to Help
Connect With Us:
Get Canine Health News:
Canine Health
Top Health Concerns
For Your Dog’s Health
Canine Cancer
Tick-borne Disease
Hemangiosarcoma
Epilepsy
Educational Resources
Podcasts
Webinars
For Breeders
For Veterinary Professionals
Articles and Newsletters
Educational Grants
Genetic Consultation
Research
Our Research
Our Impact
Participate in Research
For Researchers
Research Program Areas
American Kennel Club Canine Health Foundation, Inc
8051 Arco Corporate Dr. Suite 300 Raleigh, NC 27617 (888)-682-9696
Tax ID# 13-3813813
© 2020 AKC Canine Health Foundation
|
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
Site by Blackbaud, Inc.
nonprofit software