http://www.southpointehospital.org/about/website/privacy-practices
CORONAVIRUS: DELAYS FOR ROUTINE SURGERIES, VISITOR RESTRICTIONS + COVID-19 TESTING.
South Pointe Hospital
Serving the needs of Warrensville Heights and the surrounding southeast communities of Cuyahoga County since 1957.
South Pointe Hospital
Our Doctors
Choose by name, specialty, city and more.
Find a Doctor
Getting to South Pointe
Download a map and driving directions.
Getting to South Pointe
Get Directions
Guest Services
Find out what we offer.
See Guest Services
Call us at 216.491.6000
South Pointe Hospital
20000 Harvard Rd.
Warrensville Heights, Ohio 44128
View Map
Visiting Hours
For our patients' safety and well-being, we have established visiting hours for various areas of the hospital. Before visiting, please review our visiting hour guidelines.
Why choose
Cleveland Clinic
Cleveland Clinic is ranked as one of the
nation's top hospitals by U.S. News & World Report.
Our Specialties
Our Specialties
South Pointe Hospital provides a full spectrum of specialties and programs to meet your medical needs.
View All Specialties
View All Specialties
Proud to be a Magnet® Hospital
Proud to be a Magnet® Hospital
Awarded by the American Nurses Credentialing Center This designation is the highest honor an organization can receive for professional nursing practice. Learn More About Nursing
Community Teaching Hospital Provides Patient-centered Care
Community Teaching Hospital Provides Patient-centered Care
South Pointe Hospital, a Cleveland Clinic hospital, is a 173-registered bed acute care, community teaching hospital serving the healthcare needs of Cleveland's southeast suburbs since 1957. It is located on Harvard Road, just minutes from I-480 and the I-271 Harvard interchange.
By combining the talents of highly qualified physicians, nurses and staff, South Pointe Hospital delivers a patient-centered model of care which promotes the healing of the mind, body and spirit. Thank you for allowing us to serve you.
Learn more about South Pointe Hospital
Patient & Visitor Resources
Accepted Insurance Plans
View our list of accepted insurance and contracted managed care plans at Cleveland Clinic.
Check Accepted Insurance
Visiting South Pointe Hospital
Find important information about visiting hours, identification, contacting a patient and more.
Plan Your Visit
Connect With Your Community
Get updates about Cleveland Clinic, find home remedies and know when to see a doctor.
Like Us on Facebook
Cleveland Clinic
News & More
Show More
Call Appointment Center 24/7
866.320.4573
Questions
216.444.2200
Request an Appointment
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Snapchat