https://www.jrmc.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Website Privacy Policy
This website, www.jrmc.org, is owned and operated by Jefferson Hospital Association, Inc. d/b/a Jefferson Regional Medical Center (referred to as JRMC). This privacy policy applies only to this site. Within this site you may see links to other websites. These sites are not owned or operated by JRMC and this policy does not cover those linked websites. You are solely responsible for any contact you have with those sites.
The following explains how we handle the information we learn from you when you visit the JRMC website. The type of information we receive from you depends on what you do in the site and which pages you view during your visit.
Web Server
Our web server collects and stores the following general information about you:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, if you are connecting from a Microsoft Network account).
The IP address of your computer.
The date and time you access our website.
The pages you visit.
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to us.
The name and release number of web browser software you are using.
The key words and search engines that led you to our site.
Online Forms & Email Communication
We do not obtain personal information (for example, name, address, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, etc.) about you when you visit the JRMC website unless you choose voluntarily to provide such information to us.
If you identify yourself either by sending JRMC an e-mail or by registering to receive information from us, then there are a few things you should know.
Various people at JRMC may see the information that you submit.
Your information may be entered into our electronic database in order to share it with our physicians, other care professionals, researchers or Internet services staff.
In other limited situations, including requests from legal authorities, we may be required by law to disclose information that you submit.
We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of electronic mail (e-mail) and other Internet communications. You should be aware that e-mail and other Internet communications channels are not secure and might be intercepted by third parties. If the information you want to send to us is sensitive or includes information regarding your diagnosis or medical history, then you should send it by postal mail instead.
We will not sell, lease, transfer, share or otherwise allow access to your personal information to any outside parties except as we have explained in this policy or as we tell you at the time you provide the information.
We may use, sell or otherwise share with others, aggregated data (which does not identify you) and other details regarding our site’s usage and traffic patterns.
If you do not agree with how we will use and disclose your personal information, do not provide any personal information to this site.
Security
JRMC has implemented security measures to protect the privacy of your information. However, there are no systems that are 100% secure or error-free. Therefore, we do not guarantee the security or accuracy of the information we gather. Our private network is protected by a firewall.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy at any time. If we do change the privacy policy, the new policy will be posted here, indicating the date it was changed. All personal information that we collect after we post the new policy will be used or disclosed as explained in the new policy. We will not use or disclose the personal information that you provided before the new policy was posted in a different way without first getting your consent. If you do not give us your consent, we will handle your personal information as you instruct us. You should check this policy often and before you provide any personal information to us via this website.
Your continued use of this site constitutes your agreement to the privacy policy. This policy was last revised on July 18, 2003.
Contacting This Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this website, you can send an e-mail to healthbytes@jrmc.org or send mail to the following postal address: JRMC Marketing & Communication, 1600 West 40th Avenue, Pine Bluff, AR 71603
About JRMCCloser to Home
Blog & News
Patient Testimonials
School of Nursing
Healthbytes Signup
About Jefferson Regional
About Our Employees
About Our Community
Annual Report
Community Involvement
Educational Opportunities
Health Needs Assessment
Leadership
Accreditations and Licensing
Let's Connect
Register for Our Newsletter
Jefferson Regional Medical Center
1600 West 40th Ave, Pine Bluff, AR 71603
© 2018 Jefferson Regional Medical Center. All Rights Reserved.
Need help or have questions?
Call us at 870-541-7100
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Statement
Notice of Nondiscrimination
×
NEWSLETTER FORM GOES HERE
×
How Can We Help You
Search
More results...
JRMC
Find A DoctorServicesPatients & VisitorsAboutCareersContactNewsGiving + SupportReferring ProvidersPatient PortalEmployee/Board
× Close Panel