https://www.kennesaw.edu/privacy.php
Kennesaw State University
Search KSU
MyKSU
A-Z Index
Directories
Campus Maps
Apply
Visit
Give
Search
Menu
About KSU
Academics
Admissions
Athletics
Campus Life
Research
Global
About
Academics
Admissions
Athletics
Campus Life
Research
Global
Apply
Visit
Give
Search KSU
Privacy Statement
Kennesaw State University (KSU) is committed to ensuring the privacy of your information.
KSU collects two kinds of information on this site:  1) Information that is voluntarily
supplied by visiting the site and enrolling in programs and 2) Information that is
automatically collected as you navigate the site. Information automatically collected
includes the user’s IP address, date and time of the website access along with the
web pages(s) visited. In addition, KSU may also collect any information that it receives
from your web browser, including browser type and version, and operating system.
This information helps us understand aggregate uses of our site, track usage trends
and improve our services. Additionally, university web sites use cookies to collect
certain information. Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent by our Website
to your Web browser. They are stored on your computer and are used to improve your
web experience and improve the availability of web content. We may also use cookies
to pre-fill forms so that you do not need to re-enter data. Accepting a cookie does
not give us access to your computer or any personal information about you.
Any information submitted via the website will only be used for the purposes stated
on the submission page. KSU will not share your information with third parties except:
as required by law, as necessary to protect Institutional interests in the course
of an investigation, as necessary to further research efforts pursuant to approvals
from the appropriate data stewards and the Institutional Review Board, and/or with
contracted service providers acting on behalf of the university who have agreed to
protect the confidentiality of the data.
Links within the university website may direct you to other Websites that we do not
control. Kennesaw State University is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies,
actions, Web content, services or products of non-KSU sites to which we link. These
links are not intended to, nor do they constitute, an endorsement by KSU of the linked
materials.
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) Privacy Notice
(Lawful Basis for Collecting and Processing of Personal Data)
Kennesaw State University is an institute of higher education involved in education,
research, and community engagement. In order for KSU to educate its students both
in class and on-line, engage in world-class research, and provide community services,
it is essential, necessary, and KSU has lawful bases to collect, process, use, and
maintain data of its students, employees, applicants, research subjects, and others
involved in its educational, research, and community programs. The lawful bases include,
without limitation, admission, registration, delivery of classroom, on-line, and study
abroad education, grades, communications, employment, applied research, development,
program analysis for improvements, and records retention. Examples of data that KSU
may need to collect in connection with the lawful bases are: name, email address,
IP address, physical address or other location identifier, photos, as well as some
sensitive personal data obtained with prior consent.
For more information regarding the EU GDPR, please review Kennesaw State’s EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy.
The majority of KSU’s collection and processing of personal data will fall under the
following categories:
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by KSU
or third parties in providing education, employment, research and development, and
community programs.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject
is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering
into a contract. This lawful basis pertains primarily but not exclusively to research
contracts.
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which KSU is subject.
The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for
one or more specific purposes.  This lawful basis pertains primarily, but not exclusively,
to the protection of research subjects.
There will be some instances where the collection and processing of personal data
will be pursuant to other lawful bases.
Individual Rights of the Data Subject under the EU GDPR
Individual data subjects covered by KSU’s EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance
Policy will be afforded the following rights:
information about the controller collecting the data
the data protection officer contact information
the purposes and legal basis/legitimate interests of the data collection/processing
recipients of the personal data
if KSU intends to transfer personal data to another country or international organization
the period the personal data will be stored
the existence of the right to access, rectify incorrect data or erase personal data,
restrict or object to processing, and the right to data portability
the existence of the right to withdraw consent at any time
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (established in the EU)
why the personal data are required, and possible consequences of the failure to provide
the data
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling
if the collected data are going to be further processed for a purpose other than that
for which it was collected
Note: Exercising of these rights is a guarantee to be afforded a process and not the
guarantee of an outcome.
Any data subject who wishes to exercise any of the above-mentioned rights may do so
by submitting a Service Request with the Office of Cybersecurity at service@kennesaw.edu
University Contact Info
Kennesaw Campus
1000 Chastain Road Kennesaw, GA 30144
Marietta Campus
1100 South Marietta Pkwy Marietta, GA 30060
Phone
470-578-6000
Student KSU INFO
470-578-4636
Information For
Current Students
Future Students
Faculty & Staff
Community & Visitors
Alumni & Friends
Business & Industry
Our Initiatives
Global Affairs
Diversity & Inclusion
Community Engagement
Sustainability
Online Learning
Related Links
Libraries
Arts, Culture and Museums
Job Opportunities
Degrees, Majors & Programs
Financial Aid
Registrar
Housing
Privacy Statement / Accreditation / Advisories / Reporting Hotline / Open Records / Human Trafficking Notice / Feedback / Text Only
©2020 Kennesaw State University. All Rights Reserved.
©