http://www.hematology.org/about/terms-of-service
Jump to Main Content
American Society of Hematology
About ASH
ASH Terms of Service
Education
Publications
Agenda for Nematology Research
Recommendations
About Us
Precision Medicine
Genome Editing and Gene Therapy
Immunologic Treatment
Research Support and Funding
Meetings
Careers
ASH Terms of Service
Hematology.org and its affiliated sites (the "Site") are owned and operated by the American Society of Hematology ("we" or "us"). By using this Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and to use the Site in accordance with these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, and any additional terms and conditions that may apply to specific sections of the Site or to products and services available through the Site. Accessing the Site, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise, constitutes use of the Site and your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Service or to impose new conditions on use of the Site, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this Web site and change the "Last Updated" date above to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.
Intellectual Property Rights
Our Limited License to You
This Site and all the materials available on the Site are the property of us and/or our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Site is provided solely for your personal, noncommercial use. You may not use the Site or the materials available on the Site in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service, by the owner of the materials, or in additional terms and conditions that may apply to specific sections of the Site, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by e-mail or other electronic means) any material from the Site. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site for your personal, noncommercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the Site, please e-mail the ASH Webmaster.
Your License to Us
Certain material that you may post or submit to us via the Site, including materials submitted to Blood or to the ASH Image Bank, will be subject to specific terms and conditions that apply to those specific sections of the Site. Any such terms and conditions will be presented to you at the time of submission or otherwise posted on the submission page(s).
All other material (including, without limitation, photos and videos) that you submit to us via the Site (i.e., material not governed by additional terms and conditions that may apply to specific sections of the Site) is subject to the following terms. By posting or submitting the material to the Site, you are representing that you are the owner of the material, or are making your posting or submission with the express consent of the owner of the material. In addition, when you submit or post any material, you are granting us, and anyone authorized by us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose. The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction. Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, e-mail address or screen name, as we deem appropriate.
Limitations on Linking and Framing
You may establish a hypertext link to the Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by us or by the Site. However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the content of the Site, or incorporate into another Web site or other service any of our material, content, or intellectual property.
Please use relevant text when linking to specific pages of ASH's Web sites. For example, if you wish to link to our job bank, please use the title of the page, "ASH Job Bank," or relevant description, such as "Hematology Jobs," for the link text. Avoid using the full Web page URL as the link text.
RSS Feeds
You may subscribe to RSS feeds from this Site for noncommercial, personal uses only. Any other uses are strictly prohibited. We may modify or discontinue the RSS feeds at any time, at our discretion, without notice to you, may restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any or all of the RSS feeds, and may disable the links to the RSS feeds at any time.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Throughout the Site, we have provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products, or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on Web sites linked to by us on the Site.
Disclaimers Regarding Site Content
The information, products, and services offered on or through the Site and any third-party sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that the Site or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this Site, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components.
We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Site or materials on this site or on third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise.
You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.
The Site is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment or for commercial use. You should always seek advice from a physician or other qualified health provider for your individual medical needs. The Site should not be used in any high-risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances, or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.
Membership, Contributions, and Online Commerce
Certain sections of the Site may allow you to renew your membership or register for conferences, make a gift, or purchase different types of products and services online. When you renew your membership, make a gift, or purchase products or services on or through the Site, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your renewal, registration, donation, or purchase or use of the products or services. ASH is a 501(c)(3) charitable and educational organization. Your charitable contribution is tax-deductible to the extent allowable by law.
You agree to be financially responsible for all registration fees, monetary gifts, and purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to only purchase goods or services or make a gift for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so. When making a purchase or gift for a third party that requires you to submit the third party's personal information to us, you represent that you have obtained the express consent of such third party to provide such third party's personal information.
Use of Directories
The information contained in any directories that may be provided on the Site is provided for noncommercial lookup purposes and is not to be used for any commercial, marketing, or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. In no event will we or our suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.
Registration
To access certain features of the Site, you may be asked to register with us on the form provided and such registration may require you to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address. You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifiable information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Passwords
To use certain features of the Site, you will need a username and password, which you will receive through the Site's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Employment Advertising
When you submit an employment ad for publication on the Site, you agree that the advertisement as it appears on the Site becomes our property and you assign all ownership interest in the advertisement as it appears on the Site under copyright law or otherwise to us. Submission of an advertisement does not constitute a commitment to publish the advertisement, and publication of an advertisement does not constitute an agreement for continued publication. We will accept only standard abbreviations and require proper punctuation. We reserve the right to edit, reclassify, revise, reject, or cancel any advertisement at any time, in our sole discretion.
Rates and specifications are subject to change.
Questions?
Questions regarding these Terms of Service should be directed to the ASH Webmaster.