http://www.indi.ie/about/772-privacy-policy.html
Menu
Home
About Us
About INDI
Mission, Vision and Values
What Is a Dietitian?
How can a Dietitian help you?
How do I become a Dietitian?
Board of Management
INDI Team
News
News Centre
Media Centre
Food Facts
Get Cooking
Find A Dietitian
Jobs
Current Jobs
Submit a job
Join
Join us
Benefits of Membership
My INDI
E Learning
Renew Online
E-Learning
My INDI
Home
About Us
About INDI
Mission, Vision and Values
What Is a Dietitian?
How can a Dietitian help you?
How do I become a Dietitian?
Board of Management
INDI Team
News
News Centre
Media Centre
Food Facts
Get Cooking
Find A Dietitian
Jobs
Current Jobs
Submit a job
Join
Join us
Benefits of Membership
My INDI
E Learning
Renew Online
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This is the privacy policy of Irish Nutrition and Dietetic Institute Ltd (trading as INDI) C/O Airfield Estate, Overend Ave, Dundrum, Dublin 14 and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or you provide to us will be processed by us. We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the amended version on our websites.  We will advise you of any updates where it is appropriate. This privacy policy applies to personal information we hold about individuals. It does not apply to information we hold about companies and other organisations. We take the privacy of your personal information very seriously and will only use your personal information in accordance with the current data protection law in the Republic of Ireland and this privacy policy.
How do we receive your information?
We may receive information about you:
when you contact us directly, normally via our website or by telephone, whether to apply for membership or to make an enquiry or other request,
occasionally from other third parties who may lawfully pass to us information about you.
when you visit our site including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
IP Addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Use of Cookies by INDI Websites
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small text file that some websites store on your computer.
Within this website cookies are used to improve the browsing experience for our customers. INDI take your privacy seriously and the below information details the cookies used, how to prevent these being written and the impact of doing so on your browsing experience.
Disabling/Enabling all cookies.
You can accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you will not be able to use all the interactive features of the site if cookies are disabled. Most recent web browsers allow control over the cookies saved through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Disabling/Enabling specific cookies.
Below we have detailed all the cookies set by our websites, their purpose and details of how to opt out where available. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to INDI's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Cookies on our website
The INDI uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
Session Cooking, these are deleted each time you close your browser.
Persistent Cookies, these are not deleted and are used to recognise you on your return visits
Google cookies
The INDI uses Google Analytics to assess the effectiveness of the website.  Google's privacy policy can be found at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Sharing Tools
The INDI web pages contain embedded ‘share’ buttons to enable users of the site to share content with friends through social networks, such as Facebook or Twitter. These sites may set a cookie when you are logged in to their service. The INDI does not control the setting of cookies from these websites. Please check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Using your information
We may use your information (which we receive from you or third parties or learn from the way you use our products or services) for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide or manage any information, products and services you have asked for,
to help us identify you when you contact us,
for general administration purposes,
to help us improve the quality of our services,
to carry out analysis and member profiling
to identify other products and services which might be of interest to you and to inform you about our products and services where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes (please see below).
to ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services when you choose to do so.
to notify you about changes to our services.
We may share your information for any of these purposes with:
users of our website who are looking for a Dietician
our carefully chosen partners who provide products or services under one of our brands, and
our service providers and agents who perform services on our behalf, such as credit card processors, IT service providers or data management firms.
We may also pass your information to third parties:
if we have been asked to provide information for legal or regulatory purposes,
in relation to existing or future legal proceedings,
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Informing you about our products and services
We may use your information to contact you with news on INDI products and services (provided by us or our carefully selected business partners) which may be of interest to you and occasionally for market research purposes.
We, and these other parties, may contact you by post and phone and by email, SMS and other electronic means.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
We will only send you marketing communications by email or other electronic means if you give us your agreement to do so.  For example, we may inform you when inviting you to provide your email address that by providing your email address you will be indicating your agreement to receive marketing emails. If you give us your agreement and subsequently wish to opt out you can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link which we include on all our marketing emails or you can contact us at any time by calling us on free phone 01 2150508, by email info@indi.ie or by post at C/O Airfield Estate, Overend Ave, Dundrum, Dublin 14.
Hyperlinks
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partners.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Discussion Groups and Forums
Users are reminded that discussion groups and forums are for member's discussion. Any personal information supplied by users during these discussions is widely accessible to members of the INDI. The INDI is not responsible for the content posted by users of these services.
Right of Access and Rectification
You have a right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you for which we may charge a small fee (the current statutory fee is €6.35).
You have the right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in the information we hold about you.
Copyrights.
© Copyright INDI. All rights reserved.
Latest INDI News
Healthy Eating on a Tight Budget
As part of last week's Dublin City Council...
Healthcare and The Law Course (Virtual) December 1st-3rd
These three half day workshops are for Health...
Eat Well, Be Well, Stay Well
Coronavirus : Nutrition hints and tips for the general...
Latest Jobs
Primary Care Dietitians, Staff Grade and Senior, Dublin/Kildare
UCC: Two Lecturing Posts in Dietetics
View all jobs
All rights reserved. May be reproduced in its entirety provided source is acknowledged. This information is not meant to replace advice from your medical doctor or individual counselling with a dietitian. It is intended for educational and informational purposes only.
© 2020 Irish Nutrition and Dietetics Institute, INDI. | Privacy Policy
Contact us
Irish Nutrition & Dietetic Institute
C/O Airfield Estate, Overend Ave, Dundrum, Dublin 14Dublin, D14 EE77
Phone: 01 2150508
Email:info@indi.ie