http://www.midwestern.edu/privacy.xml
COVID-19 Information and Resources Alert
Our priority is always the health and safety of every member of our campus community as well as the patients we serve today and in the future. Click here for more information.
Click here for messages from our President
Click here for confirmed cases on campus
Click here for our Return to Campus Plan
Privacy
Home
/
Privacy
This privacy policy covers Midwestern University's use and handling of information, including personally identifiable information, that we collect when you use this website. This privacy policy cannot and does not cover the practices of companies we do not own or control, or people we do not employ or manage.
Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site. We strive to collect, store and use the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary for our legitimate business purposes, and to comply with applicable legal obligations.
We may collect both non-personally identifiable and personally identifiable information when you visit or use our website. For example, we automatically receive and record non-personally identifiable information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested, as well as the page you linked from. We may set and access cookies on your computer. We also receive and record any personally identifiable information (including, for example, zip code, age, name, and e-mail address) you submit via forms on our website and correlate and analyze that information with commercially available databases when appropriate.
We may use information collected from you for four general purposes:
To monitor and improve performance of our website and generate aggregate statistical reports;
To customize the content you see when you visit our website;
To fulfill your requests for certain services and information; and
To contact you. In addition, we use tools such as Google Ads to remarket to individuals who visit our program pages.
Third-party vendors, such as Google, show our ads on sites across the internet, and in some cases, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.  You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ad Settings. You can also opt out of all third-party vendors' use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Contact
Midwestern University Office of Communications 555 31st Street Downers Grove, IL 60515 630/969-4400 phone630/515-7180 faxcommunications@midwestern.edu
This revision to our privacy policy is effective November 7, 2018. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting a modified version on this website, without providing any further notice.
Popular Searches
Faculty
News
Events
Stories
Campus Life
Osteopathic Medicine
Admissions
Degrees & Programs
Downers Grove
Glendale
MWU Now
Clinics
Student Services
One Health