http://www.cdhp.org/privacy
Home
Contact
Search:
State of Dental Health
Priorities
Resources
Blog
About
Transition
Children’s Dental Health Project
CDHP's Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
We collect non-personally identifiable information about you for reporting purposes. As with all Web sites, our sites automatically recognize your domain name, IP address, browser version, operating system, and the referring site you passed through to reach the sites. Information collected by the software is not linked to personally identifiable information about you. Any additional information you provide—such as your name, organization, address, telephone number, and e-mail address—is gathered at your request when you subscribe to our mailing list or donate through cdhp.org.
How We Use Your Information
We are the sole owner of the information collected on our site. We do not sell, share or rent the information that we gather or that you provide to us. We use the non-personally identifiable information to analyze trends, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We will share aggregated demographic information about site usage trends with our partners and funders. We share this information so that we can secure funding to continue our work.
Cookies
The Children's Dental Health Project does not use cookies to store information.
Links to Other Sites
The sites contain links to sites and blogs produced by other organizations. CDHP is not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of outside sites.
More From CDHP
Latest Blog Posts
More than 22 years of success & gratitude ›
Meet Community Catalyst, Future Home to CHDP’s Oral Health Policy and Advocacy Materials ›
Opportunities to drive continued progress for children’s oral health ›
Stay Updated
Keep updated on the latest news from CDHP.
Subscribe ›
or
Subscribe via RSS ›
Teeth Matter
Read our blog
Click here ›
Did you know?
75%
}
of American Indian/Alaskan Native children have experienced caries by age 5.
More on the state of dental health ›
About CDHP
The voice for Children’s oral health®
Stay updated on the latest from CDHP ›
Copyright © 2020 Children’s Dental Health Project.
All rights reserved.
Privacy and Legal Policies
CDHP on Facebook
CDHP on Twitter
RSS News Feed