http://www.pacificcoastcosmetic.com/privacy-policy
call (949) 364-2440
Home
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Surgical Procedures
Facelift Surgery
Nose Reshaping
Forehead and Brow Lift
Eyelids
Necklift
Chin Implant Surgery
Cheek Implant Surgery
Ear Pinning
Fat Transfer
Skin Resurfacing
Liposuction
Skin Cancer Treatment
Scar Revision
Non-Surgical Procedures
Fillers and Injectables
Laser Treatments
Tattoo Removal
Skin Rejuvenation
Skin care treatments and services
Privacy Policy
Welcome to PacificCoastCosmetic.com. We appreciate your interest in our business and your visit to this website. BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. All users of this website agree that access to and use of this website are subject to the following terms and conditions:
Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. reserves the right to modify or amend these terms and conditions without notice at any time. It is therefore important that you read this page regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
Warranty & Liability Disclaimer
By entering this website you acknowledge and expressly agree that your use is at your own risk and that Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. is not liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, or any other losses, costs, or expenses of any kind (including legal fees, expert fees, or other disbursements) which may arise, directly or indirectly, through the access to, use of, or browsing of this website or through your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this website, including but not limited to anything caused by any viruses, bugs, human action or inaction or any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or any other errors, failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections.
Although the information contained in the website is based upon up-to-date information and while Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this website is correct, this website and all information, and related materials it contains are provided “AS IS.” Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc.
makes no representation or warranty whatsoever, whether express or implied, regarding the completeness, accuracy, adequacy, suitability, functionality, reliability, availability, or operation of this website or the information, products or materials it contains. By using this website, you assume the risk that the information and materials on this website may be incomplete, inaccurate, inadequate, unreliable, or may not meet your needs and requirements. Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE AND INFORMATION, CONTAINED HEREIN.
Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this website or the performance of the products, even if Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Information and related materials are subject to change without notice.
Copyright
This website is operated by Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. and all materials, organization, graphics, design, compilation and digital conversion contained on the website are the property of Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc., with the exception of certain materials that are owned by third parties and posted on the website by virtue of an agreement between third party Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc.
All materials contained in this website are protected by international trademark, copyright, patent and/or other intellectual property laws. As indicated above, certain of the images’ copyrights may be attributable to third parties. All rights are specifically reserved.
The reproduction, duplication, distribution (by any means), publication, display, modification, copy or transmission of material from this website to other websites for commercial use, is strictly prohibited unless the prior written consent of Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc.
is obtained. Requests for permission to reproduce or disseminate materials found on this website can be made by contacting Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks on this website are subject to trademark rights of Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc.
Privacy
Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. may monitor user traffic patterns and website usage to help create the best design and layout of the website, but it does not disclose personal information to third parties.
Other
Entire agreement. These terms and conditions represent the entire agreement relating to its subject matter. Headings – all clause headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the interpretation of these terms and conditions Severability – in the event that any provision of this agreement (or a portion thereof) is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision (or part thereof) shall be enforced to the extent possible consistent with the stated intention of the parties, or, if incapable of such enforcement, shall be deemed to be deleted from this agreement, while the remainder of this agreement shall continue in full force and remain in effect according to its stated terms and conditions. Feedback – should any user of this website send any feedback or data, such as ideas, comments, suggestions or questions regarding any Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. or service or the content of this website, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Further, Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques.
Book Now
Book a complimentary consultation
Verification
Please leave this field empty.
* required fields
What’s New
SculpSure®
ZO Skin Health
Juvéderm Volbella XC™
Introducing Kybella®
Contact Us Address
Pacific Coast Cosmetic &
Laser Medical Center, Inc.
26730 Crown Valley Parkway,
Suite 250
Mission Viejo, CA. 92691
How to Contact Us
Ph: (949) 364-2440
Fx: (949) 364-2778
Send us a note »
Please visit our:
Office Hours
Monday - 9:00 to 5:00
Tuesday - 9:00 to 5:00
Wednesday - 9:00 to 5:00
Thursday - 9:00 to 5:00
Friday - 9:00 to 5:00
Saturday - Closed
Sunday - Closed
Financing available
About Us In 1999, Dr. Heinrich founded Pacific Coast Cosmetic & Laser Medical Center, Inc. in order to provide high quality Facial Aesthetic Procedures to individuals who desire to improve their appearance. How we
[Read More...]
Meet Our Team Working closely with Dr. Heinrich, our outstanding team of professionals includes Registered Nurses, Laser Nurse Specialists, Medical Assistants, [Read More...]
Testimonials
Incredible talent!
Janice Lewand McCarroll
What a wonderful doctor. Dr. Heinrich did an eye orbit repair of my 15 year old’s face due to an accident. My son
looks exactly like he did before.
Janet Leger
Yesterday Dr. Heinrich injected Radiesse into my hands to smooth wrinkles, hide unsightly veins and fill in areas between visible bones.
Charlene Jessup
I went to Pacific Coast yesterday for the first time and all I have to say is how nice Diana is, she is super friendly and talented.
Janelle Alhanti
Copyright © 2020 Pacific Coast Cosmetic
| Privacy Policy