https://www.tillsonburghospital.on.ca/privacy
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Share this Page
Home
Emergency Department
Areas of Care
Ambulatory Care Clinics
Complex Continuing Care
Diabetes Education Program
Diagnostic Imaging
Bone Densitometry
CT / CAT Scan
Mammography Routine and Diagnostic & Ontario Breast Screening Program (OBSP)
General X-Ray
Ultrasounds
General Ultrasounds
Pelvic Ultrasounds
Referrals (for physician use only)
Dialysis
Intensive Coronary Care Unit
Medical / Surgical Unit
Surgical Program
Rehabilitation Services
Patient & Family Information
Location & Directions
Give Back & Donate
Our Campaign
Ways to Give
Gifts at Work
Donor Recognition
About Us
Photo Gallery
Donor Bill of Rights
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
Foundation Board
Donate Now
Get in Touch
Contact Request Sent
About TDMH
Welcome to TDMH
Mission, Vision, Values
Standards of Performance for Team Members
Joint Strategic Plan
TDMH Board
Board Recruitment
Our Leadership Team
Accessibility Guidelines
Quality & Patient Safety
Reporting - C-Difficile
Reporting - CLI-BSI
Reporting - Hand Hygiene
Reporting - MRSA Bacteraemia
Reporting - Surgical Safety Checklist
Reporting - SSI
Reporting - VAP
Reporting - VRE Bacteraemia
Accountability
Accreditation
Privacy Education
Privacy Education - Module 1
Privacy Education - Module 2
Privacy Education - Module 3
Privacy Education - Module 4
Privacy Education - Module 5
Scenario - Professionals
Scenario - Regulated Health Professionals
Scenario - Clinical Support Team Members
Scenario - Non-Clinical Support Team Members
COVID-19
Careers
Welcome to TDMH
About Tillsonburg & Area
Latest Opportunities
Professional Staff Orientation
Hospital Policies & Procedures
Volunteer
Types of Volunteer Roles
Apply to be a Volunteer
TDMH Volunteer Association
Fundraising
Fundraising Activities
Latest News
Accessibility
Community Resources
Campus of Care
Send a Patient E-Card
TDMH FoundationClick here to Donate Now
Your Privacy is important to us!
Tillsonburg District Memorial Hospital is committed to keep your personal health information safe and confidential.  Your privacy is very important to us.  We are continuously monitoring policies and procedures to further protect the privacy of your information.
What type of information do we collect about you?
To provide you with quality health care, we collect both personal and health information from you.  Your legal name, date of birth, address, Health Card Number and extended health insurance numbers are examples of personal information.  Your health history, the records of your visits to the hospital and what health care we provide to you during those visits are examples of your health information.
Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA)
PHIPA is provincial legislation that protects personal information, including health information.  It sets out ten principles that organizations, individuals, associations, partnerships and trade unions must follow when collecting, using and disclosing personal information in the course of a commercial activity.
PHIPA is formulated on the basis of the Canadian National Standard code commonly known as the ten fair information principles.
Tillsonburg District Memorial Hospital is implementing a privacy program based on these principles, which are listed below.
The 10 Privacy Principles of PHIPA
Accountability
Accuracy
Identifying Purposes
Safeguards
Consent
Openness
Limiting Collection
Individual Access
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Challenging Compliance
Accountability
An organization is responsible for personal information under its control and shall designate an individual or individuals who are accountable for the organization's compliance with the following principles.
Identifying Purposes
The purposes for which personal information is collected shall be identified by the organization at or before the time the information is collected.
Consent
The knowledge and consent of an individual are required for the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information, except where appropriate.
Limiting Collection
The collection of personal information shall be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by the organization.  Information shall be collect by fair and lawful means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Personal information shall not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law.  Persona information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
Accuracy
Personal information shall be as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purpose for which it is used.
Safeguards
Personal information shall be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Openness
An organization shall make readily available to individuals specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information
Individual Access
Upon request, an individual shall be informed of the existence, use, and disclose of his or her personal information, and shall be given access to that information.  An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Challenging Compliance
An individual shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designate individuals accountable for the organization's compliance.
How is your information used?
The information we collect from you is used:
To provide you with quality health care and follow up care in the community;
To carry out quality assurance to make us better;
For patient satisfaction surveys to see how we are doing; and
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
For research to make the Tillsonburg District Memorial Hospital the best we can be and to help develop new treatments and technologies for the future; and
For education to keep current health care practitioners up to date and to train new health care practitioners for the future.
If your information is to be used for any other purpose, your specific permission would be required first.
Do we share your information with anyone?
Tillsonburg District Memorial Hospital does share your personal and health information with health care providers at other hospitals, health care agencies, nursing homes, etc. who become part of your health care team for the purpose of your continuing care.  Your information is shared with agencies authorized by law, for example, OHIP, health insurance companies and the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board.
TILLSONBURG DISTRICTMEMORIAL HOSPITAL
ALEXANDRA HOSPITALINGERSOLL
VISIT TILLSONBURG HOSPITAL WEBSITE
GET MAP & DIRECTIONS
TDMH FOUNDATION
AREAS OF CARE
CAREERS
SEND A PATIENT E-CARD
VISIT ALEXANDRA HOSPITAL WEBSITE
GET MAP & DIRECTIONS
AHI FOUNDATION
AREAS OF CARE
CAREERS
SEND A PATIENT E-CARD
TILLSONBURG DISTRICTMEMORIAL HOSPITAL
VISIT TILLSONBURG HOSPITAL WEBSITE
GET MAP & DIRECTIONS
TDMH FOUNDATION
AREAS OF CARE
CAREERS
SEND A PATIENT E-CARD
ALEXANDRA HOSPITALINGERSOLL
VISIT ALEXANDRA HOSPITAL WEBSITE
GET MAP & DIRECTIONS
AHI FOUNDATION
AREAS OF CARE
CAREERS
SEND A PATIENT E-CARD