https://www.parkinsonalliance.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
We at The Parkinson Alliance (PA) are committed to respecting the privacy of our website visitors.  This page describes our privacy policy regarding the information we collect from you during your visit to our site, how we may use it, and how we will protect the information which you choose to provide us.
Online DonationsPA collects the following information through our secure online financial-transaction pages: name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card information. This personally identifiable information is used to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes and to include you on PA’s mailing list if you choose to join it.  We will not sell, share, or rent the information you provide us to others under any circumstances.
When you send a donation in honor or in memory of someone and request that an acknowledgement be sent to another individual or a family, we will use the name and address of that individual or family for acknowledgement purposes only.
“Cookies”Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser.   You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings.  Our website relies on cookies to allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website.
Mailing List/Communication PreferencesDepending on how you have consented to hear from us, we may send you regular communications, either via e-mail, regular mail, or phone providing you with relevant information about our programs and services.  The Parkinson Alliance does not sell or rent your information to others.
Email subscribers may select their preferred content streams, or unsubscribe from all email communications, by the link at the bottom of all emails. If you no longer wish to receive print or email correspondence from The Parkinson Alliance, or would like to update your contact information and preferences, you may also contact us.  To protect your privacy and security, we will take certain steps to verify your identity before granting access to your information or making corrections.
Links to Other WebsitesPA’s website includes links, some temporary and some permanent, to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of any other website or the nature of the content contained therein.  These links are provided for convenience of reference only and are not intended as an endorsement by The Parkinson Alliance of the organization or individual operating the website or a warranty or endorsement of any type regarding the website or the information, services, products, or messages posted on or available from such website.
User Generated Content/SubmissionsOur websites are equipped with features which allow you to voluntarily share your materials and information.  While participating on any part of our websites (including and not limited to our blog), we cannot be held responsible for information you voluntarily post and submit via and not limited to sharing, commenting, and liking.  Materials and information that you submit are subject to our approval.  We reserve the right to edit materials as needed for formatting purposes.  By submitting your materials, you hereby give us the consent to use any or all content for promotional purposes.
ChangesPA reserves the right to make changes to this policy without notice.  Any changes to this privacy policy will be reflected in changes on this page. Please check this privacy page periodically to review any changes that may have been made.
Contact Us
If you have specific questions or concerns about PA’s privacy policy, please contact us at the following address:
The Parkinson AlliancePost Office Box 308Kingston, New Jersey 08528-0308Phone: 1-800-579-8440; or (609) 688-0870Fax: (609) 688-0875EIN#:  22-3683309
Follow Us
Sign Up for Email Alerts
Next
By providing your email you agree to receive periodic emails from The Parkinson Alliance.
Please tell us more about yourself:
This month is? (Anti-Spam)
Select…
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Submit
Contact Us • Terms Of Use • Privacy Policy
The Parkinson Alliance is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Copyright © 2020 The Parkinson Alliance. All rights reserved.