https://www.eyebody.com/privacy-policy/
How We See
The Eyebody Patterns
The Method
Peter Grunwald
Workshops
FAQ
Shop
Media
Home / Privacy Policy
Your privacy
This policy describes how eyebody.com and eyebody.de protect your privacy.
Our commitment to your privacy
We respect your right to privacy. We are committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our sites or contact us in any way.
Free services
You may visit the free parts of our sites without identifying yourself in any way.
Your personal information
Some eyebody.com and eyebody.de services such as sending you requested information or purchasing products and services can only be accomplished by you providing us with certain personal information, including:
Your name;
Your email address;
Your credit card number, type (Visa, etc), the name on your card, and the expiry date (required only for purchases);
Your residential or postal address;
Your contact telephone number(s);
(collectively, “Your personal information”).
Collecting Your personal information
We collect and use personal information about you to:
Supply what you want or give you the access you need: for example, if you want to receive information on products or services eg. workshops and retreats or purchase any other product from us;
receive one of our email newsletters;
or contact us;
Tell you about our new products and services;
Protect the rights or property of Eyebody International Ltd or eyebody.com or eyebody.de or any other Eyebody staff, teacher or Eyebody participant in workshops, retreats or individual sessions.
Changing or removing your personal information
You have the right and option to change any personal information we hold about you at any time or to be removed from our data base. Please contact the Customer Service at info@eyebody.com
No disclosure
We will not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third party unless:
We need to do so to provide you with the product or service you have requested;
We are completing financial transactions with our bank;
We need to do so to protect the rights or property of eyebody.com, eyebody.de, Eyebody International Ltd, Eyebody staff such as organizers or Eyebody teachers and mentors or any of our website users;
We are required to do so by law.
Collecting site usage information
We monitor site usage by analysing aggregated user information. This helps us improve the site to give you the information, services and features you want. This information is aggregated and does not identify you individually.
Contacting you
If you are on our database, we may contact you to:
Clarify details about your purchase of products and services;
Advise you of changes to our products or services or new products and services or promotions;
Respond to any enquiries you make;
or Provide any information necessary for the operation and security of our Site.
Email newsletters
All Eyebody database members receive our irregular email newsletter. All Site users can ‘opt-in’ to receive this.
You may choose to remove yourself from any email newsletter, by following the “unsubscribe” prompt at the bottom of each email.
Links to other websites
eyebody.com and eyebody.de provide links to other websites when we consider you may be interested in the content on those sites. We do not necessarily endorse those sites or their content and we have no control over the conduct of the companies or organisations operating those sites.
Before you disclose any personal information to another site, we advise you to check its terms and conditions, including its privacy and security policies.
Privacy complaints
eyebody.com and eyebody.de are committed to dealing quickly and appropriately with any complaint you make about your privacy. If you are concerned that this Privacy Policy may have been breached or your privacy has been violated, please email us immediately at info@eyebody.com
Please include your email address or a daytime telephone number where we can contact you.
Log In
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgotten Password?
Username or Email
Lost your password? | Back to Login