https://www.lasikindia.com/privacy-policy/
Home
News
Blog
Contact Us
info@ojaseyehospital.com
Consult For LASIK
+91-9137462795
MENUMENUAbout Ojas
About UsWhy OjasThe OJAS DifferenceState of the Art EquipmentOjas Quality PolicyOutstation or Overseas PatientsOjas For CompaniesCase StudiesSocial CommitmentsDownloadsCareers
Expert LASIK TeamAbout LASIKLasik Treatment
Am I A Candidate For LASIK?After LASIK surgeryBladed LASIKCustom Wavefront LASIKBlade Free Femtosecond Laser LASIKStreamlight LASIKContoura Vision Bladeless LASIKIs LASIK Safe?Benefits of LASIK eye surgeryLasik Surgery Cost
Eye Diseases
Myopia, Hyperopia & AstigmatismPtosis (drooping eyelids)How Diabetes and Hypertension affect the Eye
How to really treat Cataract?Know all about Retinal TearsHow bad can Dry Eyes get? How to prevent it?
How to prevent inflammation of the eyelidsHow Glaucoma can ruin your lifestyle
Patient Testimonial
Home»
Privacy Policy»
Privacy Policy
Ojas policies and procedures for handling customer information have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, Ojas policies and procedures are subject to change.
In the course of serving its customers, Ojas acquires stores and transmits customer communications and information that customers may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information – such as the customer’s name, address, telephone number, and credit card data – is provided to Ojas by its customers in order to establish service. Other information – such as the customer’s account status, choice of services, and customer logs – is created and maintained by Ojas in the normal course of providing service. Ojas also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on a user’s computer for various reasons. For example, Ojas uses cookies on the landing pages of the site which record the customer information that is required on the order form. This information is then forwarded to an internal sales database within Ojas. In addition, Ojas may store customers’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
Data Security
Ojas will protect the confidentiality of its clients’ information, account information and personal communications to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law and the legitimate interests of Ojas, its partners, its employees and other customers of Ojas services. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from customers, Ojas has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place.
How is customer information used?
Ojas may share customer information with selected partners to enable the customer to take advantage of special partner programs. Ojas may also use customer information to provide its customers with system information or information about new or upgraded products.
Disclosure of customer information and communications
Ojas will not otherwise disclose its customers’ personal and account information unless Ojas has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Ojas, Ojas customers, or others, or where Ojas has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
Ojas also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Ojas stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Ojas will disclose such electronic customer communications are when: it is necessary in order to provide service to the customer.
It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Ojas and its customers;
it is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Ojas determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and it is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Ojas and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
Ojas disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Ojas will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm Ojas, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Ojas may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Ojas Policy.
Expert LASIK Team
Dr. Niteen Dedhia
M.S. (Ophth), D.O.M.S (Bom), M.BPresident of Bombay Ophthalmic Association (2012-2013)
Dr. Anil Kumar Yadav
DNB(Ophthalmology) M.B.B.S. FICO (London, UK) FAEH (Cornea)
Dr. Prathmesh Mehta
DNB (Ophthal), FICO (UK), FCRS (Aravind)
Dr. Rushita Kamdar
MBBS, DNB (Ophthalmology), FCRS ( Sankara)
Contact Us
+91-913-746-2795
info@ojaseyehospital.com
MON - SUN 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Make An Appointment
Testimonials
It is been a wonderful experience to know you all and also to be treated by such a friendly and excellent team of professionals. What you all have done for me is just inexplicable all can say is "Thank you so much" for doing this wonder on my eyes. It really feels great to have an aid less vision. May God bless all of you all health and happiness and wish you all the very best for your work!
Sumantha Guha
ARDMORD FLGHT SCHOOL, NEW ZEALAND
It's been a month since the LASIK surgery and i feel quite relieved not having to bother with contact lenses, glasses and not being able to see. Now, I feel good coz I can see clearly with no hassles, and relieved from glasses after 10 years.
Reshma C Menghani
Khar West, Mumbai
With the growing age and multiple times facing the problems of blurred vision, the need of doing an eye check up did arouse. I visited Ojas Eye hospital for the tests and soon I was diagnosed with the eye disease called Cataract. My mind was baffled with questions. Friendly approach of Dr.Dedhia, in Pre and post operations, was truly supporting. The advanced eye correction equipment did ensure the rest. My cataract operation is successful and at present I am blessed with clear vision.
Salim Khan
She was suffering from a squint but the highly trained and welcoming team of the hospital made this tough times a comfortable one. The medical process was explained in depth which gave us a green signal with the sense of security and decided to go ahead with the surgery. I once again thank the entire team at Ojas for gifting my daughter the gift of a better sight.
NJoki Khungwa
From Nairobi - Kenya
Dream come true to watch the world with naked eyes with ease and Ojas has played a key role to make it happen. It has been excellent experience with Ojas. In terms of professionalism and skills, I consider Ojas one of the best eye care hospital.Especially Dr. Yatin was very helpful and made sure that I face no issues. Thanks
Afreen Aga
View All
About LASIK
Is LASIK Right For Me?
LASIK Eye Surgery Procedure
Custom LASIK In Mumbai
LASIK Treatment in India
Contoura Vision In Mumbai
LASIK In Mumbai
Best LASIK Treatment in Mumbai
Blade Free IntraLase ‘Femtosecond’ LASIK
LASIK Specialist in Mumbai
LASIK Surgery In Mumbai
Best LASIK Hospital In Mumbai
LASIK Surgeon in Mumbai
Femto LASIK In Mumbai
LASIK Eye Surgery Cost in Mumbai
Bladeless Contoura LASIK In Mumbai
Best Laser Eye Treatment In Mumbai
LASIK Treatment in Mumbai
LASIK surgery cost in Mumbai
LASIK is Safe?
Am I a Candidate for LASIK?
LASIK centre in Mumbai
Laser Eye Treatment In Mumbai
Contoura Vision LASIK in Mumbai
LASIK Eye Surgery Cost in Mumbai
Contact Us
Ojas Eye Hospital In Bandra
Roseland Building, Junction of
Linking Road andWaterfield
Road, Bandra,
Mumbai - 400050. India.
VIRTUAL TOUR BANDRA
Ojas Eye Hospital In Kandivali
Jivala Pada Road,
Behind Gokul Corcord Tower,
Thakur Village,off Western Express Highway,
Kandivali ( East)
Mumbai - 400 101. India.
VIRTUAL TOUR KANDIVALI
+91-22-61549999 info@ojaseyehospital.com MON - SUN - 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM
For Emergency 24x7 - +91 9137462795
LASIK Eye Surgery In Mumbai,
Bandra,
Khar West,
Khar East,
Santacruz,
Mahim,
Borivali,
Kandivali,
Malad.
If you are looking a LASIK specialist In Mumbai, the eye doctors at Ojas Eye Hospital would like to offer you a advanced laser eye surgery to correct your vision. We are committed to providing the best in patient education so that our patients can make a decision as to whether or not LASIK would be a good vision correction option. You have to choose experienced LASIK surgeon in Mumbai for your Laser Eye Surgery. If LASIK cost is something that has been holding you back please feel free to review our options regarding LASIK eye surgery and consult one of the best LASIK Eye surgeon in Mumbai.
Copyright © 1987-2020 Ojas Eye Hospital All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
*Disclaimer: All information on www.lasikindia.com for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider.