http://www.baystatehealth.com/terms-of-use
You are using an older version of Internet Explorer that is not supported on this site. Please upgrade for the best experience.
close
Home
Patients & Visitors
Getting Here and Around
Staying at the Hospital
Visiting Hours and Policies
Safety and Security
Infection Control
Billing & Financial Assistance
Rights & Responsibilities
Medical Records
Stories
Clinical Trials
Dining Services
Gift Shops
Pharmacies
Support Services
Medical Services
Select A-Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
View All Services
Locations
Emergency
Hospitals
Imaging Centers
Lab Services
Primary Care
Urgent Care
Find a Provider
For Healthcare Professionals
Medical Staff Services
Referring to Baystate
Baystate Reference Laboratories
Patient Transfer Services
Provider Verification
Continuing Education
Education & Research
Academic Departments
Healthcare Education
Faculty Affairs
Research
UMass Medical School-Baystate
COVID:19: Learn about our safety measures, visitor restrictions, and prevention guidelines.
Home
Terms of Use
Text
Print
Share
For Your Safety and Ours
We ask all visitors to wear masks. Have COVID-19 or symptoms? Please call first.
See Our Safety Policies
Terms of Use
The Terms and Conditions of Use listed in this document apply to all of Baystate Health's web sites and social media platforms, including baystatehealth.org, our hospital-sanctioned blogs, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages. These sites will henceforth be referred to as "the web site."
Baystate Health's web site is provided subject to viewers' compliance with the terms and conditions shown below. Please read the following information carefully. Your continued use of this site indicates your acceptance of those terms and conditions.
Baystate Health web site does not provide specific medical advice and does not endorse any medical or professional service obtained through information provided on this site or any links to this site.
Use of Baystate Health website does not replace medical consultations with a qualified health or medical professional to meet the health and medical needs of you or a loved one.
You exercise your own judgment when purchasing any product or selecting a physician through any site or service linked to this web site. In addition, while Baystate Health frequently updates its contents, medical information changes rapidly and therefore, some information may be out of date, and/or contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Please check with a physician or health professional if you suspect you are ill. Please review these Terms of Use before using this Web site and from time to time since the Terms of Use may be updated or changed periodically.
Agreement. Baystatehealth.org is an Internet-based on-line information and communication service. It is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as the website. You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which includes the Baystate Health Privacy Policy.
License. We hereby grant you the right to view and use this web site subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may download and/or print a copy of information provided in this web site for your personal use only. Permission to reprint or electronically reproduce any document or graphic in whole or in part for any other purpose is expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the respective copyright holder(s). You may contact us at:
Marketing & Communications
Baystate Health System
280 Chestnut Street
5th floor
Springfield, MA 01199
Privacy. We respect your personal privacy. Please see our Privacy Policy, for the details of our commitment.
Links. Baystate Health web site may contain links to or advertisements for web sites operated by other parties. The links or advertisements are provided for your convenience only. Neither we nor our suppliers control such web sites and we are not responsible for the content and performance of these sites or for your transactions with them. Our inclusion of links to or advertisements for such web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such web sites or any association with their operators.
Warranty Disclaimer. In our content areas this information is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment purposes only and should not be interpreted as a recommendation for a specific treatment plan, product or course of action. The content areas should not be used for specific medical advice for you. We assume no responsibility for how you use the information provided through this website. You should always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider prior to starting any new treatment or with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
THE INFORMATION ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." We make no representations or endorsement about the products and services available through this website. We do not guarantee the timeliness, validity, completeness or accuracy of information made available to you for any particular purpose. We disclaim all warranties and conditions, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, with regard to the products, services and information contained on or made available through this Service, including but not limited to the availability of this website, lack of viruses, worms, or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties, or any failure to provide the service. Although we may update the content on this website from time to time, please note that medical information changes rapidly. Therefore, some of the information may be out of date and/or may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Baystate Health, its officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers, partners, advertisers and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement or any activity related to your account (including infringement of third parties' worldwide intellectual property rights or negligent or wrongful conduct) by you.
Waiver, Release and Limitation of Liability. You agree that neither Baystate Health, nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers, partners, advertisers or suppliers shall have any liability to you under any theory of liability or indemnity in connection with your use of baystatehealth.org. You hereby release and forever waive any and all claims you may have against Baystate Health, its officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers or suppliers (including but not limited to claims based upon the negligence of Baystate Health, its officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers, partners, advertisers or suppliers) for losses or damages you sustain in connection with your use of baystatehealth.org.
In no event shall Baystate Health and its affiliates be liable for any special, indirect or consequential changes or any damages whatsoever resulting from the loss of use, data, or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this information. In addition, Baystate Health assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to or any viruses that may infect your computer equipment or software because of your access, use of or borrowing in this or any other site.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Get Your Results in Record Time
With MyBaystate, you can view lab results as soon as they're ready.
Sign Up or Sign In