https://www.kernodle.com/for-patients/financial-policy/
Financial Policy
Download your hard copy Financial Policy here.
Your Insurance
Payment is expected at the time of service. Patients with insurance coverage through Medicare, Medicaid, or a Private Insurance policy, will be expected to pay any co-payments, coinsurance and/or deductibles. As a courtesy to you, Kernodle Clinic agrees to file claims directly with your Primary and Secondary insurance plans. In some cases, it will be your responsibility to file claims with any additional insurance plans, unless Medicaid is the third insurance. You are financially responsible for all deductibles, coinsurance, co-payments, and non-covered services as outlined in your insurance policies.
Patients without Insurance
Payment is due at the time of service. You are expected to pay a minimum of $50.00 per visit before services will be provided. This amount may be higher for selective services or procedures. If you are unable to pay the full balance of the charge after services are rendered, please contact our business office promptly.
Medicare Patients
Kernodle Clinic accepts Medicare assignment. We will bill your secondary insurance if you provide us the proper insurance information. You are responsible for the applicable coinsurance and deductibles, and charges for non-covered services. Remember that Medicare does not cover many preventative services.
Medicaid Patients
Kernodle Clinic accepts Medicaid assignment. A current Medicaid card must be presented at each visit and you will be required to pay the co-pay at the time of service. If you have exceeded the legislative limits for the year as set forth by Medicaid, you will be held responsible for the non-covered charges. Carolina Access patients are required to have a referral from the PCP before appointments will be given.
Private Insurance Patients
Kernodle Clinic accepts assignment for most major insurances. You will be required to pay applicable co-payments at the time of service and you are responsible for any coinsurance and deductible amounts. Please check with your HMO/PPO plan to see if Kernodle Clinic providers are in your network. If your insurance has Wellness benefits please discuss this with your physician at the time of service.
Patients are expected to pay up to a $100 deposit on the day of their appointment towards their unmet deductible or co-insurance.  If a patient provides proof their deductible and maximum out of pocket has been met for the year then a deposit will not be required.
Third-Party Liability Services
We will provide medical services to patients that have injuries resulting from an accident. While a third party may be responsible for the accident, we will hold the patient responsible for payment for our medical services. We will require a minimum deposit of $200.00 before the patient is seen unless the patient elects for us to file a claim with their personal health insurance plan. If your personal health insurance is filed you will be required to pay co-pays, co-insurance and deductibles.
LABCORP
Kernodle Clinic physicians sometimes send lab tests to LabCorp when we do not have the testing equipment in the Clinic. If you have questions about a bill you receive from LabCorp please call the number on your LabCorp bill to speak with a representative at LabCorp.
Burlington Radiology
Kernodle Clinic physicians often have radiology exams reviewed by a radiologist at Burlington Radiology. If you have questions about a bill you receive from Burlington Radiology please call the number on your Burlington Radiology bill to speak with a representative at Burlington Radiology.
Methods of Payment
We accept cash, checks, VISA, MasterCard, American Express  and Discover. We typically do not accept post-dated checks, nor will we hold checks for any length of time. Payment arrangements may be made as necessary. You may also pay your bill online through our website www.kernodle.com and Duke MyChart.
Returned Checks
There will be a $25.00 fee assessed for any and all checks returned from the bank for any reason. Resolution of the returned check is expected within 10 days.
Minor Patients
For all services rendered to patients under the age of 18, the adult accompanying the patient is responsible for payment.
Past Due Balance
Patients with a past due balance at the time of the current service are required to pay the past due balance in full unless payment arrangements have been made. Future appointments will not be offered until such balances are paid, in most cases.
Maternity Patients
We will verify maternity benefits through your insurance company. You may be required to pay a minimum deposit of $150.00 or more depending on your insurance benefits. If you do not have insurance that will cover maternity you will be required to pay ½ of your total expected charges for obstetrical care at your first obstetrical visit. Any balance after initial payment will be set up in monthly payments to be paid before your delivery date.
Scheduled Surgery
If you should require surgery, we will verify your benefits with your insurance and contact you after this has been done. You may be required to pay a minimum deposit of $150.00 or more depending on your insurance benefits. If you have no insurance, your minimum deposit may be significantly higher.
Patient Links
Meet the Team
Locations
For Patients
Patient Stories
Our Services
Schedule an Appointment
Help us serve you better and tell us how we're doing.
Location
Select
BurlingtonMebaneElon