http://www.farmdoc.uiuc.edu/about#policies
skip to Main Content
Online information systems specifically for agriculture were relatively new in 1999, when the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign released the first version of farmdoc (then known as Illinois Grain Risk Outreach, or I-GRO). With initial funding from the Illinois Council on Food and Agricultural Research, UI agricultural economists created the project as a comprehensive system to aid in decision-making for farms under risk.
The I-GRO website initially focused on marketing and outlook information, market advisory services evaluation, and financial management. Providing around-the-clock access to information and analysis along with the realization that the site needed a professional look were key to developing the next iteration, called farm.doc (for Farm Decision Outreach Central), which launched in 2000. The redesigned site added new content and functionality, offering decision tools; information on agricultural finance, law and taxation, farm management, and agricultural policy; and a broad portfolio of agricultural publications.
The overall goal of the farmdoc project is the same today as in 1999 — to provide U.S. Corn Belt crop and livestock producers with constant access to integrated information and expertise to better manage their farm businesses. But, as technology has changed, so too has farmdoc.   Spurred on by the mobile device and the social media revolution, busy people began to desire multi-platform accessibility to information and have it presented in a condensed format.  In response, the farmdoc daily site was created in 2011.  This site has the ambitious goal of publishing one new article of research-based analysis each business day.  The articles on farmdoc daily have quickly earned a place on the must-read list of farmers, educators, journalists, traders, market analysts, and policy-makers around the globe.
In 2016, the Farm Policy News site was added to the farmdoc family of websites in order to provide updates on current developments relating to the farm economy and U.S. farm policy.  The social media component of the project was upgraded at the same time.  There are now multiple ways to connect with farmdoc through email updates, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube. You’ll find these links on our homepage and social media page.
Along the way, the farmdoc project has been honored with numerous awards, including the Team Award from the College of ACES at the UI (three times) and the Distinguished Group Extension Award from the Agricultural and Applied Economics Association (three times).  We are grateful to everyone that has supported us over the years.
Thanks for visiting. We hope you will come back to farmdoc daily often.
Scott Irwin
farmdoc Team Leader
Market Prices
Sections
Agricultural Law
Agricultural Policy
Crop Insurance
FAST Tools
Field Crop Production
Management
Marketing & Outlook
Tools
FAST Spreadsheet Tools
2018 Farm Bill What-If Tool
Balance Sheet & Historical Financial Statements
Cash Rent with Bonus Worksheet
Crop Insurance Decision Tool
Farm Projection Tool
Land Purchase Analysis
Planting Decision Model
Appraisal of Current Financial Position
Beef Profitability Model
Biomass Crop Budget Tool – Corn Stover
Biomass Crop Budget Tool – Miscanthus and Switchgrass
Capital Budgeting Analysis
Carbon Calculator
Cash to Accrual Income Approximation
Corn & Soybean Basis Tool
Cost of Feedstuffs Calculator
Dairy Profitability Model
Earned Net Worth Allocation
Enterprise Allocation Module
Estimation of Deferred Taxes
Ethanol Dry Mill Plant Simulator
Farm Rent Evaluator
Grain Storage Purchase Analysis
Grain Inventory Management
Grain Pricing Tool
Illinois Soil Productivity and Yield Utilities
Lease vs Purchase Analysis
Loan Amortization
Loan Comparison
Machinery Economics
Machinery Financing
MACRS Calculator
Marketing and Crop Insurance Risk Model
Monthly Cash Flow Planning
New Company Simulator
Personal Financial Statements
Quick Cash Flow Projections
Repayment Capacity Analysis
Revolving Loan Calculator
Savings Calculator
Specialty Commodity Breakeven Analysis
Time Value Tools
Yield Risk Evaluator
Illinois Farm Management Handbook
Farmland Leasing Facts Sheets & Pricing Information
Finance
Illinois Crop Budgets and Historic Returns
Illinois Farmland Leasing and Rental Forms
Machinery Cost of Operations Estimates
Whole Farm and Other Reports
Risk Management Tools
ARC/PLC Calculator
Crop Insurance Payment Evaluator
Crop Insurance Premium Calculator
Price Distribution Tool
Publications
Weekly Outlook
Weekly Farm Economics
Gardner Policy Series
Webinars/IFES
Webinars
Upcoming
Archive
farmdoc daily live Archive
5-minute farmdoc Archive
2020 Virtual IFES
IFES Archive
Sponsors/Donate
Sponsors
Corporate Sponsors
Platinum Sponsors
Silver Sponsors
farmdoc Sponsorship
Friends of farmdoc
Donation Form
About Us
Our Story
Our People
Connect / Subscribe
Policies
20th Anniversary
Educational Partners
Department of ACE
FBFM
Extension
Back To Top