https://www.zoetis.com/cookie-policy.aspx
Zoetis.com uses cookies to improve your experience when browsing our website. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to their use. To find out more, view our cookie policy as well as our
privacy policy.
Agree
Menu
My DashboardProfileLogout
About Us
Zoetis at a Glance
Vision & Mission
Core Beliefs
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Awards & Recognition
History
Our Story
Board of Directors
Contact the Board
Executive Team
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Contact the Board
Contact Shareholder Services
Corporate Compliance
Company Locations
Products & Services
Companion Animals
Cats
Dogs
Horses
Farm Animals
Beef Cattle
Dairy Cattle
Fish
Pigs
Poultry
Sheep
Diagnostics
Genetics
Precision Livestock Farming
Innovation
Research & Development
R&D Areas of Focus
Innovation Outcomes
R&D Capabilities
Controlling Transboundary and Emerging Diseases
Center for Transboundary and Emerging Diseases
Strategic Partnerships
Partnership Opportunities
One Health Approach
Become a Partner
Compound Transfer Program
Global Manufacturing & Supply
Animal Health
Growing Industry
Farm Animal Health
Companion Animal Health
Sustainability
Care & Collaborate
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Innovate in Animal Health
Protect Our Planet
Investors
News & Media
Careers
Contact Us
Home / Cookie Policy
Share
Share on twitter
Share on facebook
Share on linkedin
Share on google_plusone_share
Share on email
Print
Text Size
Cookie Policy
Purpose of this Cookies Policy
This Cookies Policy (“Policy”) applies to this website and aims to inform you about our use of cookies on this website.  This Policy helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. This Policy provides you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies we use and the purposes for using them.
This Policy does not however govern the use of the website, nor the privacy terms on this website. To learn more about our terms of use, please consult https://www.zoetis.com/terms-of-use.aspx; for more information about how we process your personal data on this website, please click on https://www.zoetis.com/privacy-policy.aspx.
What are cookies?
Cookies are a small text files that are placed on the browser or hard drive of your computer (or similar device) by websites that you visit. Cookies are typically used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the particular website.
What cookies do we use and why?
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. Cookies are used to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, and allow us to improve our website.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies - These are cookies that are essential for the operation of our website. These cookies remember information you have entered on forms when you navigate to different pages during a web browser session, identify you as being logged in to our website, etc.
Performance cookies - These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around on our website when they are using it. These cookies help us to improve the way the website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. These cookies provide statistics on how our website is used, help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur, etc.
Functionality cookies - These are cookies that are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, remember if we have already asked you if you want to fill in a survey, and remember your preferences, for example your choice of language or region.
Tracking cookies – These are cookies recording a user's visit to a website, the individual pages visited and the links followed. If the cookie is set by a third party (for example, an advertising network) which also monitors traffic on other websites, this type of cookie may also be used to track a user's movements across different websites and to create profiles of their general online behaviour. Information collected by tracking cookies is commonly used to serve users with targeted online advertising.
Whether a cookie is considered as a 'first' or 'third party' cookie refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those cookies set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g. cookies placed by www.zoetis.com). Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie (e.g. Google Analytics).
Whether a cookie is considered as a 'persistent' or 'session' cookie refers to the duration of the cookie. A persistent cookie remains on a user's device for the period of time specified in that cookie, and is activated each time that said user visits the website that created the concerned cookie. A session cookie allows linking the actions of a user during a browser session. A session starts when a user opens a browser window and ends when the browser window is closed. Once the browser is closed, all session cookies are deleted.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
FIRST PARTY COOKIES
Cookie category
Cookie name
Duration
Purpose
Functionality cookie
SERVERID
Session
This cookie allows identifying which of our computer servers you have connected to. We use a collection of computer servers to improve website performance and to minimize impact to our users if one server fails.
Strictly necessary cookie
Jsessionid
Session
This cookie is used to manage the sessions with the  user management module, an application that manages a user’s login status.
Strictly necessary cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
Session – one year
This cookie is a general purpose platform cookie required for the functioning of the ASP.NET platform and to allow the server to maintain an anonymous user session.
Strictly necessary cookie
Aspxform
Persistent – 5 minutes
This cookie is necessary to provide login functionality.
Functionality cookie
langSelector
Persistent – 1 year
This cookie is used to remember language selection on websites where more then one language is available.
Functionality cookie
ckiePlcyAcpt
Persistent – 1 week
This cookie is used to remember status of users’ cookies policy acceptance.
Functionality cookie
KEEP ME LOGGED IN
Persistent with duration of one week
This cookie is used to allow you to remain logged into your account while navigating among our website.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Cookie category
Cookie name
Typology
Purpose
Performance cookie
GOOGLE ANALYTICS type “_eg” and “_gat” “_gali”
Persistent with duration of minutes
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to assess how our website is performing and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the page they visited without collecting any personal information.
Read on overview of privacy on the website of Google.
Performance cookie
_mkto_trk
Persistent with duration of 2 years
This cookie is used to track engagement of the recipients of our emailing campaigns.
Performance cookie
PRUM_EPISODES
Session – one year
This cookie is used by PingDom - a 3rd party service providing performance monitoring services websites.
Strictly necessary cookie
BC_BANDWITH
Session – one year
This cookie associated with the Brightcove Cloud Video hosting service detects platform and bandwidth available to manage progressive download of video to users browser.
Performance cookie
Add This
Session and persistent- one year up to two years
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our social share feature.  We use the information to assess how our social share feature is performing and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information including IP or MAID IDs and user behaviour related to social share.
Read on overview of privacy on the website of Add This.
Tracking cookie
Facebook
Session and persistent- one year up to two years
These pixels are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.  We use the information to assess how our website is performing and to help us improve the site.  The pixel tracks behaviour but does not collect personal information.
How to manage cookies?
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser or in the alternative a specific banner will appear and allow you to refuse or accept the setting of all or some cookies. These settings are usually found directly on the website or in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your internet browser.  However, if you use the cookies management option on the website or your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the website.
Once you have given us your consent to the use of cookies, we will store a cookie on your computer or device to remember this for next time. If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you will need to delete your cookies using the cookie management option on the website or your internet browser settings by clicking the option of opting out from cookies available on the website.
For more details on how to manage cookies, the following links may be helpful:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
More information on the use of cookies can be found on the website www.allaboutcookies.org, or you may always contact us in this regard by sending us an e-mail to privacy@zoetis.com.
Update
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. It is your responsibility to regularly verify whether you have read and consented to the latest version of this Policy.
This Policy was last updated on May 2018.
Select a site
zoetis.com
zoetisZO.com
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bolivia
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kenya
Latvia
Liberia
Lithuania
Malaysia
Malawi
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Vietnam
Zambia
Zimbawe
Regulatory constraints and medical practices vary from location to location. Consequently, the information provided on the site in which you enter may not be suitable for use at your location.
Home
|Sitemap
|Privacy Policy
|Cookie Policy
|Terms of Use