http://www.ilae-epilepsy.org/privacy-and-security
Home
Security & Privacy
Print
Share
Print
Share
Security & Privacy
Last updated May 2018
Terms and Conditions of Use
By accessing the International League Against Epilepsy (“ILAE”) web site ("Site") at www.ilae.org, you agree to the following terms and conditions of use (“User Agreement”). Please read this Security and Privacy Policy carefully before using this Site.
Medical and Legal Disclaimer
All information provided in and through this Site by ILAE is not intended to constitute the practice of or furnishing of professional, legal, or medical advice or diagnosis, consultation or treatment. Users must consult their own professional advisors or practitioners for such advice. Information on the Site is intended solely as general information, and should not replace the services of a trained professional or be a substitute for medical advice. ILAE does not answer specific medical questions and does not provide recommendations regarding particular professionals.
Privacy Policy
We consider the protection of our users' personal data to be important. Therefore, we have adopted a Privacy Policy outlining our personal data collection and use practices. Please refer to it for details about how we collect and use personal information from users of this Site. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this Site, and you should periodically consult this Site to stay apprised of any such changes.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The use of the site is solely at your own risk. The site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Neither ILAE, nor its Board of Directors, officers, employees, members, subsidiaries, affiliates, chapters, or agents make any warranty express or implied, representations or endorsements of any kind whatsoever with regard to any information, product, service, merchandise, or other material provided on or through the website, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
ILAE makes no warranty or guarantee that the site and/or any content therein will meet your requirements, or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, current, accurate, complete, or error-free or that the results that may be obtained by use of the site and/or any content therein will be accurate or reliable. We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, correctness, timeliness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, service, process disclosed, or merchandise or other material provided through the website or on the internet generally. You understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with the site is to cease using the site.
Limitation of Liability
You expressly understand and agree that ILAE shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary, punitive, or any other monetary damages, including without limitation, fees, fines, penalties, damages, for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data loss, or other losses (even if ILAE has been advised of the possibility of such damages) arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the site; any decision made or action taken by you or anyone else in reliance upon the information contained on or provided through the site, including liability that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in the information; the cost of procurement of any substitute services and/or products resulting from any products, data, information or services obtained or which you were unable to obtain; any link provided in connection with the site; viruses, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence; acts of God; telecommunications failure; theft or destruction of, or unauthorized access to the site or related information; or any other matter related to your use of the site. You acknowledge and agree that your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the website is to stop using the website.
ILAE specifically disclaims any and all liability arising from any content posted by a third party on any bulletin board contained in this website, including any content which may be offensive, profane, or obscene, and ILAE reserves the right to remove content that is deemed unacceptable.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold ILAE, its subsidiaries, affiliates, chapters, officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any third party claim, action or demand ("Claim") and all liabilities and settlements related thereto, including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Site and/or its Content, or any breach or violation of this User Agreement. ILAE shall provide notice to you promptly of such Claim and shall reasonably cooperate with you, at your expense, in your defense of any such Claim.
Third-Party Links and Endorsement Disclaimer
This site may provide links to other web sites maintained by third parties which are not under the control of ILAE. ILAE makes no representations or warranties with respect to any linked site. Your use of any linked site is solely at your own risk. Such links are provided for your convenience and do not reflect or imply a recommendation, endorsement or affiliation by ILAE, its Board of Directors, Officers, Employees, Members, Subsidiaries, Chapters or its Affiliates with respect to the linked site or providers of such linked sites. ILAE makes no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy of any items or claims contained therein including the accuracy, quality, reliability, completeness, currency, quality, performance or any other characteristic or feature of the information, products and/or services available or advertised on or through any linked site. ILAE is not responsible in any manner (including without limitation with respect to any loss or injury you may suffer) for any matter associated with the linked site, including without limitation, the content provided on or through any such linked site or your reliance thereon. In addition, you should be aware that your use of any linked site is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that site, including the privacy policies (or lack thereof). Reference on the Site to any specific commercial products, process or service by trade name, trademark, manufacture, or otherwise does not constitute or imply its endorsement or recommendation by ILAE, its Board of Directors, Officers, Employees, Members, Subsidiaries, Chapters or its Affiliates. The views and opinions of independent authors regarding such products or processes do not state or reflect those of ILAE, its Board of Directors, Officers, Employees, Members, Subsidiaries, Chapters or its Affiliates.
Intellectual Property
Text on this website is available under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License, except all videos and images, which remain copyrighted by the International League Against Epilepsy. Protection extends to text and graphics, the selection, arrangement and presentation of all materials, and the overall design of the Site. Any material you use from this website must be attributed to the ILAE, per the Creative Commons requirements.
INTERNATIONAL LEAGUE AGAINST EPILEPSY and ILAE, ILAE journal titles and all associated logos are trademark(s)/service mark(s) of the International League Against Epilepsy. ILAE reserves fully and unconditionally all branding rights associated with these trademarks/service marks.
Linking Policy
Links may be made to the Site provided the links do not use the trademarks or service marks of ILAE. Links to the Site may not suggest or imply that ILAE, its Board of Directors, Officers, Employees, Members, Subsidiaries, Chapters or its Affiliates endorse or support the linking site, its sponsors and/or its advertisers, unless prior written permission to indicate any such endorsement or support has been granted. Framing of the Site or any of its content is strictly prohibited.
Children's privacy
The Website is intended for adults age 18 and over. It is not intended for or designed to attract persons under the age of 18. We do not permit registration by, nor do we collect personally identifiable information from, any person we actually know to be under the age of 18, unless ILAE receives their parent’s or guardian’s consent.
Modifications
ILAE reserves the right to modify this Site at any time, including the Content contained on the site. ILAE reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change this User Agreement from time to time, and your continued use after such change(s) take effect will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of and agreement to the new User Agreement.
Term and Termination
This User Agreement will take effect as soon as you begin using this Site. ILAE reserves the right, at any time and for any reason, without notice to you, (i) to deny you access to this Site, any materials or Content on the Site, or any portion thereof; (ii) to change, remove or discontinue any of the Content, materials or information available on or through this Site; or (iii) to terminate this User Agreement.
Jurisdictional Matters
You and ILAE and any of its Directors, Officers, Employees, Members, Subsidiaries, Chapters or Affiliates agree that this User Agreement and the relationship between you and ILAE will be governed by the laws of the U.S.A., without respect to its conflict of laws provisions and that venue with respect to any dispute between you and ILAE will rest exclusively in the state and federal courts located in the U.S.A. The failure of ILAE to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or condition. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the Site or this Agreement must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose. ILAE may provide notice to you by email or regular mail. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to the ILAE Newsletter
To subscribe, please click on the button below.
Please send me information about ILAE activities and other
information of interest to the epilepsy community
Subscribe