http://www.sportsrehab.info/info/legal-disclaimer/
634
Skip to content
Request AppointmentOffice HoursOffice Hours
Day Hours
M 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
T 9:00 am - 8:00 pm
W 8:00 am - 4:00 pm
T 10:00 am - 8:00 pm
F 8:00 am - 2:00 pm
Call (604) 888-1533
Email Usfacebook social buttoninstagram social button
Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
MenuHomeAbout Us
Professional Links
FAQ
Meet the Team
Dr. Ben Reid | Chiropractor
Brad Penner | Kinesiologist
Dale Kobialko | Massage Services & PEMF
Alex Mistiades | Registered Massage Therapy
Mark Kramarik | Acupuncture
Braden Wilkins | Registered Massage Therapy
Jennifer D'Souza | Physiotherapy
Our Services
Chiropractic
Shockwave Therapy
Kinesiology
Laser Phototherapy
Decompression
Scoliosis
ScoliBrace
Scoliosis FAQ
Massage
Physiotherapy
Acupuncture
PEMF
What to Expect
Patient Reviews
Contact
Legal Disclaimer
The information contained in this Site is for general guidance on matters of health interest only. While we have made every attempt to ensure that the information contained in this Site has been obtained from reliable sources, Langley Sports & Rehabilitation is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this information.
All information in this Site is provided “as is”, with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of performance, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event will Langley Sports & Rehabilitation, its related partnerships or corporations, or the partners, agents or employees thereof be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in this Site or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Certain links in this Site connect to other Web Sites maintained by third parties over whom Langley Sports & Rehabilitation has no control. Langley Sports & Rehabilitation makes no representations as to the accuracy or any other aspect of information contained in other Web Sites.
Email Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
Comments, Requests, Questions, or Suggestions
First Name
Last Name
Respond to me via:
Email
Phone
No Response
Email Address
Phone Number
I agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. For more info, read disclaimer.
Please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. Although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. Please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. Communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.
I consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. For more info, read our privacy policy.
Leave this empty:
Send Message
Request Appointment (pending confirmation)
Patient Type
New Patient
Current Patient
Returning Patient
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Respond to me via:
Email
Phone
Preferred Day/Time:
Date
Appointment Hour
H
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Appointment Minute
M
00
15
30
45
AM or PM
AM
PM
Comments or Questions
I agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. For more info, read disclaimer.
Please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. Although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. Please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. Communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.
I consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. For more info, read our privacy policy.
Leave this empty:
Send Message
Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
205-8047 199 StLangley, BC V2Y 0E2
Phone: (604) 888-1533CopyrightLegalPrivacyAccessibilitySitemap
Chiropractic Websites by Perfect Patients