http://www.croftsmd.com/privacy-policy
Home
Dr. Crofts
Background
Meet Dr. Crofts
Board Certified
Education / Training
In The News
Patient Thank You's
Online Reviews
Gallery
Procedures
Breast
Breast Augmentation
Re-augmentation
Breast Lift - Mastopexy
Breast Reduction
Implant Removal
Pocket Adjustment
V-Beam Laser Treatment in Utah
Body
Abdominoplasty - Tummy Tuck
Brachioplasty - Arm Lift
Liposuction
Renuvion
Lower Body Lift
Mommy Makeover
Labiaplasty
FemTouch Vaginal Laser
O-Shot
Cellulaze
Gynecomastia
Face
Botox Treatments
Ear Surgery
Eyelid Surgery
Facelift
Neck Lift
Skin
TOTAL FX Laser Treatment
Financing
Contact Us
Our Staff
Forms
Pay
Links
Contact
Blog
Out of Town Patients
UPSS President
Privacy Policy
MedSpa
Forms
Hart
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter you’re: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect others or ours rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.croftsmd.com
385 W 600 N
Lindon, UT 84042
United States
info@aesthetica.com
SUBSCRIBE NOW
You'll receive the latest news and trends in plastic surgery from Dr. Crofts and Aesthetica.
Copyright 2015 Kimball M. Crofts, MD PC. All Rights Reserved.
SEE BEFORE & AFTER
PHOTO GALLERIES
View Now
© 1998-2020.
Results and patient experience may vary.
Kimball Crofts MD, PC.
Rights reserved. Review us on Google Plus
Home
Dr. Crofts
Gallery
Procedures
Financing
Contact Us
Out of Town Patients
UPSS President
Privacy Policy
Photo Galleries Learn About Services Meet Dr. Crofts More Information