http://www.calsna.org/privacy.php
Educating and empowering members to provide healthy meals to foster
an environment where children achieve overall wellness and lifelong success.
Log in
JOIN
Contact Us
SEARCH
Home
MembershipServices
Board of Directors
Mission & Vision
Membership
Chapters
Contact CSNA
Nutrition& Recipes
CSNA Nutrition Resources
Recipes
Speakers List
Food For Thought
School Wellness
TrayTalk
STEPS Challenge
Nutrition Advisory Council
Public Policy& Legislation
General Info
Legislative Action Conf.
Members Only PPL Info
ProfessionalDevelopment
Continuing Education
Scholarships Info
Presentations
SNA Certificate Program
Credentialing
School Nutrition University
Jobs
Directors/ Supervisors
Managers
Staff
Other
MarketingTools
IndustryPartners
Become a Member
Industry Marketplace
Sponsorships & Advertising
Meetings& Events
Calendar
Legislative Action Conference
Annual Conference
Child Nutrition and Industry Summit
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The California School Nutrition Association (CSNA) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its website. CSNA
strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information
provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, CSNA has implemented the following policy.
What Information Does CSNA Collect?
Most data CSNA collects are used only to help CSNA better serve its members. It is our general policy to collect and store only
personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will notify all users
by e-mail or a special announcement placed on the website.
From General Users. CSNA does not collect any personal information from users browsing its website. Users to the public
areas of CSNA's website browse anonymously. Only aggregate data -- such as the number of hits per page -- are collected.
Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
From CSNA Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to Members Only resources and personalization
features on the CSNA website, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. These data are
submitted voluntarily.
What Information Does CSNA Collect from Children?
While certain portions of CSNA's website may include content suitable for children under the age of 13 (individually a "Child"
and collectively "Children") to learn about nutrition, CSNA does not knowingly collect any personal information about Children.
Children can surf CSNA's website and view content without any personal information being collected.
If CSNA becomes aware that a Child has entered additional personal information in the feedback
form, such as a first and last name and/or an email address, such information is deleted from CSNA's system.
If CSNA becomes aware
that it has inadvertently collected any personal information from a Child in any other fashion, the information will be deleted
from CSNA's system as soon as practicable.
How Does CSNA Use Data Collected?
CSNA uses information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
CSNA Member Services and Products. Generally, CSNA uses data collected to improve its own Web content; to respond to visitors'
interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. CSNA also makes select member contact information available through the CSNA Directory to other
members using its website and to those who register for its conferences. CSNA may provide limited data to third parties that
offer products and services. Users may request CSNA to refrain from disclosing the data it collects to third parties by contacting
the CSNA Office by phone:(818) 842-3040 or online to express their preferences if
they determine later that they do not wish to have the information shared.
Consent to Use Personal Information. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act(s) 1984 and 1998 (as applicable), CSNA or its agents
must store, host and otherwise process the information (including personal data) supplied by the User when registering for this website.
Credit Card Account Information. CSNA does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers.
When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, CSNA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the
appropriate clearinghouse.
How Does CSNA Use Cookies?
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a User's hard disk for use either during
a particular session ("per-session" cookie) or for future use ("persistent" cookie). CSNA uses cookies only to facilitate automated
activity, store and track passwords, determine appropriate solicitations, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to
disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or
unknowingly provided. Registration enables the site to better determine members' interest areas and provide the most relevant
information.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites?
This website contains links to other websites. CSNA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content
of such sites.
What Means Of Redress Are Available?
If any User suspects CSNA has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please
contact us by contacting our office by phone:(818) 842-3040 or online.
Board of Directors
Mission & Vision
Membership
Chapters
Contact CSNA
Downloads
> Coming Soon
Upcoming CSNA Events
November 11-14, 2021 69th Annual ConferenceSacramento, CA
California School Nutrition Association
PO Box 11376, Burbank, California 91510
Phone: (818) 842-3040
|
Fax: (818) 843-7423
Child Nutrition and Industry Summit Sponsors:
Home |
Membership SERVICES
|
Nutrition INFORMATION
|
PUBLIC Policy & LEGISLATION |
Professional Development
|
INDUSTRY Partners
|
MEETINGS & Events
|
OUTLET STORE
© 2002 - 2020 California School Nutrition Association. All Rights Reserved.
|
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy