http://www.maternitywise.org/privacy-policy/
Thank you for taking the time to visit maternitywise.org. We at maternitywise.org make every effort to protect and respect the trust of our customers when they visit us online. We are committed to your privacy and there is no exception to our policy regarding your visit. Internet safety is one of the biggest worries for our online guests and customers please note we take this very serious.
Thank you for visiting our site online and for putting your trust in our company.
maternitywise.org is delighted to make available information to all of its consumers, clients and guests about our online privacy policy. Please be assured maternitywise.org takes every effort in complying with efforts to make this site protected.
This privacy policy only applies to our corporate informational web site for [Company Name]. Right to use to and uses of the web site covered by this privacy policy are also in line with our Terms and Conditions of Use.
We do not collect information at all
maternitywise.org does not gather any personal information pertaining to your first and last name, your email address and your physical address. We only gain information, when voluntarily submitted by you. An example of this may be your personal information when you submit a request for information or order a product from our site, which of course would be confidential.
Sharing your personal information
maternitywise.org will not share your personal information.
We only look at the number of visits to determine how affective our site is in helping you find the things you need. It is at your discretion to click links to outside sites, as they may share your information.
maternitywise.org reserves the right to use or release your information as needed to satisfy any law, legal request, to protect the integrity of this web site, also to fulfill your requests or to cooperate in any law enforcement inquiry or any inquiries in the matter of public safety.
Cookies
The information residing inside a cookie is information that has transpired between your computer and our site. This information is valuable to us and allows us to improve your browsing experiences.
If you have logged into our company site, you may opt to use cookies in order to remember you when you return to our site.
Links to Other Sites
Please note, there are links on maternitywise.org’s site in which take you to a different site altogether. maternitywise.org is not responsible for the links on the adjacent pages and refer you to the other companies privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Over the course of a few months it may become necessary for our company to make changes to our private policy. We reserve the right to make those changes without letting you know. Please make every attempt to visit our Privacy Policy page if you have not visited in a few months.
Search
Search for:
PagesAfter the Birth of Your Baby
Antenatal Tests and Care
Avoidance during Pregnancy
Health and Care During Pregnancy
Labour and Birth Stages
New Born Care
Pregnancy Complications