http://www.cosmetologyceo.com/privacy.htm
Contact
Us
Home
|  The State  |
Course Overview
|   Course
By Mail  |  Online Course  |  Newsletter
|  Support
Immediate Electronic Reporting, ONLY 35 True or False Quiz Questions Lets You Renew Faster Than Ever!
Please Read Our Company Privacy Policy:
Merchant Service Processing
Florida Continuing Education Online INC, respects and is committed to protecting your privacy, and we use a trusted company to process your electronic payments to ensure that information you submit remains secure. The company that we use to collect your personal and payment information and to process your transactions is Bank of America Merchant Services, and the Gateway Company First Data.
Payment Information Submitted Online
We do not process your payment transactions and we do not recieve any of your payment information that you enter into the online payment form when you make your course fee payment. Your credit or debit card number, and card security code is maintained by the trusted gateway company First Data and they do not supply that information to us.
Payment Information Submitted By Phone
Credit card information submitted over the phone to us so we can assist you with making your course fee payment is accessible only to the company's licensed provider, and can not be accessed or viewed by any other member of our staff at any time. The information that you give the provider over the phone for a payment to be processed is not retained in our records. Once a successful payment is processed the information called in is deleted immediately and not held on account.
Personal Information
This privacy statement applies to all websites and domains owned by Florida Continuing Education Online INC. It covers personally identifiable information, anonymous data collection and aggregate reporting. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name or personal identity.
What We Collect
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us through requests for course materials and the completion of courses; e-mails; and to handle support issues. This may include your name, address, phone, fax, e-mail address, license number, billing information, transaction and credit card information called in over the phone.
Anonymous Browsing
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously. While we do gather information on IP addresses (the Internet address of your computer) of visitors and log which parts of the site you visit, we do not link that IP address to any personal information. Florida Continuing Education Online INC may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information to facilitate your use of our online products and services.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to complete your purchases, handle your requests for assistance or support. We also use it to keep records up-to-date and to notify you via periodic e-mails of technical issues, specials and promotions and other related product and service information. In cases where there are processing issues we must send you an email requesting you take action to correct it. You must provide a valid email address at the time you pay your course fees, and you must return to that email account some time later but within 24 hours to check for an email from us confirming that we were able to successfully process your records. Or to check if our email indicates that we found an issue you must resolve. You cannot opt out of emails that we send requesting that you make corrections or provide us with additional information needed to complete the processing of your records.
We also reserve the right to notify you by email when you are due to renew your license. If you do not wish to have any additional reminders you can opt out at the bottom of the email.
If you do not wish to receive e-mails from us regarding specials, you may opt out by calling
or by e-mailing. Our contact information is posted on this website on our Contact Us"
web page.
Who We Share Information With
We never sell or rent your personal information and will not share it with third parties without your permission. The only exception to this policy involves legal issues. Florida Continuing Education Online INC may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law (for example, when served with a subpoena) or regulation; or to comply with legal processes served on the site, such as reports of course completion to your state's licensing agency; or to protect the rights and property of Florida Continuing Education Online INC.
Safeguards
Florida Continuing Education Online INC is committed to data security for any information collected on our site. We have put in place appropriate security measures at our physical site to protect against theft, misuse or alteration of any information we have collected from you. Online, we offer state-of-the-art measures including Thawte for SSL encryption for your protection. If you wish to purchase a product but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may contact a customer service representative over the telephone. Simply call.
Personal Information
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Our customer service staff members may access your personal data, but credit card information was never collected or retained so no one is able to view that in our office.
Problems or Complaints with the Florida Continuing Education Online INC
Privacy Policy
We value your comments and opinions. If you have questions, comments or a complaint about compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us any time.
Florida Continuing Education Online INC
~ 6284 STARHILL DR ~ MILTON ~ Florida ~ 32570