http://www.copaxone.com/copaxone/legal-notice
LEGAL NOTICE AND TERMS OF USE
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) maintains this site www.COPAXONE.com (the “site”") for your personal information, education, and communication. While you should feel free to browse the site, please understand that your access to and use of the site is subject to the following terms and conditions (“terms and conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Teva concerning the site are superseded to the extent they conflict with these terms and conditions. Your use of or linking to any content of the site, except as provided in these terms and conditions, is strictly prohibited.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE TEVA SITE.
By using the site or by clicking a box that states that you accept or agree to these terms, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use the Teva site.
The site is not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. By accessing and using the site, you have indicated that you are at least 13 years old or older.
Note that special terms apply to some services, like rules for particular contests or sweepstakes or other features or activities. These terms are posted in connection with the applicable service. Any such terms are in addition to these terms of use, and in the event of a conflict, prevail over these terms of use.
You acknowledge that these terms of use are supported by reasonable and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you acknowledge that such consideration includes your use of the Teva site and receipt of data, materials and information available at or through the Teva site, the possibility of our use or display of your Solicited Submissions (as defined in clause 7 below).
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted and may not be used without the written permission of Teva, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the text on the site. Teva neither warrants nor represents that your use of material displayed on the site will not infringe rights of third parties. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Teva intellectual property right (including, but not limited to any patent, trademark, trade name, copyright or trade secret).
You may download material displayed on the site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials or as specified on the site. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the site, including the text, images, audio, and video, for public or commercial purposes.
When you access Teva through a mobile network, your network or roaming provider’s messaging, data and other rates and fees will apply. Downloading, installing or using certain features of this site may be prohibited or restricted by your network provider and not all aspects of this site may work with your network provider or device.
Images of people or places displayed on the site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Teva. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these terms and conditions or as provided elsewhere on the site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. You are also advised that Teva will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
The trademark logos and service marks displayed on the site (collectively the “trademarks”), including COPAXONE®, are registered and unregistered trademarks of Teva and others. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks without the written permission of Teva or such third party that may own the trademarks.
Teva has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
In these terms of use, we use the word “Submissions” to mean text, messages, ideas, concepts, pitches, suggestions, stories, treatments, formats, artwork, photographs, drawings, videos, audiovisual works, musical compositions (including lyrics), sound recordings, characterizations, your and/or other persons' names, likenesses, voices, usernames, profiles, actions, appearances, performances and/or other biographical information or material, and/or other similar materials that you submit, post, upload, embed, display, communicate or otherwise distribute (collectively, "Distribute") on or through the Teva site.
There are two types of Submissions: Solicited Submissions and Unsolicited Submissions. “Solicited Submissions” means those Submissions (a) that we expressly request or enable you to provide to us via any feature or activity on the Teva site for our review or display and possible specifically-defined consideration or compensation (collectively, "Consideration") (such as prizes or other value in games, sweepstakes, contests and promotions); and (b) that you Distribute on or through the Teva site for which you do not seek Consideration. "Unsolicited Submissions" are any and all Submissions that do not fall within subparagraphs (a) or (b) of this paragraph. Our long-standing company policy does not allow us to accept or consider Unsolicited Submissions so please do not Distribute Unsolicited Submissions on or through the Teva site. We want to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by us or under our direction might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. We therefore ask that you not Distribute any Unsolicited Submission. In any event, you agree that any Submission you make is not being made in confidence or trust and that no confidential or fiduciary relationship is intended or created between you and us in any way, and that you have no expectation of any review, compensation or consideration of any type (other than any stated Consideration). Except as expressly stated in these terms of use, the provisions of these terms of use apply equally to Unsolicited Submissions and Solicited Submissions. Accordingly, we, our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users shall be entitled to exploit and disclose all Submissions, and we shall not be liable to you or to any person claiming through you for any exploitation or disclosure of any Submission.
While Teva uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the site, Teva makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Teva shall not be held responsible for any action taken that is based on the information presented on the site, and all users of the site agree that access and use of the site is at the user’s own risk. Teva assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the site.
Your use of and browsing of the site are at your own risk. Neither Teva nor any other party involved in creating, producing, hosting or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the site or its contents. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
Teva also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and non proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Teva or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Teva is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the site for any purposes whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling products using such ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques. We also reserve the right, but disclaim any obligation or responsibility, to (a) refuse to post or communicate or remove any Submission from the Teva site that violates these terms of use (including any rules of conduct) and (b) identify any user to third parties, and/or disclose to third parties any Submission or personally identifiable information, when we believe in good faith that such identification or disclosure will either (i) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (ii) help to enforce these terms of use (including the rules of conduct) and/or our contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and game rules, and/or protect the safety or security of any person or property, including this site. Moreover, we retain all rights to remove Submissions at any time for any reason or no reason whatsoever.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username(s), password(s), and your account(s), as well as all activities that occur under your account(s). You hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us, our licensors, licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and each of the foregoing entities' respective resellers, distributors, service providers and suppliers, and all of the foregoing entities' respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities and costs (including settlement costs and any legal or other fees and expenses for investigating or defending any actions or threatened actions) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these terms of use or claims arising from your use of the Teva site and/or your account(s). You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to employ separate counsel and assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
Teva reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate or block your access to the site or to modify or remove any content from the site at any time and without notice, for any reason.
Any failure by Teva to exercise or enforce any right under these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right. If any portion of these terms and conditions is held to be unenforceable, that portion shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein.
Teva may at any time revise these terms and conditions including by modification, deletion and/or addition of any portion thereof of this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions to which you are bound. If we make a material amendment to these terms of use, we will notify you of such amendment by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by posting notice of such amendment on the site covered by these terms of use. Any such amendment to these terms of use will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following either our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or our posting of notice of the changes on the site. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of any amendment described in the notice.
Teva maintains this site as a service to the internet community. The site has been designed to provide general information about Teva and its products. These pages are not intended to provide investment or medical advice, nor do they provide instruction on the appropriate use of products manufactured for or sold by Teva or products currently under development by Teva, its affiliates, related companies, or its licensors or joint venture partners. Information on this site regarding products approved for marketing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full prescribing information for such products. Users of this site should be aware that products under development described herein have not been found safe or effective by any regulatory agency and are not approved for any use outside of clinical trials.
You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms of use or the Teva site shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in state or federal courts located in the State of Kansas, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. Neither you nor Teva will seek to have a dispute heard as a class action, private attorney general action, or in any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity. If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law. We make no representation that the content on the Teva site is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Those who choose to access the Teva site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws including any applicable local laws.
If you choose to provide us with personal information about yourself, we will handle your information according to the terms of our Privacy Notice. Our Privacy Notice is incorporated by reference into these Terms.
Contact Teva: If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, please contact us by e-mail at USSMLegalNotice@tevapharm.com or write to us:
Office of General Counsel
Teva Pharmaceuticals
400 Interpace Parkway
Building A
Parsippany, NJ 07054
Effective Date: June 13, 2019
DISCLAIMER
This site is intended only to provide information about COPAXONE® drug therapy. This site was intended specifically for individuals who are U.S. residents. This content has not been approved for non-U.S. residents. The information should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit, call, consultation or advice of your physician or other healthcare provider. This web site does not recommend the self-management of health problems. Information obtained through this site is not exhaustive and does not cover all ailments, physical conditions or their treatment. Should you have any healthcare-related questions, please call or see your physician or other healthcare provider promptly. You should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read here.
VISITORS TO www.COPAXONE.com ARE URGED AND ADVISED TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF A PHYSICIAN BEFORE BEGINNING ANY TREATMENT. Such individuals are specifically warned to seek professional medical advice prior to initiating any form of health treatment.
TOP
Toggle
Use
COPAXONE® is a prescription medicine that is used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease, and active secondary progressive disease, in adults.
Important Safety Information
Do not use COPAXONE® if you are allergic to glatiramer acetate or mannitol.
Serious side effects may happen right after or within minutes after you inject COPAXONE® at any time during your course of treatment. Call your doctor right away if you have any of these immediate post-injection reaction symptoms including: redness to your cheeks or other parts of the body (flushing); chest pain; fast heart beat; anxiety; breathing problems or tightness in your throat; or swelling, rash, hives, or itching. If you have symptoms of an immediate post-injection reaction, do not give yourself more injections until a doctor tells you to.
You can have chest pain as part of an immediate post-injection reaction or by itself. This type of chest pain usually lasts a few minutes and can begin around 1 month after you start using COPAXONE®. Call your doctor right away if you have chest pain while using COPAXONE®.
Damage to the fatty tissue just under your skin’s surface (lipoatrophy) and, rarely, death of your skin tissue (necrosis) can happen when you use COPAXONE®. Damage to the fatty tissue under your skin can cause a “dent” at the injection site that may not go away. You can reduce your chance of developing these problems by following your doctor’s instructions for how to use COPAXONE® and choosing a different injection area each time you use COPAXONE®.
Liver problems, including liver failure, can occur with COPAXONE®. Call your healthcare provider right away if you have symptoms, such as nausea, loss of appetite, tiredness, dark colored urine and pale stools, yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eye, bleeding more easily than normal, confusion, or sleepiness.
The most common side effects of COPAXONE® include redness, pain, swelling, itching, or a lump at the injection site; rash; shortness of breath; flushing; and chest pain.
Tell your doctor if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of COPAXONE®. For more information, ask your doctor or pharmacist. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects.
You are encouraged to report side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
Please read the Patient Information in the full Prescribing Information.
Connect with us on the Lift MS® Blog & Facebook
Injections for 3-times-a-week COPAXONE® 40 mg must be at least 48 hours apart.
†Applies only to daily COPAXONE® 20 mg. Certain limits and restrictions apply.
COPAXONE Co-pay Solutions® Program Rules for COPAXONE® (Glatiramer Acetate Injection) 20 mg—Patient Eligibility, Terms and Conditions: Valid only for qualified patients with a valid prescription for COPAXONE® 20 mg/mL. No substitutions permitted. This card is valid only for patients with commercial insurance coverage for COPAXONE® 20 mg/mL. This card is not valid for prescriptions paid for in part or in full by any state or federally funded program, including but not limited to, Medicare or Medicaid, Medigap, VA, DoD, TRICARE, the Puerto Rico Government Health Insurance Plan or by private health insurance plans or programs which reimburse you for the entire costs of your prescription drugs. This card is not valid for patients who are Medicare eligible and enrolled in an employer-sponsored health plan or prescription drug benefit program for retirees (i.e., you are eligible for Medicare Part D but receive a prescription drug benefit through a former employer). Cash Discount Cards and other non-insurance plans are not valid as primary under this offer. Commercially insured patients pay as little as $0 on each fill. Maximum benefit and quantity limits apply. Offer expires on 12/31/20. Your acceptance of this offer must be consistent with the terms of any drug benefit provided by a health insurer, health plan, or other third-party payer, and you agree to report acceptance of this offer to your health insurer, health plan, or third-party payer as may be required. Offer limited to one card per person and may not be used with any other discount, coupon or offer. Offer is not transferable. It is illegal to sell, purchase, trade or counterfeit this card. This card is not health insurance. This card is the property of Teva Neuroscience, Inc. and must be returned upon request. Offer valid only in the United States or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico at participating retail, mail order and specialty pharmacies. For California patients, offer not valid unless the patient has satisfied any prior authorization or step therapy requirements imposed by the insurer. Void in Massachusetts and in any other state where prohibited by law, taxed, or restricted. Teva Neuroscience, Inc. reserves the right to change, rescind, revoke, or discontinue this offer at any time without notice.
††Applies only to 3-times-a-week COPAXONE® 40 mg. Certain limits and restrictions apply.
COPAXONE Co-pay Solutions® Program Rules for COPAXONE® (Glatiramer Acetate Injection) 40 mg—Patient Eligibility, Terms and Conditions: Valid only for qualified patients with a valid prescription for COPAXONE® 40 mg/mL. No substitutions permitted. This card is valid only for patients with commercial insurance coverage for COPAXONE® 40 mg/mL. This card is not valid for prescriptions paid for in part or in full by any state or federally funded program, including but not limited to, Medicare or Medicaid, Medigap, VA, DoD, TRICARE, the Puerto Rico Government Health Insurance Plan or by private health insurance plans or programs which reimburse you for the entire costs of your prescription drugs. This card is not valid for patients who are Medicare eligible and enrolled in an employer-sponsored health plan or prescription drug benefit program for retirees (i.e., you are eligible for Medicare Part D but receive a prescription drug benefit through a former employer). Cash Discount Cards and other non-insurance plans are not valid as primary under this offer. Commercially insured patients pay as little as $0 on each fill. Maximum benefit and quantity limits apply. Offer expires on 12/31/20. Your acceptance of this offer must be consistent with the terms of any drug benefit provided by a health insurer, health plan, or other third-party payer, and you agree to report acceptance of this offer to your health insurer, health plan, or third-party payer as may be required. Offer limited to one card per person and may not be used with any other discount, coupon or offer. Offer is not transferable. It is illegal to sell, purchase, trade or counterfeit this card. This card is not health insurance. This card is the property of Teva Neuroscience, Inc. and must be returned upon request. Offer valid only in the United States or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico at participating retail, mail order and specialty pharmacies. For California patients, offer not valid unless the patient has satisfied any prior authorization or step therapy requirements imposed by the insurer. Void in Massachusetts and in any other state where prohibited by law, taxed, or restricted. Teva Neuroscience, Inc. reserves the right to change, rescind, revoke, or discontinue this offer at any time without notice.
autoject®2 for glass syringe is a registered trademark of Owen Mumford, Ltd. Available by prescription only. Apple is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
Close You are about to leave this site
You are about to leave COPAXONE.com and enter a website operated by a third party.
Would you like to continue?
Yes No
Close Are you a healthcare professional?
The information on this site is intended for healthcare professionals in the United States. Are you a healthcare professional in the United States?
Yes No