http://www.searchone.org/privacy/
(800) 293-7248 | Emergency Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Donate
Volunteer
Email Us
Information
Emergency
Privacy Policy
Search One Rescue Team is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, and use information you provide or we collect online. By using the pages on this Site or other services covered by the posted Privacy Policy, you are accepting the practices described in the Privacy Policy. We pledge to follow the Privacy Policy below, as well as all applicable United States laws and regulations. In addition, you should check the Site regularly for the latest version and discontinue use of the Site if you do not agree with any of the terms.
Information Collection
As is the standard policy of most websites, Search One Rescue Team automatically gathers information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to:
Respond to customer service requests
Respond to your questions and concerns
Potentially conduct research and analysis
Information Sharing
As a data controller we take your privacy seriously. We will never sell, rent, or make available your data to anyone other than government officials in line with US and State Law. We will only share your personal information with third parties in the following instances:
As required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process.
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If Search One Rescue Team is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
To any other third party with your prior consent.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use Google Analytics, Facebook Pixels, and cookies in order to track customer interaction with our Website. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient. Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
As is the standard policy of most websites we may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
If you do not want this data used, please block all cookies by following this guide. Please be aware however, that if you block cookies that are in use to make this website function, you may experience registration issues.
Additionally, you can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features here, by installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Security
When we collect personal information directly from you, we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after we receive it. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology, though no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our site, you can contact us.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, as well as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in these emails or you can contact us.
Additional Policy Information
Our Website includes widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company. Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy statement by calling us at (940) 326-9777 or sending us an email here.