https://www.porh.psu.edu/privacy-policy/
MenuHomeAboutAbout PORHAnnual ReportStrategic PlanAbout Rural HealthDefinitions of RuralNational Rural Health DayMediaMagazineVideosAudioPresentationsCurrent NewsResearch + ReportsResearch + ReportsRural Horizons MagazineProgramsHospital and Healthsystem InitiativesHospital and Healthsystem InitiativesCritical Access HospitalsCritical Access Hospitals DirectoryCritical Access RegulationsMedicare Rural Hospital Flexibility Program – FlexFLEX Executive SummaryFLEX HistoryFLEX ProgramsSmall Rural Hospital Improvement ProgramSHIP ResourcesSHIP Evaluation FormQuality Improvement & Training ProgramQuality Improvement ResourcesRural Emergency Department Transfer CommunicationEDTC ToolkitEDTC FactsPatients EDTC ReportMBQIP ResourcesMBQIP Reporting GuidelinesDiversity in NursingOur PartnersResource CenterPatient Safety PresentationsPowerPoint PresentationsDischarge TemplatesReadmission ResourcesOral HealthOral HealthMORE CareOral Health TrainingOral Health ResourcesWorker Protection Standard and Agricultural Safety and HealthWorker Protection Standard and Agricultural Safety and HealthWPS Training ResourcesEPA Worker Protection StandardAgricultural Safety Training DVDsFarm Worker Protection Program Safety BrochureHow to Comply ManualFarm Worker FAQsFarm Worker Helpful Links and ResourcesContinuing Education & OutreachContinuing Education & Outreach
Please also visit the
Rural Health Resource Center
Conference Announcements page
for upcoming events.
Rural Health Center
Swimming Pool Pesticide Applicator Training ProgramSwimming Pool Pesticide Applicator Training Program
All in-person classes have been cancelled.
Registration is Closed for online Webinars for Recertification credits.
Population HealthPopulation HealthRural Health ClinicsRural Health ClinicsPractice Operations National Database – PONDPrescription Drug Monitoring ProgramPrescription Drug Monitoring ProgramPrescription Drug Monitoring Program ResourcesHuman Trafficking and the Rural Health System ResponseHuman Trafficking and the Rural Health System ResponseAwardsFundingFundingFederal Government FundingState FundingPrivate FundingWorkforce Repayment ProgramContact Us
Skip to content
Home » Privacy Policy
Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health Privacy Policy
In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health. Your privacy is critically important to us. At Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control your personal information.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
If you would like to be excluded from direct marketing communications or file a complaint, you can specify your preferences by contacting porh@psu.edu.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
What This Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use https://www.porh.psu.edu/.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we will refer to our website and other products and services collectively as “Services.”
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so–for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect information in three ways: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information that you provide to us. The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. Here are some examples:
Basic Information: We ask for basic information from you in order to communicate with you.
Personal Information: If you have a public social media or other account, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have an account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, such as a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that–public–so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Personal Data: We collect personal data which may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, images, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests, hobbies, educational details, employment details, etc.
Social Security Number: Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health may collect your social security number and any of your personal data as necessary for background checks, credit reports, employment, etc. You are not legally required to provide your social security number; However, we will be unable to process your background check, credit report, employment application, etc. without this information, which is as a requirement for the accuracy of these transactions.
Transaction and Billing Information: If you buy an item or service from us, you will provide additional personal and payment information that is required to process the transaction and your payment, such as your name, credit card information, and contact information. Processing is handled via a trusted third-party gateway.
Communications With Us: You may also provide us information when you respond to surveys or communicate with us about a support question
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log Information: Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information.
Usage Information: We collect information about your usage of our Services. We collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, features enabled for your website, and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, as well as get insights on how people use our Services, so we can make our Services better.
Location Information: We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (when, for example, you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may get information, such as a mailing address, from third party services about individuals who are not yet our clients, which we may use, for example, for marketing and advertising purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How And Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services–for example, to set up and maintain your account or charge you for any of our paid Services;
To further develop and improve our Services–for example by adding new features that we think our users will enjoy or benefit from.
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our Services, which helps us improve our Services and make them easier to use;
To measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition–for example, we may analyze how many individuals we serve or the features used by those who continue to use our Services after a certain length of time;
To monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, protect the security of our Services, detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health and others, which may result in us declining a transaction or the use of our Services;
To communicate with you, for example through an email, about information and events offered by Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health and others we think will be of interest to you, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date on Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health and our products/services; and
To personalize your experience using our Services, provide recommendations, target our informational messages to groups of our users (for example, those who have been our user for a certain length of time), and serve relevant advertisements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account–for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a Service; or
The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your information–for example, to provide and update our Services, to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard our Services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, and to personalize your experience; or
You have given us your consent
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We do not sell our users’ private personal information.
We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy:
Subsidiaries, Employees, and Independent Contractors: We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our Services or to process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries, employees, and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Third Party Vendors: We may share information about you with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This group includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g. by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns), those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers), and companies that make products available on our websites, who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them.
Legal Requests: We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others: We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay.
Business Transfers: In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health by another company, or in the unlikely event that Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties with which you authorize us to do so.
Aggregated or De-Identified Information: We may share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services and we may share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Other Site Owners: If you have an account and leave a comment on a site that uses our Services, your IP address and the email address associated with your account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment.
Published Support Requests: If you send us a request (for example, via a support email or one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is disclosed publicly.
Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it–which are described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information–and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
For example, we keep the web server logs that record information about a visitor to Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health’s website, such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health’s website and investigate issues if something goes wrong. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the Information that You Provide: If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services may not be accessible.
Limit Access to Information On Your Mobile Device: Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the ability to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you do so, you may not be able to use certain features.
Opt-Out of Electronic Communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. Just follow the instructions in those messages. If you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account and legal notices.
Close Your Account: While we would
be very sad to see you go, if you no longer want to use our Services, you can close your account. Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above–for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to do that, or you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, locate our Contact page to find out how to reach us.
EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please contact us.
This website is owned by Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health
We are located at:
118 Keller Building
University Park, Pennsylvania
16802
Contact us:
in person or by mail, at the address listed above;
by telephone, at: (814) 863-8214; or
by email, at: porh@psu.edu.
Other Things You Should Know
Transferring Information
Because our website is accessible worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the How and Why We Use Information section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include:
In the case of US-based entities, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them, or ensuring they have signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield; or
In the case of entities based in other countries outside the EEA, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver advertisements that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health and does not cover the collection of information by any third party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third Party Software
If you use third party plugins, extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third party software, please keep in mind that when you interact with them you may provide information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. We do not own or control these third parties and they have their own rules about collection, use and sharing of information, which you should review.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Pennsylvania Office of Rural Health encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may provide additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage, or sending you a notification through email). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Am I Rural?
This tool will help determine whether a specific location is considered rural based on various definitions of rural, including definitions that are used as eligibility criteria for federal programs. All agencies interested in applying for federal rural health funding opportunities are encouraged to use this site to determine eligibility.
Rural Health Grant Eligibility Analyzer