http://www.thebridgetorecovery.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Bridge to Recovery is committed to each of our visitors’ well-being, including respecting your concerns about privacy. We understand that you might wonder whether and how www.thebridgetorecovery.com collects and uses information. This privacy statement describes the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns.
Web Site Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you request a reply using one of our contact forms or give us written consent to use your testimonial on our testimonials page, we will not know your name, your e-mail address, or other information that identifies you. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet for example, google.com, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Cookies
Our website uses a temporary "cookie" to deliver relevant content to you. "Cookies" are strings of text that a website stores on a user's computer. Cookies enable a website to keep track of a user's preferences and activities relating to that website. Because these cookies are only temporarily placed on your browser, they do not enable us, to build or maintain profiles of your activities over time and across websites.
Information Needed to Execute the Transaction You Request
When we need to collect information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to receive information about admission to The Bridge, you may fill out the Contact Form which requests information about your name, e-mail address, phone number and a place to write your question, plus questions about how you heard about us (for evaluation of our own marketing practices). We will use your e-mail address only to provide the information you requested, or to communicate news about The Bridge to you. If at any time you decide you do not want to receive this information, you may let us know by reply e-mail at info@thebridgetorecovery.com or use the form to request that we no longer contact you. Providing information to us using any of our on-line forms is voluntary and the information we collect is used only for the purpose for which the information was collected and is not shared with any other companies.
The Bridge to Recovery Use of Information
We treat the information that you provide to us as confidential information. It is, accordingly, subject to The Bridge’s security procedures and strict policies regarding protection and use of information. We will only disclose this information to individuals at The Bridge on a need-to-know basis and person(s) authorized by you.
E-Mails and Opt-Out
Our goal is to only send e-mails that are likely to be of interest to you. All e-mail is generated from The Bridge to Recovery and not from an outside third-party provider. The Bridge to Recovery does not make e-mail addresses available to any partners of The Bridge to Recovery or to anyone else for their use. You may at any time request not to receive e-mails from The Bridge to Recovery by replying to any e-mail with your request to opt-out or by emailing us at info@thebridgetorecovery.com.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
The Bridge to Recovery prohibits the sale or transfer of personal information to anyone outside The Bridge to Recovery; in short, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties.
Links to Other Sites
Other sites linked to by the Bridge to Recovery website are offered for your convenience only. The Bridge to Recovery is not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites, or for cookies those sites might use.
Creating a text link from your Web site to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you'd like us to consider adding to our Web site, please send an email to info@thebridgetorecovery.comwith the subject "Link request."
Legal Issues
This is a United States website and subject to the laws of the United States of America. The Bridge to Recovery will disclose personal health information without your permission only when required by law, or in a good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to The Bridge to Recovery patients, staff, volunteers, alumni, property (including this site) or to others or as authorized by federal law.
The Bridge to Recovery Privacy Statement Changes
In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for www.thebridgetorecovery.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Any changes made in the future will only apply to information collected after any new policy is established.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or privacy concerns, please contact Neena Wilcox at 270-777-1094 or send an e-mail to: info@thebridgetorecovery.com.
Call the bridge for a confidential screening
1-877-866-8661
Seeking Advice
I'm Seeking Help for Myself
I'm Seeking Help for a Loved One
My Loved One Says They Don't Want Help
My Loved One Wants Help
I'm Seeking Help for a Client/Patient
How to Refer to Our Program
Our Care Model
Who to Refer to The Bridge
Contact the Bridge Today
If you are seeking help for yourself, or looking for guidance on a loved one or patient, we are here for you. Let us answer any questions you may have without any commitment to attend our program. Contact our team for more information on who we are, our programs, and more
Contact The Bridge Today