http://www.jrheum.com/terms_of_use
Skip to main content
Return To The Journal
X
You are hereHome
Terms of Use
Terms of Use (“Terms”)
Last updated: December 08, 2016
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms,” “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the jrheum.com website (the “Service”) operated by The Journal of Rheumatology Publishing Co. Ltd. (“us,” “we,” or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
BACKGROUND INFORMATION
In order to use the Services, you may be required to register with us by providing certain information about yourself, including your name and email address. In consideration of your use of the Services, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as requested in connection with the provision of and/or registration for any of the Services, subject, of course, to all applicable laws. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your password and/or refuse any and all current or future use of the Services.
When you register with us you are limited to one (1) username per person/email address. An “account holder” is defined as the natural person to whom the email address is assigned by an internet service provider, online service provider, or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address.
You must be at least 18 years old to register.
USER PASSWORD AND SECURITY
You will receive a password upon completing the registration process for use of the Services. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply.
TERMINATION
You agree that The Journal of Rheumatology Co. Ltd., in its sole discretion, may terminate your password or use of the Website and/or the Services, and remove and discard any Message within the Services, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Terms. We may also in our sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Website or the Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Services under any provision of these Terms may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your password and all related information and/or files corresponding to your password and/or bar any further access to such files or the Services.
MEMBER CONDUCT
You agree that in connection with your use of the Website, the Services, and the Content you will not:
a. upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of anyone's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
b. harm or attempt to harm minors in any way;
c. impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
d. upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships, or under nondisclosure agreements);
e. upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property right of any party;
f. upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
g. upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
h. interfere with or disrupt the Website, the Services, the Content or servers, or networks connected to the Website, the Services, or the Content, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Website, the Services, and/or the Content;
i. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
j. reproduce, republish, download, post, transmit, distribute, copy, publicly display, or otherwise use any Content or any derivative works based on the Website, Services, Content, or the Software, in whole or in part.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by The Journal of Rheumatology Publishing Co. Ltd.
The Journal of Rheumatology Publishing Co. Ltd. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that The Journal of Rheumatology Publishing Co. Ltd. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, Canada, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless The Journal of Rheumatology Publishing Co. Ltd., the directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors, and assigns from and against any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of Messages you post to, submit, or transmit through the Website or the Services, your use of the Website or the Services, your connection to the Website or the Services, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.