http://www.priviahealth.com/privacy.html
Skip to content
Privia Information Center
Newsroom
inforMD
Events
Presentations
The Break Room
Search Results
Information Center  |  Newsroom  |  Events  |  Multimedia  |  Blog  |  Podcast
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Blog Disclaimer
Web Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Blog Disclaimer
PRIVACY POLICY
Date Last Revised: November 2019
The information contained on the Privia website and our associated corporate sites, including the websites of our affiliated doctors and care centers, is for informational purposes only. It is neither intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice. You should always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare provider before starting any new treatment or if you have specific questions about your healthcare or a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking care because of something you have read on this website.
We take privacy and security seriously at Privia Health. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, privacy, and security of all user and visitor personal information. This Privacy Policy describes how Privia Health and its affiliates and subsidiaries collect, use, and protect the personal information you provide to us on www.priviahealth.com and associated corporate sites (the “Site”), including the websites of our affiliated doctors and care centers, and via telephone, mail, and other communication tools. The Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding Privia Health’s use of your personal information and the steps you can take to access, edit, or delete this information.
Privacy & Security of your Personal Health Information is our top priority
How we secure and protect your information
How we use your non-Personal Health Information
Your online navigation activity is only used to improve your experience
We limit sharing your information with third parties
You can easily access, update, and delete your personal information
We post updates on our website when there are changes to our Privacy Policy
Contact us if you have any questions or concerns
PRIVACY & SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL HEALTH INFORMATION IS OUR TOP PRIORITY
This Privacy Policy does NOT apply to uses and disclosures of your protected health information (“PHI”). Uses and disclosures of your PHI are described in Privia’s Notice of Privacy Practices. This Notice is available from your provider or at https://www.priviahealth.com/hipaa-privacy-notice/ and is provided pursuant to the privacy regulations enacted as a result of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). Privia’s Notice of Privacy Practices describes how your PHI may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to your information. The Notice of Privacy Practices applies to all your PHI created or maintained by Privia.
HOW WE SECURE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Providing security for personal information is a top priority of Privia Health. We spend a great deal of time, attention, and resources to help protect your privacy. The security procedures we employ include, but are not limited to:
We use one of the highest standards of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in transmitting Personally Identifiable Information to our servers with a 256 Bit Extended Validation security certificate.
We require both a username and password for users to access their information.
Our servers are located in state-of-the-art secure data centers designed to protect some of the country’s most sensitive data, with professional security measures such as:
24×7×365 security guards
24×7×365 interior and exterior video surveillance
24×7×365 network operations monitoring center and on-site network engineering support
Biometric security access through hand scanners
Servers located in locked cages
Hurricane proof buildings
Redundant electrical systems and redundant emergency power generators
Redundant HVAC systems
We use firewalls to protect the information held in our servers.
We back-up our systems and data regularly.
We maintain audit trails of all activity on our servers.
We provide a secure messaging tool so that your communications with your health team are sent through a secure, encrypted connection.
We closely monitor the limited number of Privia Health employees who have potential access to your Personally Identifiable Information.
We require all Privia Health employees to undergo privacy and security training, to abide by our Privacy Policy, and to be subject to disciplinary action if they violate it.
Despite Privia Health’s efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted. You should always use caution when submitting personal information online.
HOW WE USE YOUR NON-PERSONAL HEALTH INFORMATION
We collect Personally Identifiable Information, like your name, email address, date of birth, zip code, and any other information you provide to us, when you fill out a form on our Site. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your Personally Identifiable Information; inaccurate information may affect the quality of information you receive from us when using our site, services, and tools, and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy. We use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us to respond to your questions and inquiries, provide certain services you select, call and send you emails about our services, make available valuable partner offers, provide updates, and inform you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy. We work with carefully selected business partners so that you may receive valuable offers for their products and services. We use Personally Identifiable Information to help make these offers relevant and valuable to you. You can inform us in writing not to send you these offers.
YOUR ONLINE NAVIGATION ACTIVITY IS ONLY USED TO IMPROVE YOUR EXPERIENCE
When you visit our Site, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as your computer’s Internet protocol address, type of browser, and pages viewed. We use this information to understand how visitors navigate through our Sites and to enhance visitor experience.
If you use our Site without registering or completing any response forms, we will only collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons. “Cookies” are small text files that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive in order to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it easier to use certain site functions. You can change your browser settings if you want to be notified when a site collects cookies, or to prevent sites from collecting cookies.
We use a third party web analytics service provider that uses cookies and web beacons to help us analyze how users navigate our Site and the effectiveness of our marketing. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site will be transmitted to and stored by this service provider. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating and reporting on your use of our Site. The information collected by our service provider is not personally identifiable.
WE LIMIT SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
Privia Health uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, printing, packaging, mailing, customer service tools, and related technology to run our services. If we provide personal information to third parties, we only provide the personal information needed to deliver the service. They are required to maintain high standards of confidentiality and security when using personal information, and are explicitly prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Sharing of your PHI is addressed in the Privia Notice of Privacy Practices.
We will also share your personal information if we are required to do so by law, or if we believe that doing so is necessary in order to conform to the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, comply with legal process served on Privia Health, or otherwise protect Privia Health’s legal rights.
Our websites may include links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Privia Health. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is subject to their privacy statements. Privia Health’s privacy policy does not apply to information you may submit to those sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have specific questions about your personally identifying information maintained by Privia, questions about our Privacy Policy or any other privacy concerns, please contact us by email at privacy@priviahealth.com or by writing us at the following address:
Privia Health
950 N Glebe Rd, Suite 700
Arlington, VA 22203
Attention: Privacy Officer
If you have technical difficulty using our websites, please contact Privia Support at support@priviamedicalgroup.com.
WE POST UPDATES ON OUR WEBSITE WHEN THERE ARE CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We frequently re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and procedures, and adapt to new challenges as they arise. We update this Privacy Policy to correspond with those changes, and will revise the “Date Last Revised” at the top of the Privacy Policy. For material changes that affect the personally identifying information we have collected, we will either notify you or place a prominent notice on the Site.
TERMS OF USE
This Site is the property of Privia Health LLC. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. Materials displayed on the Site (including, but not limited to text, graphics, photographs, images, illustrations, design, layout, appearance, audio clips, and video clips, also known as the “Content”) are protected by U.S. and international copyright. The User shall abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions. Copying, using, or storing any Content for commercial use is prohibited without prior written permission from Privia Health.
Neither Privia Health nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the Content found or offered on this Site for any particular purpose. The User acknowledges that such Content may contain inaccuracies or errors and use of any Content on this website is entirely at the User’s own risk, for which Privia Health shall not be liable. It shall be the User’s own responsibility to ensure that any Content available through this Site meet the User’s specific requirements.
This Site includes links to other web sites, but Privia Health does not endorse, sponsor, or accept responsibility for third-party sites. Content produced by Privia Health is neither affiliated with nor the responsibility of the clients or partners of Privia Health.
Privia Health requests that, according to standard academic practice, if a User uses the Content for any research that results in an article, a book, or other publication, the User list Privia Health as a source in User’s bibliography.
This Site is moderated by Privia Health, who reserves the right to exercise editorial control over user-generated content (e.g., blog comments). The User agrees that it will not contribute any Content that is infringing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party. Privia Health reserves the right to remove any Content from the Site at any time, for any reason or for no reason at all. The User agrees that all posted comments become the property of Privia Health. By posting a comment on one of our blogs, the User agrees that the comment may be reused by Privia Health or quoted in other media.
Comments or opinions expressed via comments on our blogs are those of their respective contributors only. The views expressed by outside contributors do not represent the views of Privia Health. Privia Health is not responsible and disclaims any and all liability for the content of comments.
Privia Health may modify the Terms of Use at any time, with no requirement for providing explicit notification of the change to the User.
BLOG DISCLAIMER
All information provided by Privia Health, LLC (“Privia”) is for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal or medical advice from Privia. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, Privia makes no guarantees of any kind. Information on Privia websites is subject to change without prior notice; since clinical and legal developments occur daily, this site may contain outdated material.
Privia websites may contain and/or link to information that is created and maintained by a variety of sources both internal and external to Privia. These sites may contain the personal opinions and beliefs of the persons who post the entries. Privia does not control, monitor or guarantee the information contained in these sites or the information contained in other external websites, and does not endorse any views expressed or products or services offered therein. Clinical related information found on any Privia page should not be used for diagnosing purposes or be considered medical advice.
Privia assumes no responsibility or liability for any consequence resulting directly or indirectly for any action or inaction taken based on or made in reliance on the information, services, or material on or linked to a Privia website. In no event shall Privia be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any Privia website or external site or resource.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Privia provides an online privacy statement for the benefit of users of this site. For more information regarding data collection, including use and disclosure practices for this website, please visit the Privia Health Privacy Policy.
REPRODUCTION POLICY
Federal copyright laws protect Privia’s blog posts and willful infringement may result in serious legal consequences. However, Privia consents to the copying of blog posts or articles if the copied material:
Is clearly attributed to Privia Health and to the individual authors if they are named in the blog post.
Is not presented in a way that suggests some other attribution.
Is not sold, alone or as part of a collection, for more than the direct costs of reproduction and distribution.
Contact Privia for permission to reproduce commercially in any form.
Contact Privia Georgia
Contact Privia Florida
Access White Paper
Contact Privia North Texas
Contact Privia Gulf Coast
Contact Privia Tennessee
Contact Form
Block "covid-campaign" not found
Contact Privia
Contact Privia
Please fill out the form to get in touch with us.
Access Our Whitepaper
Contact Privia
Web Policies | Nondiscrimination Policy | Privacy & Compliance | Sitemap
© 2020 Privia Health
Who We Support
Physicians
Patients
Employers
Health Systems
Payers
What We Offer
Why Privia
Our Solutions
Our Markets
Success Stories
About Us
Company Overview
Leadership
Contact Us
Careers
Professional Careers
Provider Careers
Media
Information Center
Newsroom
Events
Multimedia
Blog
Podcast
Patient Login
Physician Login
Looking for Coronavirus (COVID-19) information? View resources for patients.