http://www.ronfletcherwork.com/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Fletcher Pilates, Inc.. is committed to protecting your privacy online. Our goal in collecting personal and company information is to provide Fletcher
Pilates Inc.'s customers with excellent online services. We use customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them
of their order status, to send promotional information, to provide information about additional products and services, to enhance the operation
of our site and to administer our system. By visiting Fletcher Pilates, Inc. you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
What personal information about you do we collect?
Information you give to us: We receive and store information that you supply to us via our web site and regular operations. This includes information
regarding an order such as your name, company name, email address, billing address, mailing address, billing information, credit card number,
credit card expiration date, shipping address, website usage password, E-Newsletters opt-in options, Third Party opt-in options. This may also
include information provided by you to us via email, phone customer service, ordinary mail, or questionnaires.
Information automatically collected: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you come to our site. For example, as is common
practice, we use “cookies” and similar technology, to obtain and determine certain information when your browser accesses our websites including,
but not limited to, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, email address, browser type and version,
operating system and platform.
How is the personal information used?
Information about our customers is a very important part of our business, as a trade secret, and we are not in the business of selling such information
to others. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Should Fletcher Pilates, Inc. be sold or transferred to another entity, customer information is likely to be part of the sales or transfer.
What if I link to a third-party web site from Fletcher Pilates Inc.?
When you click links and/or banners that take you to third party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we
support the protection of privacy on the internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties and urge you to read and understand
the privacy policies of such sites.
How does Fletcher Pilates Inc. protect customer information?
Fletcher Pilates, Inc. uses the latest encryption technology to keep your personal information safe. All your ordering information-including your
name, address and credit card number is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. Credit card transactions are handled by an authorized
clearing company, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information in a fully secured environment only to verify
the credit card numbers and process transactions. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your
computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Contacting Fletcher Pilates Inc. about privacy questions or concerns and changes in Privacy Policies.
This Privacy Statement was last modified on September 1, 2011 and provisions may be changed, modified, added or removed at any time. Such changes
will become effective immediately upon posting.
What about cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize
your browser and to provide features for using Fletcher Pilates, Inc.'s website. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell
you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable
cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Fletcher Pilates, Inc.'s website features, and we recommend
that you leave them turned on.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Fletcher Pilates, Inc.
Privacy Statement
PO BOX 64971
Tucson, AZ 85728
(520) 615-0215
Fax: (520) 320-1590
TOP