https://www.aida.org.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Australian Indigenous Doctors' Association
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarAustralian Indigenous Doctors' AssociationNot-for-profit, member-based, professional association supporting Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander medical students and doctorsCOVID-19
About
Board of Directors
Student Representative Committee
Annual general meetings
Contact
Our work
Policy
Specialist Trainees in the Medical Workforce – Project Report
Research
Cultural safety
Coalition of Peaks
Member area
Membership
Member benefits
Opportunities
Study medicine
Medical pathways
Student support
After graduation
Events
AIDA2020 renamed and rescheduled!
Member networking events
AIDA Awards
Media
Media releases
Members in the media
Publications
CEO Updates
Member stories
Donate
Home  >  Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
The Australian Indigenous Doctors’ Association Ltd (AIDA) is a not-for-profit professional association contributing to equitable health and life outcomes, and the cultural wellbeing of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people. AIDA is committed to reaching population parity of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people in the medical professions, and informing a culturally safe health care system. AIDA supports our members through mentoring, advocacy, representation, collegiate support, and professional networking opportunities.
AIDA only collects information that is necessary to carry out its main functions. We are committed to ensuring the confidentiality of personal information and we acknowledge the necessity of maintaining the privacy of our members and clients. AIDA treats all personal information provided to us with the utmost respect and discretion on all occasions.
In this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’ refers to AIDA.
Purpose
AIDA’s privacy policy aims to:
clearly communicate how AIDA collects, handles and uses personal information; andprovide individuals with a better understanding of the kind of personal information AIDA holds.
Scope
AIDA’s Privacy Policy applies to our management of personal information, specifically the collection, usage, disclosure and storage of this information. This policy applies to information collected and stored in our database and files and statistical information collected from our website, www.aida.org.au.
For more details about using the AIDA website, including data collection information, please refer to the AIDA Website Terms and Conditions.
Collection of personal information
The type and extent of personal information we collect will depend upon the nature of our relationship and the context of our interaction. AIDA will collect personal information directly from you wherever possible.
Membership
We collect information from members wishing to renew their membership or from non-members looking to become a member. This information is collected through membership application forms and includes:
name, home/postal address, phone numbers and email addressesdate of birthgenderAboriginalityemployment and educational historyaffiliation and membership of other relevant professional associationscredit card details, if required.
We also keep information on length of membership, representational and attendance at AIDA events and receipt of gifts and awards presented by AIDA.
Events
We collect and hold information on members and non-members through registrations and attendance at events hosted by AIDA, including member’s networking events or workshops and our annual conference. This information includes name, home/postal address, email address, job title, dietary requirements, credit card details (if required), travel details, workshops attended, and video and photographs (if consent has been provided by the individual).
Other
We may also collect and hold information through direct contact with us via email, phone, social media, written correspondence, in person, and website functions including the contact request form and purchasing products online. The information collected includes name, email address, home/postal address, and transaction details relating to any purchase you have made with us.
Usage of personal information
The collection of personal information allows us to provide our members with information, services and opportunities that may be beneficial and that may not otherwise be accessible. This information also enables us to provide important statistical data to government regulators and other national bodies in the interests of contributing to public policy. Additionally, collection of personal information allows AIDA to maintain strong client and business relationships and streamline communications with our network.
By providing us with your personal information, you are consenting to AIDA’s management of that information as described in this policy and in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).  It is your right to withhold your personal information. However, in doing so you must understand that as a result AIDA may be unable to provide the requested service or engage in a business or client relationship with you.
Disclosure of personal information
AIDA is committed to protecting your privacy and will make every effort to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information. AIDA will not disclose, reveal, sell, share or loan personal information to any third party for their own personal use. Information may at times be disclosed to third parties only where appropriate and where it specifically relates to AIDA’s work or provision of an AIDA service to you, and only with your consent. Information provided to third parties is limited to no more than what is reasonably necessary in order to fulfill the request after satisfying the conditions stated above and will be de-identified wherever possible.
AIDA may use personal information including contact details for the purposes of direct marketing, however this purpose is limited exclusively to AIDA. Your contact details may be included on our mailing list for the purpose of distributing our newsletters, circulating membership notices such as award nominations, and promoting AIDA events and opportunities. If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list, or if you no longer wish to receive information of this nature, or if you believe you have received our correspondence in error, please contact AIDA on (02) 6273 5013 and your request will be actioned at the earliest opportunity.
AIDA may disclose personal information to law enforcement authorities if required or authorised to do so under an Australian law or court/tribunal order.
Storage of personal information
AIDA stores personal information in both digital and paper format. AIDA takes all reasonable steps necessary to protect personal information including the prevention of unauthorised access and disclosure. Management of personal information is included in our risk management plan which is assessed on a regular basis.
Information is retained and stored in the following specific ways:
Digital information is stored within our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems, which stores data internally and is secured in alignment with Commonwealth standards. The system is secured with personalised user account passwords.Historical digital information is stored on AIDA’s personalised database system where access is restricted by individual user account passwords and user access privileges.Backup drives are retained to restore information in the event of system failure or loss. All backup drives are held securely off site on an Australian-based server.Information retained in paper format is secured on site in locked filing drawers within a locked office or archive room.All documents containing personal information are returned to secure storage upon close of business each day.Paper documents containing personal information are disposed of in confidential waste bins for destruction or are shredded.
AIDA retains personal information in line with Commonwealth legislation and other legal requirements, for as long as we are required to do so to conduct business activities. AIDA takes all reasonable steps to destroy and/or de-identify your personal information as soon as the information, or components of it, are no longer required providing it is lawful to do so.
Rights and choices
You reserve the right to withhold any personal information you do not wish to disclose and to revoke your consent at any time for the usage of any personal information provided to AIDA in the past. In doing so, you understand that this may limit our ability to service your request or otherwise carry out our duty to you. You may request access to, and correction of, any of your own personal information held by AIDA by contacting us on (02) 6273 5013. We will need to confirm your identity by asking you to verify information we have on file, such as your date of birth, before providing access or making changes to your personal information.
How to make a complaint
If for any reason you feel as though AIDA has neglected to manage your personal information appropriately or you are concerned about any of the information or processes described in this policy, please contact us immediately on (02) 6273 5013. The AIDA grievance policy and associated documentation is available upon request. AIDA endeavours to handle any concerns or discrepancies in relation to the management of personal information with the utmost urgency and rigour.
Contact us
P: (02) 6273 5013E: aida@aida.org.au
Australian Indigenous Doctors’ Association LtdOld Parliament House18 King George TerraceParkes ACT 2600
or
PO Box 3497Manuka ACT 2600
Suggestions for improving our Privacy Policy
We will review this policy on a regular basis and notify any amendments through our publications and by posting on our website www.aida.org.au. If you have any feedback or suggestions for improving our Privacy Policy please contact us on aida@aida.org.au.
References
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Primary SidebarSearch website
sidebar-alt
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
youTube
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Donate
Contact
Copyright © 2020 · Australian Indigenous Doctors’ Association Ltd
Freecall: 1800 190 498
Email: aida@aida.org.au