https://www.wedgewoodpharmacy.com/learning-center/web-site-privacy-policy.html
Shipping Carrier Delays Expected
About
Human Health
Careers
Contact
GREATCARE,DELIVERED.
Customer Care: 877.357.6613
For Veterinary
Practices
For Pet & horse owners
Submit Office Orders & Patient Prescriptions
Ordering compounded medications is easier than ever. Log in with your secure digital account and gain instant access to the industry’s largest formulary of compounded medications – 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Log in as a Practice
Create an Online Account
Our Pharmacy
Wedgewood Connect
Veterinary Medications
Professional Monographs
Diamondback Drugs Top Preparations
Contact Us
Refill and Renew Pet Prescriptions
Ordering your pet's prescription drugs from Wedgewood Pharmacy is safe, and convenient. With a prescription number, easily refill prescriptions and enroll in the AutoRefill Program.
Log in as an Owner
Our Pharmacy
Medication Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
For Veterinary Practices
For Pet and Horse Owners
Learning Center
text size AAA
Shipping Carrier Delays Expected - We have been advised by our carriers that packages may require 2 or more additional days for standard delivery, because of the Corona Virus.
Home
405 Heron Drive Suite 200
Swedesboro, NJ 08085
Ph 800.331.8272
www.wedgewoodpharmacy.com
Web Site Privacy PolicyFor Veterinary PracticesPrescribe NowFor Pet & Horse OwnersManage Your Prescriptions Have a new prescription from your vet? Get a Quote by Chat Get a Quote by Email 877.357.6613
Last updated: March 20, 2019
Wedgewood Village Pharmacy, LLC and its affiliates ("Wedgewood Pharmacy", "we", "our" or "us") are committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected and never misused. We will not sell or share your data or the data of patients for the purpose of selling or promoting products or services to your patients. Our intention is to serve patients, support our veterinarian and other customers and to never compete with veterinarians. We collect information from individuals that visit our websites (each, a "Site"), use our mobile applications (each, an "App") where this Privacy Policy is posted or otherwise connect with us offline such as by telephone ("Offline Services", and collectively with all Sites and Apps, the "Services" or individually, a "Service"). We collect this information carefully and handle it with discretion. We are open about the use of this information. This Privacy Policy explains the types of information we collect and how we store, use, disclose and protect such information. By using or accessing our Services, you agree to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you give us. We collect and maintain information that you may provide to us through use of our Services, including shipping address, billing address, credit card information, telephone number(s), email address(es) and purchase, return and exchange data. For example, when you set up your account and/or make purchases, you will be asked to provide information necessary to facilitate the transaction such as contact and payment information and when you contact our customer service representatives, we collect additional information you choose to provide our representatives. We may also collect information about your pet(s), including name, breed, gender, birthdate, weight, veterinary information and photos.
Information automatically collected. We use technology to automatically collect other information about you when you use our Services or view our advertisements. See “Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising”, below. This information helps our Services work correctly and supports our user experience and analytics efforts. This information includes, and is not limited to, device type, browser information, operating system information, device IP, device information, IP address, mobile device identifier, software version, phone model, phone operating system, carrier information, geo-location, the date, time, length of stay, referring website and specific pages accessed and other actions you take related to our Services.
Information collected through Third-Party Services. You may be able to access our Services through third-party social media, websites, applications or other internet platforms (”Third-Party Services”). If you log on to our Services through a Third-Party Service, you give us permission to access, store and use any information that you permit the applicable Third-Party Service to share with us in accordance with your privacy settings with the applicable Third-Party Service. When using Third-Party Services with our Services, the Third-Party Service provider will be able to collect information from you. We may also place tags and other data collection mechanisms on our Services from Third-Party Services through which they can collect information about the usage of our Services and their services across multiple devices (such as your smartphone and your computer) for use by both us and such Third-Party Service. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content of the applicable Third-Party Service. We encourage you to review, and if necessary, adjust, your privacy settings with the applicable Third-Party Service before logging into our online Services using the applicable Third-Party Service. Information that we receive from Third-Party Service is stored and use by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use, process and disclose your information we collect for certain business purposes. We do not use practice or patient data to market or sell products or services to pet owners other than prescriptions which have been placed through veterinarians. Business purposes we do use your information for include:
Responding to your questions and requests. We use your information to provide you with transactional assistance such as fulfilling your order, ensuring proper delivery of your preparations and may respond to comments or other feedback you provide.
Communicating about your account. We may contact you to tell you about changes to our Services, preparations and programs or changes to this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use or other relevant matters. We may also tell you about issues with your orders or if there is a product recall.
Improving our preparations and services. We may use your information to make improvements to our Sites, Apps, preparations and Services, including to personalize our service offerings to meet your needs.
Reviewing Site and App trends and customer interests. We may use your information to customize your experience with us. We may collect information about your activities on and interactions with various devices and link that information. Through such cross-device linking, we can provide you with a consistent experience across the devices you use. We may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties or publicly available sources to assess trends and interests.
Improving User Experience. We may send you communications about promotions or offers via regular mail, email or other electronic channels, including ads on Third-Party Services. We may use information, including information collected across different online services and collected from the various devices you may use, to deliver communications based on your interests and to improve our customer experience.
Promote our preparations or services. If you complete a product review or provide other feedback or any image of your pet(s), we may ask your permission to use your submission for commercial purposes to promote our preparations and services. We will only use this submission if you consent to this use.
Do Not Track. We do not track our customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and, therefore, do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Some third-party sites, however, do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content which enables them to tailor the content they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, certain browsers allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
Other uses we may disclose. We also may use your information with your consent, and as otherwise permitted or required by law.
WHAT INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE
Wedgewood Pharmacy does not rent, sell, trade or disclose your information to unrelated third parties, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may share your information in limited circumstances, such as to conduct our business, when legally required or with your consent, including:
Third-Party Service Providers. We may disclose the information collected about you to our third-party contractors and partners relating to their performing services or other activities in support of our Services and/or our businesses, or their completing or confirming on our behalf a transaction or series of transactions that you conduct with us. Examples include third parties which may deliver packages, send postal mail, fax, SMS and/or e-mail, analyze data, provide marketing research and assistance, process credit card payments, provide IT services and provide customer service. These contractors and partners are restricted from using information that identifies you (excluding any information that is aggregated or otherwise reasonably de-identified) in any way other than to provide services for us.
Business Transfer. We may disclose, transfer, or assign to our affiliates or to one or more third parties the information collected about you as part of a merger, acquisition or other sale or transfer of any of the assets or business of Wedgewood Pharmacy. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may transfer your data to a successor or to a third party that purchases our assets arising from such circumstances. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy.
Protection of Wedgewood Pharmacy and Others. We may disclose information about you to a State Board of Pharmacy, the Food and Drug Administration or another government or regulatory agency or body or to other third parties to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, inspections, investigations, court orders, subpoenas and other legal process. We may also disclose information to third parties if needed to (i) enforce any of the terms of use for our Services or any investigation of potential violations thereof, (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iii) protect against harm to our Services and (iv) protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
The Services we provide are generally not directed at children and we have no intention of collecting information from young people. If we become aware that information from a child under 13 has been collected without the consent of such child's parent or guardian, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
As a convenience to our visitors, our Services may contain links to several websites that we believe offer useful information or provide complimentary services. The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to those websites. We suggest contacting those websites directly for information on their privacy policies. Wedgewood Pharmacy is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, regardless of whether they are linked or otherwise connected to our Services.
COOKIES AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
We and our service providers collect information about users over time and across different websites and devices through the use of tracking tools including cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other online information-gathering tools (collectively, "cookies"). While the cookies that we use may change from time to time, we currently may use cookies:
To authenticate your account, store your password and support security measures if you are a registered account holder;
To monitor performance of our Services;
To learn more about the way you interact with our content;
To personalize your experience on our Sites, Apps and Social Media Services;
To optimize and tailor our Sites and Apps;
To make product recommendations and provide you with advertising content on our Services and elsewhere in which we think you will be interested;
To measure the effectiveness of personalized ads;
To pursue analytics and research to help us improve our Services and product offerings;
To better understand our Site visitors and App users and their respective interests: including by learning about your online activities across devices.
Interest based advertising. We and our service providers use cookies to learn about what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our Sites, Apps and other sites. This allows us to provide you with more useful and relevant ads on both Wedgewood Pharmacy-owned and operated sites and unaffiliated sites. Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as purchasing on our Sites or Apps, visiting sites that contain our content or ads, interacting with our tools or using our payment services. See "Advertising Preferences and Opt-out" below to opt-out of such advertising.
ADVERTISING PREFERENCES AND OPT-OUT
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you set your browser to limit or remove cookies or otherwise block our use of cookies, some Site features may be unavailable or unable to function properly. Your device may not give you the ability to control cookies. Please contact us if you want to opt out of any other feature of our Sites, Apps or online Services.
DATA SECURITY
We implement administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the information we collect. However, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
DATA RETENTION
We may retain your data for as long as we believe there is a business, legal or security reason for doing so, even if you are no longer an active customer.
HOW TO UPDATE INFORMATION
You may correct or update information collected about you through our Services by contacting us at info@Wedgewoodpharmacy.com or by editing your information and preferences on the "Your Account" and "Profile and Password" pages. Following receipt of a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to update or correct your information.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident, you may make one request each calendar year by sending a request to info@Wedgewoodpharmacy.com.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify our privacy practices and update and make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any changes, we will change the Last updated date above and post the new Privacy Policy here: https://www.wedgewoodpharmacy.com/learning-center/web-site-privacy-policy.html. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
GOVERNING LAW
By choosing to visit our Services, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the State of New Jersey, without reference to the choice of law or conflicts of law principles thereof, and will be subject to the dispute resolution clause contained in the terms of use applicable to the Services. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in the terms of use of our Services.
QUESTIONS
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:1-877-357-6613 or info@wedgewoodpharmacy.com
Featured Specials
Featured Specials
Professional Monographs
About Digital Ordering
Discussion Guide for Pet Owners and Veterinarians
Medication Information for Pet and Horse Owners
Instructional Videos
FAQs for Veterinarians
FAQs for Pet and Horse Owners
>
×
State Restrictions for Controlled Substances
Some states restrict the information we may provide about controlled substances. Please select your state below.
Select One
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Other US Territories
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Learning Center
For Veterinary Practices
Professional Monographs
Drug Shortages and Alerts
FAQs for Veterinarians
For Pet Owners
Medication Information
FAQs for Pet and Horse Owners
Medications For:
BirdsCatsDogsExoticsFerretsGuinea PigsHorsesRabbitsRodentsOther
Search By:
AllergiesBehavioral DisordersCancerCanine Cushing'sConstipationEquine Cushing'sHypertensionHyperthyroidismInfection-BacterialInflammationKeratoconjunctivitis SiccaSeizuresSee All
About
Medication
My Account
News
Career
Blog
Pet Pics
Contact Us
Human Health
For Veterinary Practices
Prescribe Today
Order.WedgewoodPetRx.com
What's New
Drug-Shortage and Back-Order Alert
DeliverEase Dosage-Forms
Instructional Videos
Board Specialties
FAQs
For Pet and Horse Owners
How do I fill my new prescription?
How much will my prescription cost?
Refill a Prescription
Auto Refill Program
When Pets Won't Cooperate
More Than 25 Available Flavors
Dosage Forms
Bitter-Block™
FAQs
Medi-Melts®
Medi-Mints™
Otics
Quad Tabs™
Tiny Tabs® Pillable Tablets
Twist-a-Dose® Transdermal Gel
Learning Center
Resources for Veterinarians
Professional Monographs
About Order.WedgewoodPetRx.com
Discussion Guide for Pet Owners and Veterinarians
Medication Information for Pet and Horse Owners
Instructional Videos
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
405 HERON DRIVE SUITE 200 • SWEDESBORO, NJ 08085-1749 | © 2004-2017 WEDGEWOOD PHARMACY, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This content is intended for counseling purposes only. This content is informational/educational and is not intended to treat or diagnose any disease or patient. No claims are made as to the safety or efficacy of mentioned preparations. The compounded medications featured in this content have been prescribed and/or administered by prescribers who work with Wedgewood Pharmacy. You are encouraged to speak with your prescriber as to the appropriate use of any medication. Wedgewood Pharmacy’s compounded veterinary preparations are not intended for use in food and food-producing animals. All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.