https://www.missouricancer.com/patients-caregivers/privacy-policy/
Our Providers
Locations
Appointments
Patient Portal
Make A Payment
Contact
Patient Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website and reviewing our privacy policy. We respect the right to privacy for all our visitors. Personal information sent to us, such as names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, etc., is covered by the government’s HIPAA Medical Privacy Act.
When submitting personal information for your medical records, you can be assured of the following:
The information will not be shared with anyone not on our staff or involved in your medical care.
Your email address will not be provided to third parties, unless we are required to do so by law.
We will not create individual profiles with the email information you provide.
We do not collect information for commercial marketing.
Your information will be used to:
Consider your suggestions.
Possibly respond directly to you for clarification.
Process your request for materials, if you make one.
Try and answer your questions if you ask them.
Register you for an event, if you request it.
As a courtesy, this site provides links to other sites. These sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked sites, or the security and privacy practices of those sites.
Information provided on this site is not meant to replace the advice of medical professionals. Please check with your health care provider for advice or guidance specific to your case.
If you have any questions about our site or our privacy policy, please contact us.
View our Privacy Notice
To request a copy of your health information, download and complete a Disclosure of Medical Information form.
Authorization for Release and/or Disclosure of Medical Information
Schedule an Appointment  Call: (866) 724-2413
Monday through Friday
between 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM
Same day appointments are usually available Monday-Friday.
Current patients can call to schedule an appointment or use the online patient portal.
Sign UpFor Our
News-
Letter!
Your Source For:
Advice,
Stories,
Upcoming
Events,
And More!
Email Address:*
Getting a Second Opinion Make an appointment with one of our medical oncologists, radiation oncologists, genetics experts, or hematology professionals by calling 573-874-7800.
Newly Diagnosed
Your First Visit
Plan Your Travel
What You Will Need
Services & Amenities
Patient & Caregiver Support
Diseases & Conditions
Insurance & Assistance
Living Beyond Cancer
Privacy Policy
Patient Benefit Services
Survivor Stories