http://www.ffynnonwenremedies.com/privacy-policy/
Data Protection Policy
About this Policy
We at The British Institute of Allergy and Environmental Therapy have written this policy in order to comply with the latest legislation on General data Protection in accordance with the Data Protection Act of the 23rd of May 2018.
The policy explains how we gather, store and process data you give to us in accordance with the latest legislation referenced above. It also outlines the choices you have with regarding how we use information about you, for instance how you may request access, update, erasure or object to particular uses of your information.
If you do not agree to this policy we advise that you should not access or use our services, either on the internet or via any other aspects of our business.
This policy does not apply to the information gathering or processing practises of companies other than our business or to those individuals who we do not employ or manage.
Information we collect
We use a privacy by design approach to anonymizing data, once received, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018. Once collected information stored electronically is password protected and accessible only to named authorised personnel. Information stored as hard copy is kept in a locked space which is also accessible only to named authorised personnel.
None of the information we collect is shared with a third party without your explicit consent. Exceptions to this would be in cases of fraud or any other activity in breach of the law.
Student applications
Student applications are filled in on line or manually and sent by post. On receipt, the information is processed and stored as described above.
Client records
These are kept in a locked cabinet accessible only to the therapist responsible for the said clients. These records have to be kept for 7 years by law after which they may be erased. Informed consent is obtained from each client for information to be shared with another party such as another health professional or for anonymized data to be used for research purposes, otherwise information collected is strictly confidential. Clients have the right to refuse to share this information at any time. They also have the right to request a copy of their notes if they so wish.
Credit card details
These are not stored electronically and are stored in such a way as to render them as non-personally identifiable information. They are then kept in a locked cabinet and are accessible only to named authorised personnel.
Contractual Necessity
Contractual necessity means that it is necessary for us to process data provided by you to perform our Terms of Service. Failure to provide information will result in your inability to use some or all aspects of services that require such data.
We will only store your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose of the information collected from you. After this, we will either anonymize or delete your information or store it securely until deletion is possible.
Informed Consent
By accessing the services of The British Institute of Allergy and Environmental Therapy, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy in terms of collecting and processing your information.
Right of Access
You have a right to at any time request access to your information. You also have the right to request rectification of any information you consider to be inaccurate.
Right of Erasure
You have a right to request erasure or partial erasure of your information, you may also request further restrictions on the processing of your information. You have a right to object to the processing of information based on any legal requirement.
How to contact us
If you have any queries or concerns regarding this policy or you wish to discuss any issues outlined in this policy, please use the following contact details below;
E-Mail: biaet@hotmail.co.uk
Or alternatively telephone us on: 01974241376.Terms and Conditions
1. Introduction
Please read these carefully as placing an order will imply acceptance of these terms and conditions. We may change these terms and conditions at any time for commercial or legal reasons and any changes will become effective on the day that they appear on the site.
2. Limitations of Liability You understand and agree that we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of the site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use. When you purchase products, you should ensure that they are suitable for you and use them according to the accompanying instructions.
However, nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time. Check this page regularly to be sure that you have read the most up to date version.
3. Delivery Times We will process and despatch your order as quickly as possible. However, delivery times may be affected by factors which are out of our control and we therefore cannot guarantee them.
4. Returns Our goods are packed and despatched with care, but in the unlikely event of your needing to notify us of non-receipt or goods damaged on arrival we will use our best endeavours to arrange immediate despatch of a replacement.
5. Prices We reserve the right to vary our prices to take into account any increase in the costs we incur (including carriage, labour, materials or overheads). Prices will be those ruling at the date of order. All our prices include carriage and packing and we reserve the right to increase prices in line with any price increases
6. Your Account (credit terms) An invoice will be sent to you for each order we receive. A statement will be raised at the end of each month which must be paid within 30 days. As permitted by current legislation a credit charge will be applied to overdue accounts at the rate set by the Bank of England
7. Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to them will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. Find out more see our Cookie Policy. By continuing to use our site you consent to use our cookies.
Manage Cookies
Accept Cookies