https://www.additudemag.com/category/adhd-add/related-conditions/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD & Symptom Tests
Anxiety
Autism Spectrum Disorder
Bipolar Disorder
Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors
Depression
Disruptive Mood Dysregulation Disorder
Language Processing Disorder
Learning Disabilities
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD)
Oppositional Defiant Disorder
Sensory Processing Disorder
Tourette's Syndrome
Could I have autism? What does autism spectrum disorder look like in adults? How do I know if I am...
Learn the signs and symptoms of anxiety disorders like GAD, SAD, OCD, and panic disorder, as well as...
Do I have anxiety? No two people experience anxiety in the same way, however common symptoms do...
Roughly 40 percent of children with attention deficit disorder (ADHD or ADD) also have oppositional...
What is oppositional defiant disorder in children? ODD is more than occasional aggressive or...
ADHD and depression can and often co-occur. Depression is nearly three times more prevalent among...
Depression is an extremely common and serious mood disorder that impacts roughly 14.8 million adults...
Do loud noises, sticky fingers, and tags on clothes send you into a tailspin? You might be dealing...
Your aversion to itchy fabrics, scented candles, and crowds could be a sign of Sensory Processing...
Working memory, a critical executive functioning skill, is how you store the information needed to...
This math learning disability is nearly as common as dyslexia, however it’s studied far less,...
Dysgraphia is a brain-based learning disability that affects writing. As with all learning disorders,...
Dyslexia is a learning disability associated with reading. Dyslexic children may struggle with sight...
Could your child’s difficulties in math be symptoms of dyscalculia — the learning disability that...
Dyspraxia is a motor skills disorder with symptoms that can be recognized in children as young as 1...
Show More Stories
Free Newsletter
The ADHD Parenting Guide
Behavior & discipline, positive parenting, organization, happiness & more.
Email Address
Sign Up
Read These Next
ADHD & Type 2 Diabetes: A Surprising, Stark Health Link
Healthy eating suffers when ADHD impulsivity, poor executive function, and dopamine-seeking behaviors drive...
Pandemic Anxiety: 10 Expert Coping Strategies
News on the novel respiratory illness is shifting daily, and the lack of steady, authoritative guidelines...
Slow Processing Speed: Signs & Solutions for a Misunderstood Deficit
The concept of slow processing speed (SPS) and its effect on learning is still new, so parents should take...
More Articles Recommended For You
Professional Guidelines for Diagnosing Autism Spectrum Disorder
When Women Battle ADHD and Borderline Personality Disorder
Which Came First: The Anxiety or the ADHD?
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions