http://www.missionofmercy.org/privacy-policy/
SPONSOR A
CHILD
DONATE
Search for:
About
Who We Are
Leadership
Careers
FAQs
Financials
Sponsor
Ways to Search
Our Model
Hope Centers
Child Champions
Sponsorship FAQs
Sponsor Contribution
Our Work
Our Approach
Advocacy
Where We Work
Happy Horizons Ranch
Partnership
Businesses and Organizations
SPARKs
Get Involved
Church Partnerships
Artists and Bands
Ways to Give
Resources
News
COVID-19
OneChild Magazine
Stories
Crisis Updates
Log In
Privacy Policy
OneChild has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to honoring the privacy of our sponsors and donors.
Awareness
OneChild is providing this statement to help you be more aware of our privacy policy and associated security practices. To better inform you of the way your information is collected and used, this statement is available from a link on our homepage as well as the bottom of every OneChild webpage.
Information Collected
Through OneChild’s website, you can sponsor a child, make donations, and request materials and resources. The types of information you provide on our website include your name and contact information as well as billing and/or credit card information. To help us continue to improve our service and support, you may be asked to provide us with information concerning your personal or professional interests, your basic demographic information, your experience with OneChild, and your contact preferences.
How Information Is Used
OneChild uses this information to better understand your needs and continually improve our customer service. We may use your information to help complete a transaction, send communications or updates on your sponsored child, inform you of special events, and to personalize our web content for your use.
Credit card numbers are only used for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use comments or feedback you offer to provide you with information you have requested, and we carefully consider each recommendation as to how we might improve our communications and customer service.
We may combine the information you provide online with the data you offered when you became a OneChild donor or sponsor. Unique identifiers (such as your Donor ID number or your sponsored child’s ID number) may be requested from website visitors to help us match current donor information with donor history in our records. If necessary, we may contact you to verify your address or requests for information, or if we have questions regarding your account.
No Sharing of Personal Information
OneChild will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. The identity of our donors will be kept confidential. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of OneChild, and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of OneChild.
Choice
OneChild will occasionally use your information for internal market research or to provide you with information that may be of interest to you. Please let us know if you do not wish to receive direct marketing materials from us, and we will do everything we can to honor your request. You may use any of the methods below to contact us concerning your wishes.
Contacting Us
Our postal address is
P.O. Box 62600
Colorado Springs, CO 80962
We can be reached via e-mail at info@onechild.org or you can reach us at 800.864.0200.
Join us on social media where we advocate for children in poverty.
Help meet critical needs in hard places.
DONATE
info@onechild.org, sponsors@onechild.org   |   (800) 864-0200
(M-Th: 7am-5pm, F: 8am-12pm, MT)   |   P.O. Box 62600, Colorado Springs, CO 80962
A 501C   |   Privacy Policy   |   © 1954 - 2020 All Rights Reserved