http://www.vitas.com/help-center/privacy-and-disclaimers/do-not-sell-my-personal-information
California Consumer Protection Act Privacy Notice
CCPA Privacy Notice
This notice is for California residents only, and it supplements the information provided in the VITAS.com Privacy Policy (which explains the information we collect and how we use/disclose it).
Information We Collect
We may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”).
The table below shows which categories of personal information our website has collected from consumers in the past 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statue (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories
No
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
We obtain the categories of information listed above (i) from you, whether directly or indirectly from activity on our site or from other interactions with us, and/or (ii) from third parties, such as ad networks or analytics services that interact with our site.
Use of Personal Information
VITAS collects and uses your personal information to operate the vitas.com site and deliver the services you have requested. We also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Vitas and its affiliates. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. If provided to VITAS, we may use your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or other data to communicate with you.
We keep track of the sites and pages our customers visit within VITAS, in order to determine what VITAS services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within VITAS to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA gives California residents the right to:
Know how your personal information is used;
Access, request, and receive any personal information we have collected in a portable manner;
Request that we delete your personal information (subject to certain exceptions); and
Opt-out of your personal information being sold or share.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us at:
1-833-908-0225
consumer.privacy@vitas.com
Only you or a person duly authorized to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You have the right to request access only twice in any 12-month period, but may opt-out of the sale of your personal information at any time.
We will not deny you the use of our services or provide you a different level or quality of service for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
If you have any questions about this CCPA Notice or our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at consumer.privacy@vitas.com, using this form or by mail at: Corporate Marketing, VITAS Healthcare, 201 S. Biscayne Blvd, Ste. 400, Miami, FL 33131.
Patient Care Contact Information
Online Bill Pay
Payment Information
Press and Media
Hospice Partnership Opportunities
Downloadable Hospice Information
Online Resources for VITAS Employees
Privacy and Disclaimers
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Terms and Conditions for VITAS App
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Zoom Instructions for Support Groups
Using Encrypted Email
Health Information Exchange Participation
Call Us 24/7
800.582.9533
Help Center