http://www.stonebridge.uk.com/terms-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Join over
80,000 learners
Choose from
over 650 courses
Flexible learning,
flexible payment options
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The assurances of the relationship
General
Stonebridge Associated Colleges is the trading name of Stonebridge Associated Colleges Ltd, Registered in England and Wales, No.3913572.
Stonebridge Associated Colleges, Stonebridge House, 42 Ocean View Road, Bude, Cornwall, England, EX23 8ST
Terms applying to all of our client agreements
In consideration of the agreements made herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each party shall agree as follows:
1. Definitions
For the purposes of these terms:
Headings; Number and Gender. The headings of sections and paragraphs are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this agreement or to affect the construction thereof. The use in this agreement of singular, plural, masculine, feminine and neuter pronouns shall include the others as the context may require.
'We' and 'us' means Stonebridge Associated Colleges, who will provide the services to you.
'You' means the student receiving the services.
'Course' means a distance learning course or course designed and developed by us including all revisions and updates to such course as we may make from time to time.
'Course Materials' means the physical materials relating to any one course, together with all revisions and updates made by us from time to time, which may be in any format and which are required by the student to complete the course.
2. Your Responsibilities
We affirm that the course materials will meet a satisfactory level of quality; however, we do not affirm that they will be error free. You are responsible for inspecting the course materials and informing us about any oversights as soon as is reasonably possible following delivery.
We place no time limits on you to complete your course, so you can take however long you need, whether that be 2 months or 2 years. However, we encourage students to complete their course within 12 months in order for the course to remain current and for you to stay motivated. If you are intending to take leave from your course for a period of 6 months or longer you are required to notify us in order for us to honour this policy of ‘no time limits’. If you fail to notify us, continuation of your course will incur a £40 reactivation fee.
Due to the nature of the Foot Health Practitioner Course all students must complete the entire course within a period not greater than 2 years.
You are required to notify us, either in writing at our registered address or by telephone, of any changes to your postal address.
3. Transferring Course
We retain the sole discretion concerning whether a course may be transferred from you to a third party. Any such request must be made to us in writing at our registered address. We will treat all justifiable requests as compassionately as possible.
We retain the sole discretion concerning whether you may transfer to another course offered by us. To request a course transfer you must send a signed, written request via recorded delivery to the Cancellations and Conversions Department at our registered address. We will treat all justifiable requests as compassionately as possible.
If we agree to the course transfer, the total fees paid towards the discontinued course will be offset against the cost of the new course. However, we will require that if the new course fee is greater than that of the discontinued course, the balance should be paid in full along with a standard £40 transfer fee.
4. Practical Training
The topics covered during the practical training will be as close as possible to those stated on the website. However, if we are obliged to make any minor changes to your practical training we reserve the right to do so and will inform you as soon as possible.
All outstanding course fees must be paid in full at least one month before your practical training is due to commence.
Any materials offered free with the course, e.g. the Free Practitioner's Toolkit and Free Patient Diagnosis Handbook, will be given to you on the first day of your practical training.
5. Appeals
You have a right to appeal the outcome of an assessment on the grounds that you do not agree with the assessment decision made by the Assessor/Tutor/Marker, or that the assessment procedures have not been carried out properly. If you wish to appeal, you must submit written notice to the Faculty Manager at our registered address within five days of receiving notification of the grade or assessment. Your notice must include your intention to appeal and the grounds for appeal. You must also then provide a full case, in writing, within a further fourteen days.
The Faculty Manager will review the submission and assessment material with the Internal Verifier and Quality Manager for the final grading. Their decision is final and you will be advised of the outcome in writing.
For a copy of the appeals policy and procedure, please send a written request to the Administration Department at our registered address.
6. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
We warrant that we will carry out the service to you with a reasonable level of care and skill.
If you require any changes to these terms, please request such changes in writing to the address above.
Any liability under any agreement between you and us shall be limited to any sums paid by you to us.
As far as permitted by law, we shall not be liable to any person for losses or damages that were not reasonably foreseeable and that were not caused by any breach on our part.
We shall not be liable to any person for any direct or indirect loss or damage as a result from your course enrolment. Any liability that does arise will be limited to the course fee paid.
We are not qualified to provide you with advice regarding health problems. If you require any such advice, we recommend you seek the opinion of your doctor or any other medical practitioner. Any holistic health care advice we do provide should be treated as congruent to, and not an alternative for, accustomed health care.
7. Waiver
None of the conditions or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to have been waived by either party, except by an instrument in writing signed by a duly authorised officer or representative of each party. The waiver by either party of any right hereunder or the failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement, or any rights with respect thereto, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other rights hereunder or any breach or failure of performance of the other party.
8. Payment
All outstanding debts to us must be made before we will issue you with a diploma or certificate.
We reserve the right to refuse enrolment on any of the courses we offer.
If you are using a credit agreement and paying for the course by instalments, you agree to pay the instalments promptly and on the dates specified in the credit agreement, irrespective of the speed at which you are studying. If you are issued with a new card, please notify us as soon as possible so that we can update our records.
If you are paying by instalments and your card is declined or you miss a payment for any other reason, we will notify you by email and then letter, and your course account will be locked.
9. Copyright
All copyright and other intellectual property rights relating to the course materials are either owned by or licensed to us. Copying, adaptation or any other use of all or any part of the course materials without our express permission is strictly prohibited.
10. Other Terms
If at our discretion we afford you any relaxation of these terms, this shall in no way affect our rights under these terms and conditions.
This Agreement shall be interpreted in all respects in accordance with the law of England and Wales. The parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts for the determination of any question or dispute arising in connection with this Agreement.
If the whole, or any part, of any clause(s) of this Agreement is or becomes invalid for any reason, that invalidity shall not affect the validity of any other provision.
All courses are available to be purchased in non-tutored book format for 90% of the course fee as listed on this website.
11. Cancellation
In accordance with The Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013, which replaced the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000, you may cancel your course anytime within fourteen days after you receive your course materials whether in hard copy or online.
To cancel your course you must contact the customer service team 0121 794 8380 within office hours Monday - Friday 9am-5pm. Please note cancellations cannot be accepted via email or postal format.
In line with The Consumer Rights Act 2015, you also have a 14 day right to change your mind and get a full refund for digital content, i.e. Online courses, that you have purchased, unless you have already started to download it.
You must also return any course related hard copy materials in their original packaging to us at your own cost and risk, and in a resaleable condition. We strongly encourage you to send the course materials by recorded delivery so that you can track the return.
Upon receipt of cancellation notice and returned course materials at our registered address – and provided the course materials are, at our sole discretion, in resaleable condition - we will process the refund due to you within thirty days of our receipt of your written notice of cancellation.
All cancellations will be subject to a 3% cancellation charge for administration, which would be deducted from any refund due to you.
Outside the standard Terms and Conditions cancellations may be considered on a case by case situation. In this case a cancellation fee equating to 50% of the remaining course balance will be charged. This fee will be requested as a one-off payment to settle the account.
12. Data Protection
We are registered with the Data Protection Office, No. X3631966, and are committed to protecting your privacy and keeping your personal information secure. We will not disclose your details to any person, unless you have given your consent or we are compelled to do so by law, or in response to a valid, legally compliant request by any law enforcement agency or government authority.
13. Customer Queries and Complaints
Please tell us what you think!
We at Stonebridge Associated Colleges welcome feedback and complaints from all customer interactions.
Our commitment to handle customer contact
At Stonebridge Associated Colleges we are committed to handling all customer interactions quickly, accurately and fairly.
We aim to fully resolve any concerns or problems you may have immediately. If there is anything we cannot resolve immediately, we will explain why we are unable to do so and what we are going to do to speed up the resolution.
We recognise that feedback from customers is vital in helping us further improve the services that we offer.
We therefore record and analyse information that you give us to ensure that we get to the root cause of any issues you may have.
This allows Stonebridge Associated Colleges to focus the necessary resources in minimising issues and allows continual improvement.
It also shows any training gaps which may occur and enables us to take immediate action to fix these training deficiencies.
How to Contact Us
If you are a Stonebridge Associated Colleges customer, the quickest way to get a question or query answered would be to contact your tutor or trainer/assessor.
If you are not currently a Stonebridge Associated Colleges customer, or if you are unable to resolve your query via the above method, or via our Help section you can:
Call us on 0121 794 8380 (available from Monday-Friday 9am-5pm)
You can also email us at customer.services@stonebridge.uk.com
Write to us at Customer Service Department, Stonebridge House, 42 Ocean View Road, Bude, Cornwall, EX23 8ST
What we need to know from you
For us to be able to handle your query effectively, we will need the following information from you:
Your full name.
The full name of the course you are studying.
Your username/student reference number (if applicable)
Full detail on what your query or concern is.
If you wish to remain anonymous, then we will attempt to handle your query, though it might not always be possible, we will then advise what we can or cannot do to assist.
How we will deal with your complaint or query
STAGE 1
Advise the Stonebridge Associated Colleges staff member you work most closely with of your query or complaint and give them chance to resolve the matter directly. Due to the nature of some queries this could take up to 5 days investigate fully.
If you remain unhappy with the outcome, or how long it is taking, or if you feel it inappropriate to raise the issue with this staff member, please proceed to Stage 2.
STAGE 2
Contact us via any of the means described in the ‘how to contact us’ section of this policy.
We will aim to give you an answer as soon as possible and if we cannot, you will receive an update or resolution within 7 calendar days*.
STAGE 3
If you remain unhappy with the outcome of your query or complaint, you will be required to put your concerns in writing and send a letter to the following address:
The Office/2nd Line Customer Service Manager, Customer Service Department, Stonebridge House, 42 Ocean View Road, Bude, Cornwall, EX23 8ST.
The Office/2nd Line Customer Service Manager will then look at how your query or complaint was initially investigated.
They will also look at the initially query or complaint and the action carried out to resolve the issue.
The Office/2nd Line Customer Service Manager will speak with the relevant people involved in the query or complaint to date and the actions each person took.
This investigation will be completed within 14 calendar days* and they will send a response by letter to all involved with the findings and outcome of the investigation.
*This may be longer over public holidays and Christmas/New Year period.
How we will deal with your complaint or query
There are some exceptions to this process.
Complaints or queries involving discrimination, prevent or safeguarding issues should go straight to Stage 3. These areas are broken down into more detail below:
Discrimination based on:
Age.
Sex.
Race, religion or belief.
Sexual orientation.
Disability.
Pregnancy or maternity.
Marriage or civil partnership.
Gender reassignment.
The government’s counter terrorism strategy (Prevent):
Stopping a terrorist attack that you may have become aware of.
Stopping people becoming terrorists, if you are concerned about someone who may be in this situation and wish to make a complaint.
Radicalisation within an educational environment.
Any of the following, relating to yourself or another person (Safeguarding):
Physical abuse.
Sexual abuse or inappropriate conduct.
Emotional or psychological abuse or bullying.
Financial abuse.
External query/complaint review
Stage 3 is the final stage of internal process. If after following the previous stages and processes, you remain unhappy with the outcome of your query or complaint, we will advise you of any third parties that you can pursue your query or complaint with. This can depend on the type of learning that you have been doing and the type of query or complaint you have.
Customers undertaking courses funded by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) can go to the Independent Case Examiner (ICE) if they remain unhappy with the outcome of their query or complaint once the DTS process has been concluded. Further details can be found at: https://www.gov.uk/complain-indepdent-case-examiner.
Customers undertaking courses funded by Skills Development Scotland, contact SDS directly.
Enrol Now!
Associations
Sign up to our newsletter
There's a whole lot happening at Stonebridge and in the world of learning. Sign up for our newsletter and you'll be among the first to know about it! All fields are required.
Name
Email Address
Register
Request a callback
Request a callback