http://www.seniorlink.com/privacy
Menu
For Families
For Partners
Careers
News
Request services
Seniorlink Privacy Policy:
The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to describe how Seniorlink Incorporated and our subsidiaries (collectively, “Seniorlink,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses and shares information about you through this website. This Website Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected on this website and describes the types of information collected, how that information is used, and the choices website users have about collection and use of this information. By using this website, you accept and agree to this Website Privacy Policy. If you do not understand any aspects of our Website Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at compliance@seniorlink.com.
Please also read our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, which describes how we may use and disclose protected health information about care recipients for treatment, payment, or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended from time to time (“HIPAA”). To the extent there is any conflict between this Website Privacy Policy and the HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, the HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will control.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
You may use our website without providing any personal information. If you choose to request additional information about our healthcare services using a webform on our website, we may ask for information about you that is personally identifiable to you, such as your contact information (e.g., name, city/town, state, zip code, email address, or telephone number) and other non-public information that is associated with this information. We may ask for information regarding caregiver availability, a consumer’s possible care needs, as well as eligibility of the consumer for Medicaid, Medicare or other publicly funded healthcare programs. This personal information is provided voluntarily by you, the user, to communicate with us and to obtain information about the services we offer.
If you submit to us any personal information relating to another person, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Website Privacy Policy.
Choosing to provide personal information to the website, whether we request it or not, constitutes consent to the collection and sharing of the information for the purposes described in this Website Privacy Policy. By submitting personal information, you grant us the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store and use the personal information in connection with the operation of the website.
Usage Data
We may use web analytics and tag management and tools services to collect certain information relating to your use of the website. For example, we may automatically collect information on the device you use and your location, the type of web browser you use, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, the functions you utilize, the time and duration of your visits, crash logs and other information relating to your use of the website. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the website, troubleshoot any user problems, and to enhance and update the website.
Information Collected Through Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website through your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows the website to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, and tracking user trends.
How We Use and Share your Information
To Facilitate or Provide Services and Information
We collect information from you to facilitate or provide services that you request from us; provide information that you request from us; contact you about your services requests; and provide information about use of our website or availability of our services.
Support Services
We may disclose your information to our agents, affiliates, and contractors to allow them to perform certain functions relating to the administration and maintenance of this website or other activities related to your use of the website and services offered through the website. For example, we may contract with service providers to provide certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, customer relationship management and data storage and management. We provide our service providers with only the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each service provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, to protect your information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to providing the support services.
Legal Proceedings
We will share personal information with third party companies, organizations or individuals outside of Seniorlink if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Seniorlink, the site, our users, customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control
If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the website to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable Website Privacy Policy.Security
We use industry standard physical, technical and administrative security measures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee, ensure, or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.  Please note that while communications and information you send to us using webforms on our website are encrypted, e-mails and other communications you send to us outside of the website are not encrypted. Thus, we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through unencrypted email.
Where Information Is Maintained
Seniorlink is located in the United States. When you enter your personal information through the website, the personal information is transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States, and could be transferred to, stored and processed on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. We retain information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which you provided the information, to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce agreements and similar essential purposes. By using the website, you accept and agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your personal information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Links
This Website Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect at and through this website. Other websites owned by or affiliated with Seniorlink are governed by their own separate website privacy policies. Our website may also contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by Seniorlink. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.
Changes to the Website Privacy Policy
We may periodically change this Website Privacy Policy. If we decide to change this Website Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Website Privacy Policy on the website. These changes take effect upon posting, the date of which is shown as the “Effective Date” in the revised Website Privacy Policy. You should check back to this page regularly for any changes in our Website Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the website after we have notified you of changes as described above constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Personal Information of Children Under 13
The website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age, nor do we knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
Questions and How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Website Privacy Policy or otherwise need to contact us, please email us at compliance@seniorlink.com or contact us by US postal mail at the following address:
Seniorlink Incorporated120 St. James AvenueBoston, MA 02116Attn: Chief Compliance Officer
Effective Date
This Website Privacy Policy is effective as of July 2020.
Stay in touch with Seniorlink
Sign up for company news and updates on our benefit offerings.