http://www.ctsnet.org/comment-policy
Skip to main content
ALERT!
This site is not optimized for Internet Explorer 8 (or older).
Please upgrade to a newer version of Internet Explorer or use an alternate browser such as Chrome or Firefox.
CTSNet Comment Policy
A CTSNet user account is required for commenting on CTSNet content. To comment, users must first login to their CTSNet account. A hyperlinked username will be associated with any comment posted.
It is the mission of CTSNet to "connect the global cardiothoracic community.” A comment should reflect CTSNet’s collegial mission, and should be constructive, respectful, and relevant to the issue(s) raised by the content to which it is appended. Any criticism contained in a comment must be constructive and in keeping with the collegial spirit of the CTSNet community.
Comments should enhance CTSNet’s educational and collaborative ethos. Questions are encouraged, and authors of original submissions are likewise encouraged to respond to any relevant questions that are posed in comments.
Authors of CTSNet content are required to disclose potential conflicts of interest at the time of making a submission, and any disclosures made, if deemed relevant by CTSNet, are included with the published content. CTSNet users commenting on content are required to disclose their own potential conflicts of interest, if applicable to the subject matter.
Comments deemed by CTSNet to be overly promotional of a particular company or a particular company’s product(s) are not permitted and will be removed. A user who posts a comment of this nature may have their CTSNet user registration revoked.
Comments deemed by CTSNet in its sole discretion to be personal attacks against authors, other commenters, and/or CTSNet staff are not permitted and will be removed. Further, comments deemed by CTSNet in its sole discretion to be derogatory, slanderous, libelous, vulgar, profane, abusive, and/or otherwise inappropriate are not permitted and will be removed. A user who posts a comment determined by CTSNet in its sole discretion to be inappropriate and/or contrary to the ethos of the CTSNet community may have their CTSNet user registration revoked. Such behavior may be referred by CTSNet to the appropriate ethics committee of the professional organization(s) to which the user in question may belong.
CTSNet reserves the right to remove any comment that is in violation of this policy without prior warning.
Printer-friendly
Share