http://www.nutritiondata.com/help/nutrient-balance-indicator
in
All food categories
Cereal Grains and Pasta
Breakfast Cereals
Baked Products
Vegetables and Vegetable Products
Fruits and Fruit Juices
Nut and Seed Products
Legumes and Legume Products
Finfish and Shellfish Products
Poultry Products
Beef Products
Pork Products
Lamb, Veal, and Game Products
Sausages and Luncheon Meats
Dairy and Egg Products
Soups, Sauces, and Gravies
Fats and Oils
Snacks
Sweets
Spices and Herbs
Beverages
Baby Foods
Ethnic Foods
Meals, Entrees, and Sidedishes
Fast Foods, generic
Foods from A&W
Foods from Arby's
Foods from Back Yard Burgers
Foods from Blimpie
Foods from Burger King
Foods from Carl's Jr.
Foods from Chick-fil-A
Foods from Cold Stone Creamery
Foods from Culver's
Foods from Dairy Queen
Foods from Del Taco
Foods from Dippin' Dots
Foods from Domino's
Foods from Donatos
Foods from Hardee's
Foods from In-N-Out Burger
Foods from Jamba Juice
Foods from KFC
Foods from Krispy Kreme
Foods from Krystal
Foods from Long John Silver's
Foods from McDonald's
Foods from Papa John's
Foods from Papa Murphy's
Foods from Pizza Hut
Foods from Rubio's
Foods from Sbarro
Foods from Starbucks
Foods from Subway
Foods from Taco Bell
Foods from TCBY
Foods from Teriyaki Stix
Foods from Wendy's
Foods from White Castle
Foods from Wienerschnitzel
Home
Tools
Compare Foods
Custom Entry Tool
Nutrient Search Tool
Caloric Ratio Search
Nutritional Target Map Search
Daily Needs Calculator
Topics
Better Choices Diet
Glycemic Index
Fullness Factor
Fatty Acids
Food Additives
Effects of Processing Food
My ND
My Foods
My Recipes
My Tracking
My Preferences
My Profile
Recipe Finder
Food
Recipes
Fitness
Health
Subscribe to Self
Help
Quick Start
Search Tips
My ND Help
Compare Foods Help
Nutrition Facts Help
Caloric Ratio Pyramid
Nutrient Balance Indicator
Nutritional Target Map
Estimated Glycemic Load
Nutrition Glossary
Frequently Asked Questions
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
About ND
Nutrient Balance Indicator™
The Nutrient Balance Indicator™ appears in every ND analysis, and also on ND's Total
Consumption report. This symbol illustrates nutrient density and provides visual feedback
that can help you create meals that are healthier and more nutritionally balanced. It also
includes a calculated "Completeness Score™," which indicates how complete the
food is with respect to 23 essential nutrients.
How to Interpret the Nutrient Balance Indicator™
The main portion of the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ is a special type of radial graph. It's
very similar to a bar graph, but instead of having horizontal or vertical bars, the bars
(or "spokes") of this graph extend outward from the center. Each spoke
represents a different essential nutrient and is grouped into one of five color-coded
categories — Dietary Fiber (green), Protein (blue), Vitamins (purple), Minerals (white),
and potentially troublesome nutrients (yellow).The nutrient densities used for the
Nutrient Balance Indicator™ are derived from the percentages of FDA Daily Values that are
contained in a 1,000-calorie portion of the food. If the 1,000-calorie portion contains less
than 10% of the Daily Value for a nutrient, or if no data is available for that nutrient,
the nutrient's spoke appears completely gray. For higher nutrient densities, a
proportionate part of the spoke is filled with color.
Nutrient Balance at a Glance
The main purpose of the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ is to visually expose some of the
food's nutritional strengths and weaknesses. For example, in the above detail, it's very
easy to see that this food is a poor source of vitamin D, vitamin B12, and selenium, but
that the food does contain abundant amounts of dietary fiber, vitamin K, thiamin, vitamin
B6, folate, manganese, potassium, and sodium.
Understanding the Completeness Score™
At the bottom of the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ is a Completeness Score™ that ranges from 0
to 100. This score essentially tells you how close the food is to filling your needs for
all of these essential nutrients. With a Completeness Score™ of 100, all of the spokes on
the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ (except for the three yellow ones) will be completely
filled.
Note: Saturated fat, cholesterol, and sodium are not included in the calculation
of ND's Completeness Score™. They're shown on the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ simply to
provide feedback to those individuals who are restricting their intake of these nutrients.
While the Completeness Score™ and Nutrition Data's Rating are both derived
from the density of the essential nutrients in the food, they have very different
purposes. ND's Rating compares the levels of "good" nutrients to the levels of
"bad" nutrients to evaluate the food's potential for making a positive impact
on your diet. It does not, however, provide any indication of whether the food contains a
complete array of essential nutrients. Therefore, it's possible (and very common) to have
foods with good ratings that are still deficient in some nutrients.
For example, consider the following food:
Mushrooms, cooked
ND gives cooked mushrooms its highest rating of 5.0 because they are a good
source of many nutrients and are especially rich in vitamin D, niacin, pantothenic acid,
and copper. However, look at the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ above. Despite their high
rating, mushrooms are a poor source of calcium and are completely deficient in vitamin A,
vitamin E, vitamin K, and vitamin B12. Because of these deficiencies, its Completeness
Score™ is well below 100.
Using the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ to Improve Your Meals and Recipes
While the ND Rating provides feedback on the nutritional value of a single food, the Nutrient Balance Indicator™ provides a better way to gauge the nutritional value of an entire meal. By using My ND, you can easily experiment with your own meals and recipes to find combinations of foods that are more nutritionally complete.
For example, below are Nutrient Balance Indicators™ for three individual foods, plus a recipe that combines them. The nutritional strengths of these foods complement one another, so the resulting recipe is more nutritionally complete.
Tuna, canned
Spinach, cooked
Mushrooms, cooked
+
+
= Recipe: 3 oz
Tuna + 1.5 cups spinach + 0.5 cups mushrooms
Note: To learn how to create and analyze your own recipes with My Recipes, please see the My Recipes Help page.
Does the Completeness Score™ Need to Be 100?
It's a good idea to strive for higher Completeness Scores™, but don't become obsessed with
this number. Remember that this score is based on the nutrients contained in 1,000 calories
of the food. In a single day, it's likely that you consume roughly two times that amount
of food, so it's possible for you to be fully nourished even if the overall Completeness
Score™ for your diet is below 100.
Most people consume some foods (e.g., junk foods, desserts, flavored drinks) for reasons
other than simple nourishment. If junk food is all that you eat, your health will
eventually suffer. However, if you make sure that nutritionally rich and complete foods
make up the majority of your diet, you have more leeway to enjoy some of the less
nutritious foods without jeopardizing your nutritional health. Nutrition Data's Nutrient Balance
Indicator™ and Completeness Score™ simply help you find those nutritionally superior foods.
Can You Rely on Nutritional Supplements to Satisfy Your Needs?
All of the essential nutrients in Nutrition Data's Nutrient Balance Indicator™ are available in
supplement form. So, in theory, you could correct a weak diet simply by adding a daily
multivitamin. Realize, however, that vitamin and mineral supplements are refined products
that typically contain only the nutrients shown on their label. Nutrition is an evolving
science, and not every essential nutrient has yet been identified. By consuming nutritious
whole foods, it's more likely that you'll benefit from trace nutrients that your
supplements don't include.
Instead of relying on nutritional supplements, consider using them to fill in during
the times when it's not possible or practical to prepare and eat a regular meal. Nutrition
shakes, such as the one profiled below, are a type of supplement that is especially well
suited for this purpose.
Back to top
Around The Web
copycopycopycopy
Become our Fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Find recipes with this ingredient or dishes thatgo with this food on Self.com. Search for:
you might also like
Recipe Finder
Contact Us
Site Map
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
CAREERS
CONDÉ NAST STORE
REPRINTS/PERMISSIONS
Condé Nast Digital
For more great recipes & food news, visit:
Bon Appétit
Self
Epicurious
ZipList
Subscribe to a magazine:
Subscribe to a magazine:
View Special Offers
View All Titles
------------
Allure
Architectural Digest
Bon Appétit
Brides
Condé Nast Traveler
Details
GQ
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
Lucky
Self
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
W
Wired
View our sister sites:
Condé Nast Web sites:
Allure
Architectural Digest
Ars Technica
Bon Appétit
Brides.com
Condé Nast
Traveler
Concierge.com
Details
Epicurious
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
GQ
Hotel Chatter
Jaunted
Lucky
Reddit
Self
Style.com
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
Webmonkey
Wired.com
W
© 2018 Condé Nast. All rights reserved.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our
User Agreement (updated 5/25/18)
and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
(updated 5/25/18).
Your California Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Self NutritionData method and system is covered by U.S. Patent No. 7,620,531.
Ad Choices