http://www.monroeclinic.org/privacy-policy
BILL PAY
MY CHART
Search form
Search this site
Search for
-Any-Basic pageBlog entryEventNews ArticleProvider
Find a Doctor
Medical SpecialtiesMedical Sub Menu OneAdult Medicine
Allergy, Asthma & Pulmonary Medicine
Anesthesiology
Audiology
Behavioral Health
Cardiac Rehabilitation
Cardiology
Childbirth
da Vinci Robotic Surgery
Dentistry
Dermatology & Minor Procedure Center
Dietitian Services
Ear, Nose & Throat
Emergency Care
Employer Services
Eye Care (Ophthalmology)
Medical Sub Menu TwoFamily Medicine
Fast Care
Gastroenterology
General Surgery
Home Care
Hospice
Hospice Residential Home
Hospitalist
Intensive Care Unit (ICU)
Joint Replacement Center of Excellence
Medical Imaging
Memory Center
Medical Sub Menu ThreeNephrology
Neurology
Occupational Therapy
Oncology
Ophthalmology (Eye Care)
Optical Shop
Orthopaedics
Palliative Care
Pathology
Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine
Pharmacotherapy
Pharmacy
Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation
Medical Sub Menu FourPhysical Therapy
Podiatry
Prescription Refill portal
Primary Care
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
Rheumatology
Sleep Medicine
Speech Therapy
Sports Medicine
Travel Medicine
Urgent Care
Urology
Weight Loss
Women's Health
Wound Care
Hours & LocationsHours Left ColumnMonroeClinic
FastCare
Hospice Home
Hospital
Optical Shop
Pharmacy
Albany
Blanchardville
Brodhead
Hours Right ColumnDurand
FreeportClinic
Eye Care
Highland Women's Care
Urgent Care
Lena
New Glarus
Programs & EventsClasses & Events
ProgramsClub Scrub
Community Health Plan
Healthcare Reform
Stop Human Trafficking
PatientsAdvance Directives
Billing
Clinic Visits
Community Care
MyChart
Patient Information & Forms
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Patient Safety
Spiritual Care
Telehealth
Tobacco Cessation
Understanding Your Medicare Annual Wellness Visit
VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM
Virtual Visits
HospitalityGarden Terrace Cafe
Prairie Creek Coffee
Chapel
Prairie Stone Gifts
Tours
Construction Updates
You are hereHome / Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
The following provisions apply to information Monroe Clinic learns about or obtains from you when you visit our Web site. These provisions may be changed from time to time and without notice, at Monroe Clinic’s sole discretion and as provided by applicable law. You should check this privacy policy frequently for any such changes, but in any case your continued access or use of the Web site shall constitute acceptance of any modifications of the privacy policy. Monroe Clinic’s use of information gathered or obtained now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of such use.
What We Collect
Information You Give Us: Monroe Clinic receives and stores any information you enter on ourWeb site (for example, when you register for one of our workshops, or purchase one of our products) or provide in any other manner. This may include your personally identifiable information, such as your name and e-mail address. You can choose not to provide information, but then you might not be able to register for a workshop or make a purchase on-line. You are always welcome to make such transactions by mail: 515 22nd Avenue, Monroe, WI 53566 or telephone 608-324-2000. Monroe Clinic uses the information that you provide for such purposes as facilitating your purchase or workshop registration, responding to your requests for information, improving the products and services we offer, and communicating with you.
Automated Information Collection: Monroe Clinic receives and stores certain types of information whenever you visit the Web site. In addition to the information you provide, we may collect the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the IP address of the computer you are using; and the browser and operating system you are using; the date and time you access the Web site; and the internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our Web site. We use “cookies” to automatically gather some of this information.A cookie is a small text file that the Monroe Clinic system sends to your computer to collect information about your activities on our Web site. The cookie transmits this information back to our Web site each time your browser requests a page from our Web site, and the information is stored to help facilitate your use of our Web site the next time you visit. If You do not want to receive cookies from our Web site, you can set your browser to not accept cookies.
If you want to see information we have collected about you, or to update or correct such information, please see the Contact provisions below.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide and we collect to:
Administer the Web site and diagnose problems with our server;
Verify your identity;
Provide you with information about the Web site and Monroe Clinic’s products and services; and in order to facilitate performance by Monroe Clinic or you under the Terms and any other agreement you may enter into with Monroe Clinic; and
Measure the number of visitors to the Web site and how the Web site is used, in order to make the Web site as useful as possible to our visitors.
Sharing Information
We may share information collected or obtained from you to provide you with services you requested. If you do not want us to share information we have collected or obtained from you, please follow the instructions under Opt Out below.
Links
The Web site may contain links to other sites. These links are for the convenience of visitors to the Web site only, and Monroe Clinic makes no representations whatsoever regarding such other sites. You should review the privacy policies of other sites carefully before providing any information to such sites. Monroe Clinic is not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures or the content of any other site.
Security
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Monroe Clinic’s control.
Compliance with COPPA
The Web site is not directed at children under the age of 13. Monroe Clinic complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and does not knowingly permit registration or submission of personally identifiable information by anyone under 13 years of age. This age requirement is posted each time we request personally identifiable information.
Subpoenas
Monroe Clinic does not disclose the identities of visitors or users of the Web site unless legally required to do so. We will respond to any subpoena received from a government agency (i.e., the Securities and Exchange Commission or law enforcement agencies) without prior notice to you. Unless prohibited by law or by a valid court order, we will notify you of any subpoena received from any other party (i.e., for civil litigation) which requires us to disclose your identity, and will wait ten (10) days, or a lesser amount of time as required by the deadline in the subpoena, before providing the information requested by the subpoena.
Opt-Out
If you do not want Monroe Clinic to share information we collect or receive about you, or want automated information deleted from Monroe Clinic’s records, please contact Monroe Clinic’s business development with the information listed below.
Conditions of Use
Your access and use of the Web site is subject to this privacy policy including limitations on damages, and the applicability of the law of the State of Wisconsin.
Contacting the Site
If you have questions about this privacy policy or any other questions concerning the Web site, please contact:
Business Development
Monroe Clinic
515 22nd Avenue
Monroe, WI 53566
608-324-2000
businessdev@monroeclinic.org
2020.12.11
News and Events
Monroe Clinic News and Events
2020.12.11
News and Events
Monroe Clinic News and Events.
Click above to check them out.
2020.12.11
News and Events
Monroe Clinic's Facebook Feed
ABOUT USMISSION & VALUES
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
HISTORY
LEARN MORE ABOUT SSM HEALTH
VOLUNTEERS
LEADERS IN ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL DESIGN (LEED)
SPONSORSHIP REQUEST FORM
QUALITY
FOUNDATIONMonroe Clinic & Hospital Foundation
Donations:Planned Giving
EVENTS & FUNDRAISERS
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
JOIN OUR TEAMCAREER RESOURCES
MEDICAL EDUCATION
JOB SHADOW PROGRAM
VOLUNTEERS
OUR COMMUNITIES
Contact Us
Media Center
Language Accessibility and Nondiscrimination
Patient Privacy Practices
SITEMAP
Website Privacy Policy
Youtube
Twitter
FaceBook
COPYRIGHT © 2020 MONROE CLINIC, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.