http://www.hepctrust.org.uk/privacy-statement
Skip to main content area
Donate
Twitter
Facebook
Vimeo
SoundCloud
Hepatitis C Trust
Search form
Search
Confidential helpline020 7089 6221
Home
SupportHelpline
Advocacy
UK wide support groups
Useful links
InformationJust diagnosed
About the hepatitis C virus
Infected Blood Inquiry
Impact of hepatitis C on the liver
Infected blood support schemes
Living with hepatitis C
Risk factors
Symptoms of hepatitis C
Testing
Treatment
Hepatitis C and overall health
The liver
About the information on this website
Leaflets and print publications
ServicesCommunity Peer Programme
Outreach and testing van
Pharmacy
Prison Services
South Asian outreach
Training
Resources for drug workers
CampaigningCampaigning in England
Policy and Parliamentary
Campaigning in Scotland
Campaigning in Wales
NOhep
HCV Action
Get involved
Policy Publications
Prevention of new infections
World Hepatitis Day
About UsNews
History
Trustees and Patrons
Staff
Art on a Postcard
Media
Contact us
Vacancies at The Hepatitis C Trust
You are here:
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
The Hepatitis C Trust is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. Once you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), it will only be used to support your relationship with The Hepatitis C Trust.
Your personal information
You may give us your personal information directly, through making a donation on our website, via telephone or in the post, attending an event or communicating directly with us.
When we ask for your personal information, we give you the option to opt out of communications via post, telephone and e-mail at any time.
We do not give, rent or sell your personal information to any other organisations. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
How we store your information
We take appropriate physical, electronic and managerial measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date, and that we only keep it as long as is reasonable and necessary.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal information, the transmission of information over the internet is never completely secure. We do our best to protect personal information, but we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to our website, so any transmission is at the user’s own risk.
The information we collect
If you make a donation to The Hepatitis C Trust, sign up to an event or sign up to receive communications from us, we will normally collect your name and contact details. We will retain your bank account information if you are making a regular donation via Direct Debit. We may also keep other information such as your date of birth, to enable us to build a better profile of our donors to help us understand you better and identify potential new supporters who may like to hear about our work.
How we use your personal information
We will only use your information in relation to your communications with us, this may include:
• Keeping you up to date on news and stories about our services and work;
• Asking for financial and non-financial support, such as volunteering;
• Processing donations you give us, or to support your fundraising for us, including gift aid;
• Providing information or packs, for example leaflets or posters that you have requested;
• Providing a personalised service, such as customised website content or personalised emails;
• Keeping records of your relationship with us e.g. questions you have asked or complaints you have made;
• Classifying  supporters by location, for example Scotland, Northern Ireland or Wales; and
• Conducting market research to aid our understanding of our supporters and their views.
We may use publicly available information such as newspaper articles, or information you have given permission to other organisations to share such as Linkedin, to identify supporters and non-supporters, including Trustees, who have expressed an interest in giving major gifts or having a public profile with charities like The Hepatitis C Trust.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Updating your information or opting out of communications
If your personal information changes or you would like to stop receiving our fundraising communications, please email admin@hepctrust.org.uk, write to The Office Manager, The Hepatitis C Trust, 27 Crosby Row London SE1 3YD or telephone 020 7089 6220.
Notification of change of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy statement. You are advised to visit this website section periodically in order to keep up to date with the changes in our privacy policy. This Policy was last updated in January 2018
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please contact:
The Office Manager, The Hepatitis C Trust, 27 Crosby Row, London SE1 3YD.
Confidential helpline020 7089 6221
Top
Our Trust
The Hepatitis C Trust is a registered charity. We have adopted the Information Standard which means we are committed to providing reliable and evidence-based information.
Charity registration numbers
Charity registration numbers: Scotland SC039914, England and Wales 1104279, company number 05069924
Contact Us
Confidential helpline
020 7089 6221
Email enquiries
helpline@hepctrust.org.uk
Sign up for newsletters
Leave this field blank
Helplines Partnership
The Information Standard
©2020 Hepatitis C Trust
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Statement