https://www.yanhee.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our site to contact us.
When filling the contact form on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
When you send us photos and other personal data during virtual consultation.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To assist us in our diagnosis (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve our customer service (your information helps us more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent).
To send emails – The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your inquiry or treatment plan.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy
This online privacy policy applies to any information collected through our website and any information collected from you in our Website.
Contact Us Today!
Name
Email Address
Subject
Message