http://www.obermair.info/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy » Professor Andreas Obermair
Home
About
Professor Obermair
My Team
Patients
About your visit
Our Fees
Useful forms
Useful Resources
Quality Control
Links
Doctors
How to refer a patient
What we need from you
COVID-19 Pandemic
Medical Conditions
Gynaecological Cancer
Colposcopy
Hysterectomy
Medical Imaging
Tumour Markers
Uterine Fibroids
Adnexal (pelvic) masses & Ovarian cysts
Adenomyosis
Endometriosis
Lynch Syndrome
BRCA Cancer Treatment
Research
For Patients
Publications
Key Presentations
Online Presentations
Fundraising
News
Blog
Newsletters
Media
Gynaecological cancer during COVID-19
Contact
Privacy Policy
Professor Obermair (Our practice) understands how important your personal information is to you. We have adopted the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act (Commonwealth) 1988 as part of our standard operating procedures for the protection of your personal and health information.This policy explains how our practice collects personal and health information and how we maintain, use and disclose that information.Personal InformationPersonal information means information or an opinion about you from which your identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained. This is whether the information or opinion is true or not and whether it is recorded in material format or not.CollectionWe will only collect personal information from you that is necessary for us to be able to provide our services to you. We will seek to ensure that we do not collect information from you in any way that is unlawful or unreasonably intrusive.Whenever it is reasonable and practicable to do so, we will collect that information directly from you, however, you acknowledge and consent to us receiving information from other health care providers. In such instances we will encourage such parties to act in accordance with the principals set out in this policy. If we otherwise have to collect personal information about you from someone else, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that you are aware of that fact.We do not collect information about your political, philosophical, or religious beliefs or sexual preferences.Use and DisclosureUse of your Personal Information will be used:To provide best practice medical services;
To communicate treatment outcomes and progress to other health care providers involved in your care (GP, other specialists if needed)
To enhance our customer service;
To answer your queries;
For medical research;
For Quality Assurance
To notify you of upcoming events and/or newsworthy information by us.
We do not sell personal information to third parties. However, with your permission, we will, on occasion send information on behalf of The Queensland Centre for Gynaecological Cancer, The Gynaecological Cancer Society or charity organisations (Foundations) about services they provide that may be of interest to you. If you elect to receive such materials, we will not share your personal information with such partners but rather will send a mailing or e-mail on behalf of the partners.We reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the website, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.Accuracy of Personal InformationWe try to ensure that the personal information held by us about you is accurate, complete and up to date. To assist us, we ask that you notify us promptly if there are any changes to your personal information. You may ask us to correct any inaccurate information we hold about you and we will address your concerns within a reasonable period.Data SecurityWe will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. For example, personal information stored electronically requires login and passwords for access, and is only utilised by staff whose job requires access;Your personal information where not stored electronically, is stored in our secure office premises with restricted access or with an offsite secure storage facility. If we no longer require the use of your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify it.Access to Personal InformationWe will provide you with access to your personal information upon request. We will endeavour to provide the information to you in a timely manner. You may be charged a fee for servicing your request which we will advise you at the time. There is no fee for lodging a request for access.There may be circumstances in which we cannot provide you with access; for example, where this is required or authorised under the law, would have an unreasonable impact upon the privacy of other individuals or the request for access is frivolous or vexatious. We will advise you of the reasons if we deny you access.CookiesIn order to provide better customer service and to enhance our relationship with our patients, we collect statistical information on website activity such as the number of Users who visit our practice’s website, the date and time of visits, the number of pages viewed, time spent on website, navigation patterns and origin of the User. In common with most websites, we use "cookies". A cookie allows us to identify and more effectively interact with your computer. A cookie does not identify the individual User although they do identify the User's browser type and Internet service provider. You may be able to configure your browser so that it does not receive cookies but in doing so some of the functionality of our practice’s website may be lost.ConsentPrior to commencing your treatment, you consent to us, our agents, contractors, authorised employees and any related party collecting, maintaining, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with our practice’s Privacy Policy for the purposes contemplated by these Terms and Conditions.How to contact usWe will try to answer any question and address any concern you have about the information we hold about you, or about our information-handling practices. You may contact us at the following address:Prof Andreas ObermairGreenslopes Private Hospital, Suite 5A, Ground Floor, Administration BuildingNewdegate St.  Greenslopes QLD 4120If we are unable to resolve your request, you may refer the complaint to your the Privacy Commissioner.
Copyright © Professor Andreas Obermair 2007-2020Privacy Policy | Sitemap | RSS | Google+
Last modified 29/04/2017 10:49am