http://www.sempa.org/home-page/privacy-policy/
Welcome Guest,
Login
Contact Us
|
My Account
Menu
Membership
Why Join SEMPA?Member BenefitsJoin or RenewCategories & DuesSEMPA 100% ClubSenior FellowDiplomats
Education
Education ScheduleSEMPA 360 Annual ConferenceSEMPA Live!SEMPA Live! On DemandSEMPA Virtual Grand RoundsSEMPA Procedures CourseSEMPA Ultrasound CourseCME CertificateEM AcademyFOAMed ResourcesPostgraduate ProgramsAcquired Hemophilia
Practice Management
COVID-19 ResourcesPodcastsPoint-of-Care ToolsPAs in the EDEMPA Education DataClinical Practice DataSalary & Benefits DataReimbursement IssuesPrehospital Guidelines
Professional Development
Career CenterMentoring ProgramAdvocacyBurnout and Wellness Becoming an EMPACertification & RecertificationPostgraduate ProgramsEmergency Medicine: A Toolkit for StudentsEmergency Medicine: A Toolkit for Practicing PAsOpioid ResourcesNCCPA's CAQ in Emergency Medicine
About SEMPA
Mission, Vision & Core ValuesBoard of DirectorsHistoryAdvisory BoardDiplomats of SEMPAAwards CommitteesSEMPA LiaisonsGuidelines & StandardsStatementsEM Day of ServiceCharitable FundContact Us
Career Center
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SEMPA respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its Web site. To protect online privacy, SEMPA has implemented the following policy.
What Information Does SEMPA Collect? SEMPA data to help us better serve our members and other visitors. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members, customers and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, a notice of the changes will be placed on the Web site.
From general users. SEMPA does not collect any personal information from people browsing its website. We only collect aggregate data -- such as the number of hits per page. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not include any personally identifying information.
From SEMPA’s members, conference registrants, and other customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on SEMPA.org, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. SEMPA asks users to provide their name, member number (for members), organization name, phone, mail and email addresses. Similar information may be submitted to SEMPA through membership applications, conference or seminar registration, publication orders, subscriptions, surveys and contest registrations.
Additionally, for some emails sent in HTML format by SEMPA to its members through its listservs and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those email messages, SEMPA will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks the links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user's "click," a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. SEMPA only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
How Does SEMPA Use Data Collected? SEMPA uses information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
SEMPA Member Services and Products.Generally, SEMPA uses data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. SEMPA also makes member contact information securely available through the SEMPA Members Directory to other members through its Web site: Members may remove themselves from the Members Directory or specify what contact information is included by logging into their SEMPA online profile and editing their "Mail & Member Directory Preference Information," or by contacting SEMPA Member Services at (800) 798-1822, ext. 5, or membership@sempa.org.
On occasion, SEMPA may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and preferred mailing addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers or email addresses. Users may request SEMPA refrain from disclosing contact data to third parties by logging into their SEMPA profile online and changing their "Mail & Member Directory Preference Information, " or by contacting SEMPA Member Services at (877) 297-7594, ext. 5, or membership@sempa.org.
Credit Card Account Information. SEMPA does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, SEMPA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.  Credit card information submitted online is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.
How Does SEMPA Use Cookies? SEMPA collects cookies on our Web site to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and SEMPA uses this information only internally - to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. SEMPA does not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality on our Web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable. SEMPA never gives away information about our users. If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, SEMPA will use this information only to respond to your inquiry. SEMPA will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific SEMPA product or service.
SEMPA uses analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.  Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines< , Policies, and Restrictions.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites? This Web site contains links to other web sites. SEMPA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
What Means Of Redress Are Available? If any user suspects SEMPA has handled personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact SEMPA at (877) 297-7594, ext. 5, or membership@sempa.org.
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
877.297.7594 toll free
sempa@sempa.org