http://www.einstein.edu/vascular-surgery/conditions/arterial-disease
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Home / Services / Vascular Surgery / Conditions & Treatments / Arterial Disease
Vascular Surgery
Vascular Surgery Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Conditions & Treatments
Arterial Disease
At Einstein Healthcare Network, our team of board-certified vascular surgeons is highly experienced in the most advanced treatments for vascular diseases, restoring blood flow to help you live a long and healthy life.
We treat a full range of vascular diseases, including:
Aortic artery disease
This disease affects the aorta, the largest artery in your body, which receives oxygen-rich blood directly from your heart and runs through your chest and abdomen.
Learn more about aortic disease
Cerebrovascular disease
This disease affects the carotid and vertebral arteries, which supply blood to the brain and upper spinal cord.
Peripheral artery disease
This disease affects the arteries that supply blood to your limbs, such as the femoral artery in your leg or the brachial artery in your arm.
Renal and mesenteric occlusive disease
This occurs when the blood flow to your kidneys, intestines or other organs is restricted or blocked. This condition can lead to severe pain, organ damage and even death.
Popliteal artery aneurysm
The large artery in the back of your knee is one of the most common places to develop an aneurysm.
Procedures
Our skilled team of vascular surgeons are experts in procedures to treat arterial disease, including the following:
Cardiac Catheterization
Your doctor can thread a small, flexible tube called a catheter through the blood vessels in your arm, leg, chest, neck or other affected area through a small incision. In a procedure known as an angioplasty, a tiny balloon on the tip of the catheter is expanded inside your artery, widening a narrowed area. The catheter can also be used to place stents, which are spring-like tubes that keep your blood vessels open or reinforce an aneurysm. These minimally invasive procedures are often used to successfully treat many forms of vascular disease, and can help prevent the need for open surgery.
Bypass & Graft Surgery
When a blood vessel is significantly or totally blocked, you may need surgery to bypass the affected area. In most cases your doctor will harvest a healthy blood vessel from your leg, arm or chest. However, in some cases a donor or artificial blood vessel may be used. This healthy blood vessel is then grafted to the main artery, rerouting blood flow around the blocked or narrowed area.
Endarterectomy
If you have a significant buildup of plaque in a major artery, such as the femoral or carotid artery, your doctor may recommend surgically removing this fatty, waxy material. Compared with an angioplasty, an endarterectomy is a more permanent solution for restoring blood flow through severely narrowed arteries, and helps avoid the risk of blood clot formation around a stent.
Request an Appointment
Schedule an appointment today if you experience symptoms of vascular disease, or your primary care physician recommends that you see a specialist. Symptoms of vascular diseases include:
Swelling of your legs or ankles
Pain, itchiness or tightness in your legs
Pain when walking that stops when you rest
Twisted, enlarged veins that are close to the surface of your skin
Brown or hardened skin, or skin that looks red or blue
Request an Appointment
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training, Education and Research
At Einstein, our vascular surgery team is actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.