http://www.nfcacares.org/can-internet-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Help for Caregivers
Care Community
Top 10 Tips for Caregivers
Family Caregiver Toolbox
Caregiver Videos
Caregiver Stories
Agencies & Organizations
Coping with Alzheimer’s
COPD Caregiving
Blueprint
Take Care!
CAN Internet Privacy Statement
The Caregiver Action Network (CAN) respects the privacy of visitors to our online site. CAN will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this web site. CAN and/or the companies it hires will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location at which you submit your information. CAN may use that information to contact you. It will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information.
CAN's web site also uses information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is available in this process.
CAN's web site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable data from any person we know to be under the age of 13.
As a convenience to our visitors, CAN's web site might contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Any changes to this CAN Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page.
CAN may make chat rooms, message boards, or interactive opportunities available to its visitors. Those are Public Forums. Please remember that any information that you disclose voluntarily to others through the Public Forums may become public information. We urge you to be cautious when deciding to disclose your personal information, through Public Forums or to others whom you may meet through this website. NCFA cannot confirm the accuracy or authenticity of third party information or messages transmitted through our website. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to any personally identifiable information you disclose in a public forum or to a third party.