http://www.rcplondon.ac.uk/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Home
Education & PracticeRCP OnlineEd™
Advice for your career
Assessment & CPD
Courses & E-learningTeaching, supervision and assessment
Leadership
Appraisal and revalidation
Personal development
Funding & Awards
LibraryClinical and educational material
Historical research materials
Literature searching
Article supply and document delivery
RCP Journals
RCP Medicine podcast
Volunteering
RCP Revise™
EventsUpcoming Events
Conferences
Courses and workshops
Public
Social
Teach-ins
Guidelines & Policy
Projects
Video & AudioLive streaming
Video archive
Podcasts
My RCP
News
Blogs
About usWho we areOur governance
Our history
Our role
Our strategy
Our vision
Our faculties
Our specialties
What we doAccreditation
Audits
Global support
Invited reviews
Museum and archive
National guidelines
Policy
Quality improvement
RCP at The Spine
UK regional networkRCP regions
Who's whoBoard of Trustees
Censors
College officers and senior roles
Council
Executive leadership team
International officers
Regional advisers
Special advisers
Senior college officers
Get involvedCommittees
Patient and Carer Network
Provide a CPD event
Volunteering
Working parties
CareersWhat we offer
Diversity and staff development
How to apply
ContactVisiting
Environmental sustainability
Menu
Search
Join
Login
Donate
Home »
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
While the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) makes every effort to ensure that the information provided on our websites and on our Learning Management System (LMS), or online learning platform, is accurate and up to date, we do not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the content. We may make changes to the content of our websites and our LMS or the products and services described in them, at any time, without notice.
Under no circumstances shall the RCP be liable for any damage or loss arising from the use of or reliance on information contained on our websites or our LMS.
Terms of use
When you access this website or our LMS, you are agreeing to do so only for your private use and not for commercial or public use; and to use this site or platform only for lawful and proper purposes, in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict, inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site or platform by anyone. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct:
which is unlawful
which may harass
which may cause distress or inconvenience to any person
involving transmission of obscene or offensive content
which disrupts normal working of this site or the LMS.
Users of the website or LMS will be expected to adhere to the RCP’s Code of Conduct: https://www.rcplondon.ac.uk/code-conduct
You are also agreeing that you will not copy, store in any medium, distribute, transmit, modify or show in public any part of the website or LMS without the prior written permission of the RCP or in accordance with the Copyright, Design and Patents Act 1988.
You are prohibited from using this website or the LMS to post or transmit any unlawful, defamatory, obscene, offensive or scandalous material. This includes material that constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, likely to give rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any law. The Royal College of Physicians reserves the right to cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials on this website or on our LMS.
Third Party Links
Our sites and LMS may contain links to other websites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you access them using links from our websites or LMS and recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit.
In addition, if you linked to our websites or LMS from a third party website, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
Copyright and trademark
Unless stated otherwise, the RCP maintains copyright on the information published on this site and on our LMS. The design of the website and LMS is owned by the RCP and we own or have licence to use the photographs found on the website and LMS.
Logos, names and images identifying the RCP are the proprietary marks of the Royal College of Physicians (registered charity no. 210508) and our subsidiaries. You are prohibited by law from reproducing them.
Intellectual property rights
All copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights on our websites and on our LMS and all photographs, footage, designs, images, text, software, data and other material on our sites and LMS or generated by our sites and LMS are owned by us or our licensors. You are permitted to use the sites and LMS and this material only as expressly authorised by us.
You are permitted to print and download extracts from our websites and our LMS for your personal non-commercial use and for private study or teaching purposes, provided in each case that:
copyright and source indications are also printed and copied
no modifications are made to the materials and they are not used as part of any other publication
any document is printed and copied entirely and is not used in a derogatory or misleading context
the material is not used in a manner which may damage our reputation or otherwise be harmful to us or impair our ability to achieve our charitable objects.
No other use of material on our websites or our LMS may be made without first obtaining our written permission. In particular, you must not do the following unless you have first obtained our written permission to:
incorporate any material from our sites or LMS in any other work or publication, whether in hard copy or electronic form; or
make any commercial use or publication of any material on our sites or LMS (other than as necessary for the purpose of viewing the sites or LMS in the course of business).
If you wish to use any material from any part of our sites or LMS other than in accordance with the terms above, please email your request to webteam@rcplondon.ac.uk (for the website) or the Education e-learning team at elearning@rcplondon.ac.uk (for the LMS).
Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
Disclaimer
The products which are supplied via our websites and LMS have been designed to comply with the statutory legal requirements and relevant safety standards of the United Kingdom. We can therefore make no representation or warranty that any product provided via or referred to on our sites or our LMS is compliant with health, safety or other legal requirements which apply outside the United Kingdom or are otherwise suitable for use outside of the United Kingdom. You may not access our sites or our LMS from countries where their contents are illegal or unlawful. If you do access our sites or our LMS from locations outside the United Kingdom, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
We do not warrant that the functions contained on our sites or our LMS will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that our sites or LMS or the servers that make them available are free of viruses or bugs or represent full functionality, accuracy or reliability of the materials. We will not be liable for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system or any other damages (including amongst other losses, loss of profit or loss of use) arising out of your use or delay or inability to use our sites or LMS, their content or any links to other websites arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise except in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
Viruses and Malware
The RCP recommends that you install appropriate defences against viruses and other malware before you download any information from this website or our LMS. The RCP accepts no responsibility for any virus or malware contracted as a result of visiting this website or our LMS or any other website and will not be liable for any claim, loss, damage, costs or expenses suffered as a result of the presence of any virus or malware on this website or LMS or any other RCP website.
The RCP’s privacy statement
At the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our audiences, members and visitors. This privacy statement (https://www.rcplondon.ac.uk/privacy-statement) explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you, your rights, and how to make a complaint.
Contact us
We've taken every care to ensure that the information contained on this website and on our LMS is accurate and up to date. However, if you come across something you believe is inaccurate, please contact the Web team at webteam@rcplondon.ac.uk (for the website) or the Education e-learning team at elearning@rcplondon.ac.uk (for the LMS).
Information on the RCP’s online learning refund/cancellation policy
Buying our e-learning products (eg online courses, question banks) is a form of contract. Applications for refunds must be made in writing. In some circumstances you may be entitled to a full or partial refund for your subscription fee. These refunds are at the discretion of the College and subject to management approval. You will be entitled to a full refund provided that you have not accessed the online materials during a period of 14 days since access was granted. If you do access the materials within the 14-day period, you acknowledge that you are not entitled to a refund if you then change your mind and cancel your subscription.
The RCP reserves the right to change the product at any time and without prior notice. It also reserves the right in its absolute discretion to cancel the product, in which case a full refund will be issued.
If you have any queries regarding cancellations or a refund of your subscription fee, please contact our Education e-learning team at elearning@rcplondon.ac.uk.
These Terms of Use and any issues, dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (whether contractual or non-contractual in nature such as claims in tort, from breach of statute or regulation or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales.
Share