https://www.thecarlatreport.com/privacy-and-confidentiality-policy/
Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
Carlat Publishing, LLC (“Carlat”) respects your privacy. All personal information that is provided to Carlat is stored in a secure database and is restricted to designated Carlat staff who have a “need to know” such information.
Marketing
Carlat may use your personal information, such as your e-mail address, to inform you of upcoming events or new services offered by Carlat which we believe may be of interest to you based on the information you have provided us. You may request at any time that we change or remove your information by sending an e-mail to info@thecarlatreport.com. Keep in mind that if you unsubscribe from receiving our emails there may be an interruption in receiving emails related to your purchased products such as subscriptions.
Security
For the purposes of website security and to ensure that our service remains available to all users, Carlat utilizes certain software programs to monitor website traffic and to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on our website or to otherwise damage it. Carlat may use information from these sources to help identify an individual if required for law enforcement purposes or otherwise by law.
Cookies
The Carlat website uses cookies as a means of recognizing its visitors so as to improve their experience on its website. For example, the use of cookies allows you to register more quickly, and allows us to restrict access of certain portions of our website only to authorized users. We highly recommend that you set your web browser to accept cookies from http://thecarlatreport.com/ to optimize this website’s performance.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy and Confidentiality Policy, please contact us at 866-348-9279 or info@thecarlatreport.com.
Subscribe
Register for free content
×
Register For Free Articles
Register to receive free email newsletters with concise, practical advice for busy clinicians. You will also have access to select article content on the website and you will receive notifications of new books and special discount offers.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Website
Close
Courses and Book CME
The Medication Fact Book for Psychiatric Practice, Fifth Edition (2020)
2021 Carlat Psychiatry Report Self-Assessment Course
2020 Carlat Psychiatry Report Self-Assessment Course
The Child Medication Fact Book for Psychiatric Practice (2018)
×