https://www.consumerreports.org/issue/data-privacy?INTKEY=I000G0000
Sign InSign InBecome a MemberDonateMonthly GivingOne-Time DonationOther Ways To GiveSign InRemember MeForgot username or password?Forgot username or password?Not a member? Join todayNeed further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663Sign InRemember MeForgot username or password?Forgot username or password?Not a member? Join todayNeed further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663
Privacy is a right!
Your data is collected, bought and sold without your knowledge or consent. This enables powerful interests to shape the information you see, the prices you pay, and even the opportunities you get.
We think consumers need far more control over who uses their data, and for what purpose. Here’s how we are working for you:
1
Advocating for laws that ensure that companies use your data only for the things that you have agreed to let them do.
2
Increasing transparency about the data practices of companies you interact with, and how you can exercise your rights.
3
Helping you take action to secure your online life.
We think consumers need far more control over who uses their data, and for what purpose. Here’s how we are working for you:
1
Advocating for laws that ensure that companies use your data only for the things that you have agreed to let them do.
2
Increasing transparency about the data practices of companies you interact with, and how you can exercise your rights.
3
Helping you take action to secure your online life.
Quick Data Privacy Tips From Security Planner
Learn How To …
Protect Texts on Your Lock Screen
Turn on Your Firewall
Try a Temporary Email
Cover Your Laptop Webcam
Get free personalized online safety recommendations with Security Planner!
Get Started
Data Privacy Product Ratings
Antivirus Software
34 Rated
Mobile security software
15 Rated
Smart Speakers
50 Rated
Password Managers
10 Rated
Wireless Routers
48 Rated
All Products A-Z
8,500+ Rated
Data Privacy News
Retrieving Content...
Retrieving Content...
Get Involved
You Test
4 steps to strengthen your digital privacy
Share Your Story
How do you feel about current digital privacy protections?
Petition
Ask Congress to Pass a Strong Privacy Law
Working for you
Facebook Facial Recognition Settings: A CR Success Story
When the Federal Trade Commission hit Facebook with a $5 billion penalty for its privacy failures in July, the FTC cited CR’s investigation into problems with Facebook’s facial recognition settings as one of the major examples of the company’s privacy lapses. In September, Facebook updated the settings to address the issues identified by CR.
Case Study
The issue
In 2017, Facebook announced a new setting to give consumers control over their facial recognition data. But as CR discovered, many users were never given access to the setting
What CR did
CR observed Facebook users as they navigated their accounts. Several lacked the Face Recognition setting. This confirmed that many users had no clear way to opt out of one of the world’s  largest name-face databases
The result
Facebook agreed to roll out controls to all users
The Federal Trade Commission cited the CR research in announcing its record $5 billion settlement with Facebook
The FTC settlement imposed new facial recognition protections on the company
Let’s make data privacy a standard
With your support, we can make sure your privacy is protected online.
Donate
Member Support
Contact Us
Account Settings
What is Membership?
Make a Donation
Newsletters
Give a Gift
About
About Us
Career Opportunities
Media Room
Advocacy
CR Recommended Program
Data Intelligence
Digital Lab
Product Reviews
Appliances
Babies & Kids
Cars
Electronics
Health
Home & Garden
Money
A-Z Index
Magazine & Books
Current Issue
CR Digital Archive
5 Year Index
CR Store
More
Video
en Español
Report a Safety Problem
Give a Confidential News Tip
Buy a New Car
Buy a Used Car
Join
Donate
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
instagram
Pinterest
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Ad Choices
© 2020 Consumer Reports, Inc.