http://www.matertsv.org.au/page/patients-and-families/your-information/privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Read the latest information on COVID-19 Novel Coronavirus
Home
Patients and families
Back to
Your Information
Privacy policy
Share
Privacy policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We comply with the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988, acknowledging the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 and the Australian Privacy Principles as updated in March 2014.
Further information is available on our website or by contacting our Health Information Manager on (07) 4727 4337.
Privacy Statement
We acknowledge our obligations to you under the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.
Personal information collected about you will be used primarily to provide your healthcare, and for a limited number of purposes.
The use of your personal information for a limited number of purposes (e.g. to provide care ) does not require your consent. If we need to use the information for other purposes, we will ask for your consent.
Our Medical Records Privacy Policy is available at Reception and on the 'Your Medical Records' page of this website. Our Health Information Manager, who can be contacted by telephone through our main switchboard, is happy to answer any questions you may have concerning the policy.
To ensure the privacy of patients attending Mater Private Hospital Townsville is maintained in accordance with the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 and the 10 National Privacy Principles, we have developed a Privacy Policy.
Health information privacy and access
The Privacy Act incorporates the Australian Privacy Principles which set out requirements for the handling of personal and sensitive information, which includes health information (see definitions below). They govern information collection, storage and maintenance, and use and disclosure; as well as access by an individual to his/her information and openness about how it is managed by the institution.
Definitions
Personal information means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
Whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
Whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Sensitive information is a subset of personal information. It means information or an opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political organisation, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual preferences or practices, and criminal record or health information about an individual.
Health information is one kind of sensitive information and includes information or an opinion:
About an individual’s health or disability at any time (past, present or future).
About an individual’s expressed wishes regarding future health services.
About health services provided, or to be provided, to the individual.
Collected while providing a health service.
Collected in connection with the donation or intended donation of body parts and substances.
This means that personal details related to a patient’s attendance (e.g. name, address, Medicare number, billing information, admission/discharge dates), medical information, notes made by healthcare personnel, identifiable biological specimens or samples, or genetic information all constitute 'health information'.
Collection of information
Mater Private Hospital Townsville must:
Only collect health information necessary for its functions or activities.
Use fair and lawful ways, that are not unreasonably intrusive, to collect health information.
Collect health information directly from an individual if it is reasonable and practicable to do so (there is an exception where it is necessary to obtain an individual’s family, social or medical history, which may contain information relating to other persons).
Take reasonable steps, at the time of collecting health information, or as soon as practicable afterwards, to make an individual aware of why the information is being collected, who it may be disclosed to, and how it can be accessed (etc).
Take reasonable steps to ensure the individual is aware of the above points, even if the information is collected from someone else.
Only collect health information with the express or implied consent of the individual concerned, unless collection is required by law, or it is necessary to prevent a serious threat to the life or health of any person.
Information privacy policy
Mater Private Hospital Townsville provides patients (or any member of the public, on request) with its Information Privacy Policy, which outlines what personal information is held by the Hospital, and how it is used, stored, accessed or corrected.
Use and disclosure of information
Mater Private Hospital Townsville may use or disclose an individual’s health information where use or disclosure is:
For the primary purpose for which it was collected (e.g. the provision of medical care and treatment; Health Fund claims).
For a directly-related secondary purpose that would have been within the reasonable expectations of the patient at the time (e.g .quality improvement activities).
With the consent of the individual (see Consent to Use Information below).
Required or authorised by law.
Necessary to prevent serious and imminent threat to an individual or to public health.
Access to and correction of information
Patients have the right to access health information held about them, unless:
It would pose a serious threat to the life or health of any individual.
It would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others.
The request for access is frivolous or vexatious.
Denying access is required or authorised by law.
Access may be provided in a number of different ways. For example, the patient (or his/her authorised representative) may view and discuss their records with a health service provider and/or obtain a copy of the information or a summarised report.
Access requests or related queries should be directed to the Privacy Coordinator who can also provide the appropriate form (i.e. Request to Access a Patient Record).
Access requests must be processed within 30 days, and reasonable fees may be charged.
If a person requests a correction to their health information, the Hospital must either make the correction, where appropriate, or add a note to the records with details of the request. Requests for correction shall be directed to the Privacy Coordinator.
Storage and maintenance of information
Mater Private Hospital Townsville must take reasonable steps to:
Ensure that the health information it collects, uses or discloses is relevant, accurate, complete and up-to-date.
Protect the health information it holds from misuse and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Destroy or permanently de-identify health information when it is no longer needed or required to be kept.
Other information
Identifiers
Mater Private Hospital Townsville must not adopt Commonwealth identifiers, such as Medicare or DVA numbers, for its own identification systems (e.g. Hospital medical record number).
Transfer outside of Australia
Mater Private Hospital Townsville may only transfer a person’s health information overseas when:
The individual has given consent.
The transfer is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract between the individual and the Hospital.
Obligations are imposed on the external party requiring compliance with Australian Privacy.
Principles
It is believed that the information will be protected by a privacy scheme or legal provisions comparable to what exists in this country.
Enquiries and complaints
Requests from individuals to provide a copy of the Hospital’s Privacy Policy or any additional details they may need regarding its management of their health information.
Complaints by individuals who believe that the Hospital has breached their privacy. Any unresolved complaint is dealt with by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Privacy Coordinator
Privacy Office
25 Fulham Road, Pimlico
TOWNSVILLE QLD 4810
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Tel: 1300 363 992. If calling from outside Australia call: + 61 2 9284 9749.
If you are deaf, or have a hearing or speech impairment, contact is through the National Relay Service.
Teletypewriter (TTY) users phone 133 677 then ask for 1300 363 992.
Speak and Listen users phone 1300 555 727 then ask for 1300 363 992.
Internet relay users connect to the National Relay Service then ask for 1300 363 992.
If you do not speak English, or English is your second language, and you need assistance to communicate, call the Translating and Interpreting Service on 131 450 then ask for 1300 363 992.
Note: These calls can be made for a local call cost from fixed residential landlines anywhere in Australia. Calls from mobile and pay phones may incur higher charges.
Email
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Facsimile
+61 2 9284 9666
Post
Sydney Office
GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
Canberra Office
GPO Box 2999 Canberra ACT 2601
Web
http://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/making-a-privacy-complaint
Web Site Privacy - GDPR
The Mater Private Hospital Townsville website may have links to other websites from time to time. Once you go to another site you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Collection of information
When you access the Mater Private Hospital Townsville website, we may record your server address, domain name, the date and time of your visit, the pages viewed, the information downloaded and the frequency of visits.
Mater Private Hospital Townsville may also record information about the types of browsers that are being used to visit the site. Mater Private Hospital Townsville uses this information for website and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches, to assist the organisation in further development and to improve the functionality of the site.
Also in this section
Charter of health care rights
Patients' rights
Your medical records
Stay in touch
Name
Email
Required field
Subscribe
Close announcement