https://www.bounty.com/info/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Home>
Cookie Policy
See more
Cookie Policy
A quick guide to cookies on bounty.com
Share
back to Important Information
Cookie Policy
Bounty Partners
Customer Contact Centre
Bounty Privacy Policy
ICO - FAQ
The Bounty Promise
Cookie Policy
Customer Testimonials
JoyAtHomeShoot Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Back
Share
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of information that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit again. Bounty.com uses cookies and other analytics tools to give our Mums the best and most relevant online experience.
Cookies are stored within your browser and each one contains:
The name of the server the cookie was sent from
The lifetime of the cookie
A value – usually a randomly generated unique number.
How does Bounty use cookies?
We use cookies to enhance and personalise your experience on Bounty (Bounty.com and Bountyweb.co.uk) including:
authenticating you on the website;
remembering any preferences which you may set along with registration / account information;
to see and analyse which pages or content are most visited or vice versa, helping us to keep Bounty relevant and up to date;
to personalise the content and advertisements provided to you through Bounty.com;
and to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of advertisements and email communications.
Third party cookies served on bounty.com
Upon entering bounty.com you were served a consent management message asking if you accept cookies.
By accepting this you accept that to that 3rd party cookies will be placed on your browser to allow advertisers to serve relevant ads for you.
You can change your third party cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the privacy link on the bottom right hand corner.
Other third party cookies
Please be aware that advertisers and other third parties may use their own cookies tags when you click on an advertisement or link on our website. These third parties are responsible for setting out their own cookie and privacy policies.
We can't be responsible for the content of external websites.
How long do cookies stay on my computer or mobile device?
Session cookies – these only last until you close your browser. They are usually used to track the pages that you visit so that information can be customised for you for that particular visit. Session cookies generally make it possible to navigate through the website smoothly.
Persistent cookies – these are stored on your computer or mobile device until you delete them or they reach their expiry date. These may, for example, be used to remember your preferences when you use the site.
How do I disable cookies?
If you would prefer not to accept our cookies you can disable them at any time – click here to find out how. If you disable cookies many elements of this site will no longer work as they are intended to.
We also use the Google DoubleClick cookie to target our advertising more accurately. If you would like to opt out of use of the DoubleClick cookie you can do so at any time by visiting the Google opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement