https://www.additudemag.com/download/help-adhd-kids-make-friends/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD Parenting
Free Downloads
Free Friendship Guide for Kids with ADHD
Social skills don’t always come naturally to kids with ADHD. Parents can help kids make keep friends (and keep them) with the strategies in this free download from ADDitude.
By ADHD Editorial Board
Share Article Menu
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Print
Email
SMS
Save
14 Ways to Help Your Child With ADHD Make Friends
Set your child on the path to positive peer relationships with this download — plus get more expert information about parenting a child with ADHD via email.
Email Address
Get This Free Download!
We will not sell or rent your email address to any third party.
Read our privacy policy here.
Your son storms in. His bedroom door slams shut. He’s had another tough day — picked last in gym class, excluded from dodgeball, or laughed at behind his back. Maybe the older kids on the bus were teasing him again, or maybe no one said a word to him at all. Regardless, it hurts you almost as much as it hurts him — which is a lot.
The social challenges our kids face are heartbreaking — in no small part because we know they’re keeping so much hidden because they’re embarrassed or ashamed or tired of feeling vulnerable.
The fact of the matter is that children with attention deficit disorder (ADHD or ADD) are routinely alienated. Some struggle to decipher social cues. Others act much younger than their peers. And still others suffer because of their impulsivity — blurting out or interrupting without meaning to.
But parents can help their kids form lasting friendships with peers who will appreciate their greatest attributes and provide support when they need it most, using these strategies.
14 Ways to Help Your Child With ADHD Make Friends
Set your child on the path to positive peer relationships with this download — plus get more expert information about parenting a child with ADHD via email.
We will not sell or rent your email address to any third party.
Read our privacy policy here.
Jump to Comments
Share Article Menu
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Print
Email
SMS
Save
More Articles Recommended For You
Horse Power: Equine Therapy for ADHD
I Had No Safe Place. Can I Build One for My Son?
Is Your Child Worrying Too Much?
Is My Child’s Distress Normal? Or Do We Need Help?
Your Child Is Not Giving You a Hard Time. Your Child Is Having a Hard Time.
Which Behavior Therapy Works Best for Children with Autism?
The Heartbreak of Childhood Anxiety
How to Help a Child with Both ADHD and Mood Disorder
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Read These Next
“It Was The Illness Talking And Not My Loving Son.”
When a child with ADHD and bipolar disorder has said or done something hurtful, how do you keep the love and...
The Truth About Dyslexia in Children
Dyslexia in children is common, but commonly misunderstood. This learning disability includes symptoms like...
How to Treat the Symptoms of Dyslexia
Medication won’t diminish the symptoms of dyslexia, but various other treatments at school, at home, and in...
More Articles Recommended For You
The ADHD-Anger Connection: New Insights into Emotional Dysregulation
“My ADHD Looks Nothing Like Your ADHD”
Practical Strategies & Tools to Help Kids with Dysgraphia
Free Download
Get This Free Download!
Get this free download
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions