https://www.firecareers.com/customer-service/terms-and-conditions.php
Fire Careers
or Register Today!
Home
Employers Free Ad.
Jump Start Your Career
Subscribe
Testimonials
View Sample Jobs
Incentive Program / Refer a Friend
Schools & Academies
Firefighter Links
My FireCareers
Log In
FCBlog
2010 Archive
Bob Atlas
Craig Freeman
Curt Cozad
Dr. Jen Milus
Josh Sauberman
Paul Card
Paul Lepore
Steve Prziborowski
Traycee Biancamano
Community
Bulletin Board
Members' Pictures
Patches
About FC
Our Story
Support
Contact Us
Return to Work Program
Terms and Conditions
FAQ
FireCareers Terms of Usage
These are the Terms and Conditions under which you may make use of
Perfect Firefighter Candidate and the Firecareers.com website. Please
read these Terms and Conditions carefully. If you do not accept the
Terms and Conditions written here, do not use the Firecareers.com
website and/or Perfect Firefighter Candidate service. By using the
Firecareers.com website, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound
by these Terms and Conditions. Perfect Firefighter Candidate and the
Firecareers.com website (collectively, the "Company") may revise these
Terms and Conditions at any time by posting an update on the
Firecareers.com website. You should review the Terms and Conditions
periodically, because they are binding on you. The terms "You" and
"User" as used herein refer to all entities and/or individuals accessing
the Firecareers.com website for any reason.
Subscription and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of
your subscription, whether or not authorized by You. You agree to
immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your
subscription or password.
Use of Firecareers.com Content
The Company authorizes You to view and access a single copy
of the content available on or from the Firecareers.com website solely
for your personal, noncommercial use.
The contents of the Firecareers.com website, whether partial
or otherwise, such as text, images, graphics, button icons, logos,
software and other Firecareers.com content (collectively,
"Firecareers.com Content"), are protected under both United States and
foreign copyright, trademark, service-mark and other laws. All
Firecareers.com Content is the property of the Company and/or its
clients and/or content suppliers. The compilation (meaning the
arrangement, assembly and collection) of all content on the
Firecareers.com website is the exclusive property of the Company and
protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Unauthorized use of
Firecareers.com Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other
laws. You must maintain all copyright, trademark, service-mark and other
proprietary notices contained in the original Firecareers.com Content
on any copy You make of Firecareers.com Content. You may not sell or
modify Firecareers.com Content or display, reproduce, distribute,
publicly perform, or otherwise use Firecareers.com Content in any way
for any commercial or public purpose. The use of Firecareers.com Content
in a networked computer environment or on any other web site for any
purpose is prohibited.
You shall not adapt or copy the HTML code that the Company
creates to generate any Firecareers.com Content or the pages making up
the Firecareers.com website. The Company's HTML code is also protected
by the Company's copyright.
Acceptable Use of the Firecareers.com Website
Users may not use the Firecareers.com website in order to
distribute, transmit, store or destroy material, including without
limitation Firecareers.com Content, (1) in a manner that will infringe
the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property
rights of others or violate the publicity, privacy or other personal
rights of others, (2) in violation of any applicable regulation or law,
or (3) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful.
Firecareers.com Website Security Rules
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate
the security of the Firecareers.com website, including, without
limitation, (1) attempting to scan, test or probe the vulnerability of a
network or system or to breach authentication or security measures
without express authorization, (2) accessing data not intended for such
user or logging into a account or server that the user is not authorized
to access, (3) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the
header information in any email, Firecareers Bulletin Board, Firehouse
Recipes, Firehouse Stories, patch trading or Firecareers Chat posting,
or (4) attempting to interfere with service to any host, network or
user, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to
the Firecareers.com website, "mailbombing," "flooding," overloading,
"crashing," or "spamming." Violations of network or system security may
result in civil and/or criminal liability. The Company investigates such
occurrences and does involve, and cooperates with, law enforcement
authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in criminal
violations.
Specific Prohibited Uses
The Firecareers.com website may be used only for lawful
purposes by individuals seeking fire service career information and
employment and by fire service employers seeking employees. The Company
specifically prohibits any use of the Firecareers.com website, and all
users agree not to use the Firecareers.com website, for any of the
following:
Sending unsolicited communications of any type including,
without limitation, mail, email, telephone calls, or faxes, regarding
advertising or promotion of services or products to a user of the
Firecareers.com website.
Deleting, editing, or revising any material posted by any other person or entity.
Taking any action which imposes a disproportionately
large or unreasonable burden or load on the Firecareers.com website's
infrastructure.
Using any software, routine or device to attempt to
interfere or interfere with the ordinary function of the Firecareers.com
website or any activity being conducted thereon.
If You have a password allowing access to any non-public
area of the Firecareers.com website, sharing with or disclosing your
password to any other person or entity, or using your password for any
unauthorized purpose.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
these Terms and Conditions of Use, using or attempting to use any
software, agent, engine, tool or other mechanism or device (including
without limitation spiders, robots, avatars, browsers or intelligent
agents) to search or navigate the Firecareers.com website other than the
search agents and search engine available from the Company on the
Firecareers.com website and other than generally available third party
web browsers (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator).
Copying, aggregating or duplicating in any manner any
Firecareers.com Content or any information available from the
Firecareers.com website.
Attempting to decompile, disassemble, decipher or reverse
engineer any of the software in any way making up or comprising a part
of the Firecareers.com website.
Linking to or framing of any of Firecareers.com Content or information available from the Firecareers.com website.
User Information
When You register for the Firecareers.com website, You will
be asked to provide the Company with certain information including,
without limitation, a valid email address (your "Information"). In
addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any
privacy policy on the Firecareers.com website, You understand and agree
that the Company may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis,
certain summative information contained in your subscription
application. The Company will not disclose to any third party your name,
address, telephone number or email address without your prior consent,
except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable
laws or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. The
Company reserves the right to offer third party services and products to
You based on the information that You provide in your registration and
at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by the Company or by
third parties. Please see the Company's Privacy Policy for further
details regarding your Information.
User Account Management/Refund Policy
All subscriptions are the responsibility of the subscriber
and should be managed at the subscribers "My Account" screen. To avoid
unwanted charges it is the sole responsibility of the subscriber to
cancel their subscription before the billing cycle. Month to month
subscriptions are billed every 28 days at a rate of $9.95 US. Pre-paid 6
month and 1 year Subscriptions are billed at $55.00 & $110.00 US.
If it is more convenient to call, please contact us at:
1-800-326-8401 and a customer service representative will be able to
assist you.
Refunds for month to month subscriptions will no longer be
available after June 8, 2009. Pre-paid subscriptions will be subject to a
$25.00 US service charge.
User Submissions
As a user, You are responsible for your own communications
and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. You must not,
and by using the Firecareers.com website You agree not to, do the
following things: post material that is obscene, defamatory,
threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another
user or any other person or entity; post material that is off-topic on
topic-specific subjects in the Firecareers Bulletin Board or while using
the Community Sections of the Firecareers.com website; post a sexually
explicit statement or image; post solicitations or advertisements of
business without prior express authorization from the Company; post
pyramid schemes or chain letters; impersonate another person; post
material that reveals trade secrets, unless You own them or have the
permission of the owner; post material that is copyrighted, unless You
are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to
post it; post material that infringes on any other intellectual
property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of
others; or post material that contains viruses, worms, time bombs,
cancelbots, Trojan horses, or other computer programming engines, macros
or routines that are conceived, designed or intended to detrimentally
interfere with, damage, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any
information, data, or system. Any hyperlinks, "hidden" keywords or any
keywords that are irrelevant to the posting or are otherwise misleading
contained in a posting are prohibited.
The Company does not represent, warrant or guarantee the
accuracy, truthfulness, validity or reliability of communications posted
by users and does not endorse any opinions expressed by users. You
agree that any reliance on material posted by users of the
Firecareers.com website is at your own risk.
The Firecareers Bulletin Board, Firecareers Chat, Firehouse
Recipes, Firehouse Stories, and Patch Trading sections (collectively,
the "Community Sections") of the Firecareers.com website acts as a
passive conduit for the online publication and distribution of
user-submitted information. As such, the Company assumes no obligation
to screen information or communications in advance and is not
responsible for monitoring, screening or editing material posted by
users. If notified by a user of a communication that allegedly does not
conform to these Terms and Conditions, the Company may investigate the
allegation and determine in good faith and in its sole discretion
whether to remove or request the removal of the particular
communication. However, the Company assumes no responsibility or
liability to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities.
The Company reserves the right to expel users or subscribers and
prevent further access by them to the Firecareers.com website or the
Perfect Firefighter Candidate service for violating these Terms and
Conditions or any law. The Company reserves the right to edit or remove
communications which it deems, in its sole discretion, are illegal,
abusive, disruptive, or are in violation of these Terms and Conditions.
The Company may take any action with respect to user-submitted
information that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole
discretion if it believes it may create liability for the Company or its
customers, users, or subscribers, or may cause the Company to lose (in
whole or in part) the services of its Internet Service Provider or other
vendors or suppliers, or is in any way potentially injurious to the
Company.
By submitting content to any public or non-public area of
the Firecareers.com website, including without limitation the Community
Sections, You grant the Company and its affiliates the perpetual,
royalty-free, irrevocable, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers),
non-exclusive license and right (including any moral right) to publish,
reproduce, use, distribute, communicate to the public, adapt, translate,
modify, create derivative works from, display and perform the content
(in whole or in part) worldwide and to incorporate it in other works in
any media, form, or technology now known or later developed, for the
full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You also warrant
that the holder of any rights, including moral rights in such content,
has completely and effectively waived all such rights and validly and
irrevocably granted to You the right to grant the license stated above.
You also permit any subscriber to access, view, display, store and
reproduce such content for personal use. Subject to the foregoing, the
owner of such content placed on the Firecareers.com website retains any
and all rights that may exist in such content.
We appreciate hearing from our customers and welcome your
comments regarding our products, services and the Firecareers.com
website. However, our policy prohibits us from considering or accepting
creative ideas, suggestions, materials or inventions other than those
that we may specifically request. While we do value your feedback on our
services, please be specific in your comments regarding our services
and do not submit creative ideas, suggestions, materials or inventions.
If, despite this request, You send us creative ideas, suggestions,
materials, inventions, drawings, concepts, or other information
(collectively the "Submission"), the Submission shall be the property of
the Company. None of the Submission shall be subject to any obligation
of confidence on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or
disclosure of any Submission. The Company shall own exclusively all now
known or later discovered rights to the Submission and shall be entitled
to unrestricted use of the Submission for any purpose whatsoever,
commercial or otherwise, without compensation to You or any other person
who submitted the Submission.
Identity of Agent to Receive Copyright Infringement Claims
We have designated Craig Freeman as our agent to receive
notices of claims of copyright infringement on our web site. You can
contact Mr. Freeman as follows:
By mail:
Craig Freeman
FireCareers
1129 Maricopa Hwy. #104
Ojai, CA 93023
By telephone:
1-800-326-8401
By email:
info@Firecareers.com
Elements of Copyright Infringement Claim
If You believe that your copyrighted work has been uploaded,
posted or copied to Firecareers.com and is accessible on
Firecareers.com in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please
notify our copyright infringement claim agent by providing the agent
with all of the following information:
The physical or electronic signature of either the copyright owner or of a person authorized to act on the owner's behalf;
A description of the copyrighted work You claim has been
infringed, and a description of the activity that You claim to be
infringing;
Identification of the URL or other specific location on
the Firecareers.com website where the activity or material You claim to
be infringing is occurring or is located (You must include enough
information to allow us to locate the material or the activity);
Your name, address, telephone number and, if You have one, your email address;
A written statement by You of Your good faith belief that
use on the Firecareers.com website of the copyrighted work in the manner
You are complaining of is not authorized by the copyright owner, any
agent of the copyright owner, or the law; and
A written statement by You, signed by you under penalty of
perjury under the laws of the State of California, that the information
You have provided in your notice is accurate and that You are either
the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright
owner.
Termination of Subscribers and Users Who Repeatedly Infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of Others
The Company respects the intellectual property of others and
we ask our users and subscribers to do the same. The unauthorized
copying, reproduction, distribution, modification, public display or
public performance of copyrighted works constitutes infringement of the
copyright owners' rights. As a condition to your use of the
Firecareers.com website and the Perfect Firefighter Candidate service,
You agree not to use the Firecareers.com website or any Perfect
Firefighter Candidate service or product to infringe the intellectual
property rights of the Company or others in any way. We will terminate
the accounts of any users or subscribers, and block access to the
Firecareers.com website and/or the Perfect Firefighter Candidate
service, who are repeat infringers of the copyrights, or other
intellectual property rights, of others. We reserve the right to take
these actions at any time, in our sole discretion, with or without
notice, and without any liability to the user or subscriber who is
terminated or to the user or subscriber whose access is blocked.
The Company's Liability
Firecareers.com Content may contain typographical errors or
inaccuracies. The Company makes no representations about the accuracy,
reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Perfect Firefighter
Candidate service, the Firecareers.com website or Firecareers.com
Content. The use of the Perfect Firefighter Candidate service and the
Firecareers.com website is at your own risk. Changes are periodically
made to the Firecareers.com website and may be made at any time.
The Company is under no legal obligation to, and ordinarily
does not, control the information provided by other users or subscribers
that is made available through the Community Sections of the
Firecareers.com website. Information posted by users or subscribers may
be harmful, offensive, untimely, unreliable, untruthful or inaccurate,
and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled.
We expect that You will use caution and common sense when
using the Firecareers.com website and/or the Perfect Firefighter
Candidate service.
The Company is not to be considered to be an employer with
respect to your use of the Firecareers.com website and the Company shall
not be responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reason or
reasons made, made by any person or entity posting jobs, career
information, or training opportunities on the Firecareers.com website.
THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY THE FIRECAREERS.COM
WEBSITE WILL OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR OR THAT THE FIRECAREERS.COM WEBSITE
AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS.
IF YOUR USE OF THE FIRECAREERS.COM WEBSITE OR FIRECAREERS.COM CONTENT
RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR REPLACING OR SERVICING DATA OR EQUIPMENT, THE
COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE FIRECAREERS.COM WEBSITE
AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND. THE COMPANY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY,
COMPLETNESS, RELIABILITY, OR TIMELINESS OF THE FIRECAREERS.COM WEBSITE,
FIRECAREERS.COM CONTENT, THE PERFECT FIREFIGHTER CANDIDATE SERVICE
SERVICES, AND ITS SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS VENDORS, SUPPLIERS OR
PARTNERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE FIRECAREERS.COM WEBSITE
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING
FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PERFECT FIREFIGHTER CANDIDATE SERVICE, THE
FIRECAREERS.COM WEBSITE AND FIRECAREERS.COM CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON
WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT
THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF, FORESAW, OR CONTEMPLATED THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.
Links to Other Sites
The Firecareers.com website contains links to third party
websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to You and
not as an endorsement by the Company of the contents on such third-party
websites. The Company is not responsible for the content of linked
third-party websites and does not make any representations regarding the
accuracy or content of materials on such third party websites. If You
choose to access linked third party websites, You do so at your own
risk.
Training Provider Advertisements
The Company periodically advertises the services of
education or training providers. Unfortunately, from time to time
education or training classes are changed or cancelled due to a variety
of reasons, such as under-enrolment, instructor shortages, or logistical
problems. While Perfect Firefighter Candidate may attempt to assist You
in contacting a training service provider directly, class changes and
cancellations are not within the Company's control. Accordingly, the
Comapny is not responsible for any loss, expense, liability, damage or
other cost or problem that You may incur or caused directly or
indirectly by any class, the instruction received therein, your class
being cancelled, or as a result of, or any change in, the subject
matter, time or location of the class, or change in the facilities,
instructor or equipment used in the class.
In addition, without limiting any of the other disclaimers
of warranty set forth in these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Company
does not provide or make any undertaking as to the nature or quality of
any of the services or products purchased through the Firecareers.com
website, or any other representation, warranty or guaranty. Any such
representation, undertaking, guaranty or warranty would be furnished
solely by the provider of the applicable class, or learning material,
service or product, under the terms agreed to by and with the provider.
No Resale or Unauthorized Commercial Use
You agree not to resell or assign your rights or obligations
under these Terms and Conditions of Use. You also agree not to make any
unauthorized commercial use of the Firecareers.com website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PERFECT FIREFIGHTER CANDIDATE'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PERFECT FIREFIGHTER CANDIDATE SITE OR
YOUR USE OF FIRECAREERS.COM CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION
(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE), WILL NOT
EXCEED $100.
Termination
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to deletion
of your postings from Firecareers.com and the other Perfect Firefighter
Candidate Sites and immediate termination of your registration with or
ability to access Firecareers.com and the other Perfect Firefighter
Candidate Sites and/or any other service provided to You by the Company,
upon any breach by You of these Terms and Conditions or if the Company
is unable to verify or authenticate any information You submit to the
Web Site or other Perfect Firefighter Candidate Site registration.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the
Company, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against
any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable
legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) any material
You provide to a Perfect Firefighter Candidate Site, (ii) any
Firecareers.com Content that You use or (iii) your breach of the terms
of these Terms and Conditions. The Company shall provide notice to You
promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist You, at
your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
General
The Company makes no claims that Firecareers.com Content may
be lawfully viewed or accessed outside of the United States. Access to
Firecareers.com Content may not be legal by certain persons or in
certain countries. If You access the Web Site from outside of the United
States, You do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance
with the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms and conditions are
governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California,
without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any
claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively with the
state or federal courts within Ventura County, California. If any
provision of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid by any
court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision
shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms
and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver
of any term of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or
continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly
provided in additional terms of use for areas of the Web Site, a
particular "Legal Notice," or Software License or material on particular
Web pages, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement
between You and the Company with respect to the use of Web Site. No
changes to these Terms and Conditions shall be made except by a revised
posting on this page.
Additional Terms of Use
Certain areas of the Firecareers.com website may be subject
to additional terms of use. By accessing or using such areas, or any
part thereof, You agree to be bound by the additional terms of use
applicable to such areas.
Customer Service
Contact Us
Return to Work Program
Terms and Conditions
FAQ
FireCareers.com
1129 Maricopa Hwy. #104
Ojai, CA 93023
P: 1-800-326-8401 F: 1-866-244-6416
Email: info@Firecareers.com
FireCareers News
03 Nov - 28 Amazing Gifts For the Firefighter FamilyWe’ve been keeping track of firefighter product sales through all of 2020, and we put together a list of this year’s highest rated fire items.
It’s expensive to sell retail this seas ... more24 Jul - Welcome FireRecruit Members
Welcome members of FireRecruit.com, as of August 1, 2020 your membership is being taken over by FireCareers.com
You will continue to receive uninterrupted service as your membership
... more
Home
Jump Start Your Career
My FireCareers
FC Blog
FC Community
About FC
Support
Sitemap
© 2012-2020 FireCareers.com
1129 Maricopa Hwy. #104
Ojai, CA 93023
P: 1-800-326-8401 F: 1-866-244-6416
Email: info@Firecareers.com