https://www.anewspirit.com/terms-and-conditions/
Menu
Floatation   —   Before You Float   —   Floating Mind   —   How it Works   —   Who and How Often   —   Float Notes   —   Epsom SaltDenver Spa Services   —   Salt Cabin   —   Spa Parties   —   Massage   —   Couples Packages   —   Body Treatments   —   Skincare   —   Acupuncture   —   Detox   —   Infrared Sauna   —   Express Menu   —   Denver Spa Packages   —   Denver Isagenix   —   Oxygen BarSpa SpecialsBlogContact Us   —   About Us     —   Virtual Tour     —   Customer Service     —   Reviews and Testimonials     —   Products     —   In the News     —   Spa Photo Gallery   —   DIRECTIONS
Social Link
FacebookTwitterPinterestInstagramyoutube
© anewspirit.com 2018. All Rights Reserved.Website Design by Talklaunch.netTerms and Conditions
Floatation
Before You Float
Floating Mind
How it Works
Who and How Often
Float Notes
Epsom Salt
Denver Spa Services
Salt Cabin
Spa Parties
Massage
Couples Packages
Body Treatments
Skincare
Acupuncture
Detox
Infrared Sauna
Express Menu
Denver Spa Packages
Denver Isagenix
Oxygen Bar
Spa Specials
Blog
Contact Us
About Us
Virtual Tour
Customer Service
Reviews and Testimonials
Products
In the News
Spa Photo Gallery
DIRECTIONS
A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing the web site at https://anewspirit.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s web site are provided “as is”. A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s Internet site, even if A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa or a A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s web site shall be governed by the laws of Colorado without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, and it is A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at A New Spirit Wellness Center & Spa’s sole discretion.
ADDRESS 4840 W. 29th Ave.
Denver, CO 80212
(303) 477-1652
Sitemap
FLOATATION Before You Float
Float Notes
How it Works
SPA SPECIALS Gift Certificates
Couples Packages
Spa Packages
SPA HOURS Monday & Tuesday: 10am - 8pm
Wed, Thurs & Sunday: 11am - 6pm
Friday & Saturday: 9 am - 6pm
© anewspirit.com 2018. All Rights Reserved.Website Design by Talklaunch.netTerms and Conditions
Again I thank you for your long standing patronage and support of A New Spirit. We have been very blessed to serve our community and help you with your health and well being for the past 20 years. I, Andrea Leigh am writing to let you know that A New Spirit is going to remain closed in it’s current incarnation. I, as the individual who has single handedly grown this wonderful place from nothing over the past 20 years to what it was at the time of Covid 19 have decided it a good time to step away. It has been a time for me personally to realize that I am completely worn out and have nothing left to give as a human. I have become a shell. I no longer give the personalized care that I used to give with passion and vigor to our tiny little spa because of the growth and needs of our current location and population. These things all being good things, but left me doing paperwork, payroll, HR, advertising, websites, emails and all the things I do NOT enjoy. It has worn me out and worn me down as a person. At this 50th year on this planet it is time to pass this beauty on to new Ownership/Management with young hearts, minds and bodies to continue creatively to create a new future for A New Spirit. That being said, A New Spirit is For Sale currently as well as the property. I am open to all creative input and am willing to entertain creative offers. I plan to include past gift certificate sales and punchcards into the sales costs so that everyone will be taken care of when things change. Our website was very clear about our refund policy and there were no refunds to be issued on purchases. Our software was discontinued with Mindbody as it is very expensive, but we did back up all pertinent information. WE do NOT have any credit card information on file any longer for everyone’s personal safety.
I love you all and appreciate your support, kindness, and patience during this time. The information that follows is for inquiries into the sale of 4840 W. 29th Avenue and A New Spirit Wellness Center.
×