http://www.ireflexology.com/terms-of-use/
Home
Coronavirus: What can Reflexologists do?
Where to Buy Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)?
Sample Pre-Screening Form—COVID-19
Course Info
Foot Reflexology Certification
Continuing Education
Reviews
Send a Message
FAQ
About Us
Lauren Slade
Jack Marriott
TERMS OF USE
IMPORTANT : Please read this Terms of Use Agreement Before uploading on Website.
Effective Date: This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on January, 2009.
Access To This Site
YOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE FOR ANY REASON. DUE TO THE AGE RESTRICTIONS FOR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THIS WEB SITE, FALLS WITHIN THE CHILD ONLINE PRIVACY ACT (COPA) AND IS NOT MONITORED AS DOING SO.
To access this site or some of the resources it has to offer, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of this site that all the information you provide on this site will be correct, current, and complete. If our Company believes the information you provide is not correct, current, or complete, we have the right to refuse you access to this site or any of its resources, and to terminate or suspend your access at any time, without notice.
General
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Universal College of Reflexology online service. By using the Universal College of Reflexology’s www.iReflexology.com website you (the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at the Universal College of Reflexology’s www.iReflexology.com website. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
1. Disclaimer of Warranties
Your use of this site is at your own risk. The site is provided by the Universal College of Reflexology on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Universal College of Reflexology makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. The Universal College of Reflexology shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. The Universal College of Reflexology disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
2. Limitation of Liability
THE UNIVERSAL COLLEGE OF REFLEXOLOGY SHALL NOT be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular the Universal College of Reflexology shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if the Universal College of Reflexology has been advised of the possibility of such damages. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
3. Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold the Universal College of Reflexology, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
4. Modifications and Interruption to Service
The Universal College of Reflexology reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member. The Universal College of Reflexology shall not be liable to Member or any third party should the Universal College of Reflexology exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that the Universal College of Reflexology does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
5. Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
6. Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources. While the Universal College of Reflexology makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
The Universal College of Reflexology makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
7. Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts
Our website is operated and provided in the Province of Alberta. As such, we are subject to the laws of the Province of Alberta, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the Province of Alberta.
8. Compliance with Laws
Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
9. Copyright and Trademark Information
Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of the Universal College of Reflexology is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of the Universal College of Reflexology
All other trademarks displayed on the Universal College of Reflexology’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with Universal College of Reflexology.
10. Botnets
The Universal College of Reflexology retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, the Universal College of Reflexology reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.
11. Miscellaneous
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Universal College of Reflexology, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition. This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member. Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement [if applicable].
BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE UNIVERSAL COLLEGE OF REFLEXOLOGY FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE UNIVERSAL COLLEGE OF REFLEXOLOGY DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER THE UNIVERSAL COLLEGE OF REFLEXOLOGY OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.