https://www.vallecitos.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Vallecitos Mountain Retreat Center
Privacy Policy
Last updated December 7, 2016
The Vallecitos Mountain Retreat Center Site is owned by Vallecitos Mountain Refuge, a 501(c)3, tax exempt, non-profit organization (“VMRC”). At VMRC, we respect the privacy of our users and the importance of the information they entrust to us. With this in mind, we provide you this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to help you understand the kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit the Site, how we may use and disclose the information, and how you can control, correct and/or update the information. By visiting the VMRC Site, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy. Each time you visit the VMRC website, you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.
Information We May Collect
We may collect information that can identify you (“personal information”), such as your name, email address, age, professional profile, comments, photographs, video submissions or likeness when you provide it to us when using our website (e.g., by creating a user login on our site), or in some other manner, e.g., by posting or submitting it to our website, to Facebook using our website, or to our Facebook page. We may also collect information from (i) from our business partners, and, (ii) from other third parties as we further describe in this Policy. In addition to this information, we may also automatically collect information from your Facebook friends when they reply to Facebook comments you have uploaded to our site (e.g., their name, comment and photo). We may combine the personal information that we receive from different sources.
We also may collect other types of information in the following ways when you visit our VMRC website:
Our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users’ movements around our site and understand trends.
We may assign your computer one or more cookies which may collect information to facilitate access to our website and to personalize your online experience.
We may use standard Internet tools, such web beacons, which collect information that tracks your use of our website and enables us to customize our services and advertisements.
We use third party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to collect and analyze certain user information and behavior. This information may include demographic and interest information, such as age, gender and users interests. We use this information for internal business purposes on an aggregated, anonymous basis. To opt-out of Google Analytics data collection, you can visit the following site and follow the opt-out procedures: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
We may also collect certain information, such as the URL of the last web page you visited before coming to our Site, your preferences and settings (e.g., time zone), the ads you clicked on or viewed on our Site (if any), how long you stayed on our Site and what services and features you used.
Protection of Children’s Information
For purposes of use of this Site, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Should we ever do so, we will comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Information Others May Collect
We may allow third-party advertising companies and ad networks, including content recommendation engines, to display advertisements on our VMRC website or related applications, and to track user activity on our Site for the purpose of determining what ads to display. These companies may also use information collected on our Site in order to better serve ads (ad retargeting).
We do not provide any personal information to these companies.
These companies may use tracking tools, such as cookies, to collect information about computers and browsing activity to determine which advertisements to display to users.
Some of these companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers consumers the ability to opt out of ad targeting by all member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).
These advertisers, advertising networks, and behavioral targeting companies sometimes collect information that tracks your use of our Site in order to measure ad performance, track which ads you clicked on and display ads targeted specifically to you, including displaying ads after your leave our Site on other third party sites that are within their ad network.
If you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our website, please note that we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide. We encourage you to use caution in posting personal information.
How We May Use Information We Collect
We may use information to:
Provide our products and services and improve and customize services;
Send newsletters to our users and make special offers;
Offer products and services that may be of interest to you;
Process payment for products or services you order via our website;
Customize the advertising and content that you see on our website;
Facilitate use of our website;
Publicly display feedback and comments posted by you on our properties (e.g., use your name, photograph, video submissions and comments when you post feedback on our site or to Facebook);
Display information about your friends (e.g., their name, photograph and comments) that is automatically uploaded when they comment on Facebook messages that you post to our site;
Manage your account and your preferences;
Analyze use of and improve our website, products and services;
Identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our website; and
Enforce our Terms of Use.
With Whom We May Share Information We Collect
We will not share your personal information with others except as indicated below, or except when we inform you in advance and give you the opportunity to opt out. We may share personal information with:
Service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf;
Other businesses with which we partner or which we carefully select to offer you products, services, and promotions through our website or offline; and
Other third parties in limited circumstances, such as reporting suspected criminal activity, complying with legal requirements, preventing fraud, and protecting the safety of our users.
We may share aggregated, anonymous information in any of the above situations and also with service providers, advertisers and others for our own marketing purposes and for purposes of improving the manner in which, and to whom, we offer our services.
Your Choices
You may choose:
Not to provide personal information, although that may result in your inability to obtain certain services or use certain features of our website;
To stop receiving promotional emails or newsletters from us by sending an email to refuge@vallecitos.org;
To delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings, although if you do so, some of the features or services of our website may not function properly;
To review and update your personal information by contacting us at the email address below or, if you have an online account on our website, by logging into that account.
You may opt-out of any Google Analytics-related collection by visiting the following site and following the opt-out procedures: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Security & PCI Compliance
We take appropriate commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
PCI is a worldwide security standard assembled by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC). Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) are network security and business practice guidelines adopted by Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Card, and JCB to establish a minimum security standard to protect customer’s payment card information. It’s a requirement for all merchants that store, transmit, or process payment card information. This Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the material and information under our control and adheres to international PCI compliance standards for data security
Third-Party Links
The VMRC website may link to websites operated by third parties that we do not control. We do not monitor, control, or endorse the information collection or privacy practices of any third parties. This Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the VMRC website or services and does not apply to third-party websites. The ability to access information of third parties from the VMRC website or services, or links to other websites or locations, is for your convenience only and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties, their products, services, websites, locations, or their content.
Privacy Policy Changes
VMRC reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time and without prior notice, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we advise you otherwise. However, we will not use your Personal Information in a way that is materially different than the uses described in this Policy without giving you an opportunity to opt out of such differing uses. Your continued use of the VMRC website or services after this Policy has been amended shall be deemed to be your continued acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Policy, as amended.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, or our information practices, please contact us by email or postal mail below:
refuge@vallecitos.org
Jessica Denison, Director
P.O. BOX 4051
Durango, CO 81302
USA
Krys Kornmeier
...The view of the Aspen trees outside my casita, the cool silent mornings of meditation, the warmth of the lodge, and the exquisite majesty of the land created a gentle but powerful impression... in one short visit I have come to treasure Vallecitos.
Mark Coleman
...Vallecitos has always been one of my spiritual homes. It is a place where I have learned so much about the refuge of wilderness. It is where I have discovered so much about my own nature, from the wildness of nature there. Not only is it exquisitely beautiful and pristine, it is also profoundly serene and a place of deep renewal. I feel so blessed to have been able to visit every year for the past twenty years. I am eternally grateful for that land.
...I came to Vallecitos for a retreat years ago and fell in love with it.  Now as a volunteer and yogi I try to come back every summer to soak up the stunning landscapes as well as the rich dharma.  This place truly calls me home.
Debra Susan Abbot
...I had a tremendous experience at Vallecitos, which is one of the most rewarding and positive things I’ve done within my lifetime. I have incorporated many of the things I learned into my daily life, and it has been very healthy for me. I had to experience loving kindness, sympathetic joy and generosity to understand the full power and grace of these profound feelings and actions.
...17 years ago, I received an invitation to sit for 10 days of silence at Vallecitos.  I accepted the invitation with no idea of the lasting impact the retreat would have on me.  Over the years, the annual pilgrimage has provided me with tools to sustain and deepen my ongoing mediation practice. Sweeping fields of wildflowers, star-dotted nights, and bubbling streams provide a unique opportunity to directly experience interconnectedness.   This gentle, wild setting is a profound environment to recharge mind, spirit, and body.
Mushim Ikeda
...I was teaching at Vallecitos one year in August, during the meteor showers. Our sensitivity heightened by hours of silent meditation, we would stand outside at night and watch trails of light cross the vast dark sky, signs from what I call the Greater Reality. Unforgettable.
Jane Cronlund
...Since the retreat, my pace of personal breakthroughs has quickened and old dynamics seem to be changing in positive ways. I am better able to deal with previously tense situations and successfully resolve them. I have increased feelings of peace. Thank you!
Cristina Mormorunni
...I am so much more aware of the path I want to be on and the power of the sacred in my life.
Katie Gall
...Vallecitos has truly become a home to me. Working with such great teachers and mentors is an honor and being able to absorb all the knowledge and blessings that flow through the gorgeous land has shaped my soul and nourished my mind. It really is a magical place that I am forever grateful for.
Swati Prakash
...The time and the space to reflect and cultivate inner calm were so valuable. This was a very healing experience for me. It also started me on the practice of meditating. I meditate every day now, just for 10 minutes, but it makes a huge difference in my everyday life and with work.
Khalil Hassan
...I cannot express in words alone how important the retreat was for me. One of the most valuable lessons I learned is the importance of listening to my inner self. Vallecitos provided the necessary environment that makes it impossible not to go inward. When I returned home, I hit the ground running, but with a more focused direction. I attribute that to my stay at Vallecitos.
Next
CONTACT US
REGISTER NOW