http://www.bermanmd.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Patient Login
Search
Click here to Book Now
Bill Pay
Shop
Patient Login
Search
Bill Pay
Shop
Book Now
Home
Your Concerns
Anti Aging – Wrinkled SkinAcneAcne ScarsAging & Lax Face and NeckAging EyelidsAging HandsAnti-Aging Skin Care ProductsBlue Under Eye VeinsBody ContouringBrazilian Butt LiftBreast Augmentation EnhancementBreast ReductionBroken Capillaries (Blood Vessels)Brown & Age Spots
Brown BirthmarksBrown Liver SpotsChin EnhancementCrow’s FeetDaddy MakeoverDark Under Eye CirclesDouble ChinEczemaExcessive SweatingExcess Body FatEyelash EnhancementEyelids DroopingFacial Volume LossFat NeckForehead Lines
Frown LinesHair LossHair RestorationHair – UnwantedJowls / Marionette LinesJowls or Weak ChinLarge Earring HoleLarge PoresLoose SkinLove Handles – Belly FatMolesMommy MakeoverNeck SkinNose Reshaping (Rhinoplasty)Psoriasis
Red BirthmarksRosaceaScarSkin CancerSpider VeinsSun Damaged SkinTattoo RemovalThinning LipsUnwanted HairVaricose VeinsVitiligoVolume Loss of FaceWrinkles and Lax Skin
Skin Cancer & Disorders
Before & After | Testimonials
Patient Testimonials
Treatment Videos
Before & After Results
Locations
SF Bay Area Locations
Sacramento Valley Locations
Cameron Park
Fremont
Los Altos
Palo Alto
Placerville
Pleasanton
Roseville
San Francisco
Tracy
Walnut Creek
Yuba City
About
Meet Our Providers
Locations
Careers
News
Ask a Question
Tell a Friend
For Dermatologists
Resources
Patient Financing
Insurance Information
Medical Organizations
FAQs
Newsletter Signup
Bill Pay
Patient Login
Search
Search for:
Click Here to Book Online
Privacy Policy
For non-healthcare professionals:This site and all content on it are for general informational purposes only and are not intended to be specific medical advice, opinion, diagnosis or treatment as applied to your particular condition or situation. Please do not use or rely on this site as a substitute for the expertise and judgment of your physician, pharmacist or other healthcare professional. For medical advice or treatment for your particular situation, consult your appropriate health care professional.
Certain material on this site is posted or provided by others, and not by Berman Skin Institute. We make no representations about quality, accuracy, legality or usefulness of such information or the results that may be obtained from it. You are solely responsible for your use of this site and the content available on or through it.
For healthcare professionals:This site and all content on it are for general informational purposes only and are not intended to be specific medical advice, opinion, diagnosis or treatment as applied to any particular patient’s condition or situation. As a health care provider, you should use your own professional judgment in evaluating the information provided and rendering any medical opinion or advice.
Certain material on this site is posted or provided by others, and not by Berman Skin Institute. We make no representations about quality, accuracy, legality or usefulness of such information or the results that may be obtained from it. You are solely responsible for your use of this site and the content available on or through it.
Privacy PolicyAt Berman Skin Institute, we take the issue of your personal privacy very seriously. We pledge to never make available to any third party your personal, private, medical, and/or any other information. We will never rent or sell your email address to anyone, including other newsletter publishers or advertising partners.
Health and medical websites have a particular responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of their users. As a user of health and medical-related websites, you have a right to use such sites with the confidence that your personal, private, medical, and/or any other information is not being tracked, collected, otherwise aggregated, or disclosed without your express written consent.
The preservation of your personal privacy and confidentiality is a foremost priority of Berman Skin Institute.
Data that is NON-USER SPECIFIC ONLY may be collected and used to present site visitors with content, articles and ads that may be more relevant, and thus, of greater interest and use to them.
Otherwise, Berman Skin Institute will ONLY collect names, email addresses and other personal, private and/or medical information that is VOLUNTARILY provided by the visitor. This information will be saved, and will be used for the purposes of communicating with those who have provided this information voluntarily. Communications may include special offers, news and information updates, other resources, promotions and “Correspondence” as defined in the “Terms and Conditions” section of this site. If at any time you choose not to receive email communication or Correspondence from Berman Skin Institute., you may send an email to unsubscribe@skinmds.com, and you will be immediately removed from all future mailings and Correspondence.
As Required by the Privacy Regulations Created as a Result of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA)
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW HEALTH INFORMATION ABOUT YOU (AS A PATIENT OF THIS PRACTICE) MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED, AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO YOUR INDIVIDUALLY IDENTIFIABLE HEALTH INFORMATION.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Our practice is dedicated to maintaining the privacy of your Individually Identifiable Health Information (IIHI). In conducting our business, we will create records regarding you and the treatment and services we provide to you. We are required by law to maintain the confidentiality of health information that identifies you. We also are required by law to provide you with this notice of our legal duties and the privacy practices that we maintain in our practice concerning your IIHI. By federal and state law, we must follow the terms of the notice of privacy practices that we have in effect at the time.
We realize that these laws are complicated, but we must provide you with the following important information:
How we may use and disclose your IIHI
Your privacy rights in your IIHI
Our obligations concerning the use and disclosure of your IIHI
The terms of this notice apply to all records containing your IIHI that are created or retained by our practice. We reserve the right to revise or amend this Notice of Privacy Practices. Any revision or amendment to this notice will be effective for all of your records that our practice has created or maintained in the past, and for any of your records that we may create or maintain in the future. Our practice will post a copy of our current Notice in our offices in a visible location at all times, and you may request a copy of our most current Notice at any time.
IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS NOTICE, PLEASE CONTACT:
Practice Administrator at 4300 El Camino Real, Suite 100, Los Altos, CA 94022 (650) 325.6000; WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INDIVIDUALLY IDENTIFIABLE HEALTH INFORMATION (IIHI) IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS
The following categories describe the different ways in which we may use and disclose your IIHI.
Treatment. Our practice may use your IIHI to treat you. For example, we may ask you to have laboratory tests (such as blood or urine tests), and we may use the results to help us reach a diagnosis. We might use your IIHI in order to write a prescription for you, or we might disclose your IIHI to a pharmacy when we order a prescription for you. Many of the people who work for our practice – including, but not limited to, our doctors and nurses – may use or disclose your IIHI in order to treat you or to assist others in your treatment. Additionally, we may disclose your IIHI to others who may assist in your care, such as your spouse, children or parents.
Finally, we may also disclose your IIHI to other health care providers for purposes related to your treatment.
Payment. Our practice may use and disclose your IIHI in order to bill and collect payment for the services and items you may receive from us. For example, we may contact your health insurer to certify that you are eligible for benefits (and for what range of benefits), and we may provide your insurer with details regarding your treatment to determine if your insurer will cover, or pay for, your treatment. We also may use and disclose your IIHI to obtain payment from third parties that may be responsible for such costs, such as family members. Also, we may use your IIHI to bill you directly for services and items. We may disclose your IIHI to other health care providers and entities to assist in their billing and collection efforts.
Health Care Operations. Our practice may use and disclose your IIHI to operate our business. As examples of the ways in which we may use and disclose your information for our operations, our practice may use your IIHI to evaluate the quality of care you received from us, or to conduct cost-management and business planning activities for our practice. We may disclose your IIHI to other health care providers and entities to assist in their health care operations.
Treatment Options. Our practice may use and disclose your IIHI to inform you of potential treatment options or alternatives.
Disclosures Required By Law. Our practice will use and disclose your IIHI when we are required to do so by federal, state or local law.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR IIHI IN CERTAIN SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES
The following categories describe unique scenarios in which we may use or disclose your identifiable health information:
Public Health Risks. Our practice may disclose your IIHI to public health authorities that are authorized by law to collect information for the purpose of:
Maintaining vital records, such as births and deaths
Reporting child abuse or neglect
Preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability
Notifying a person regarding potential exposure to a communicable disease
Notifying a person regarding a potential risk for spreading or contracting a disease or condition
Reporting reactions to drugs or problems with products or devices
Notifying individuals if a product or device they may be using has been recalled
Notifying appropriate government agency(ies) and authority(ies) regarding the potential abuse or neglect of an adult patient (including domestic violence); however, we will only disclose this information if the patient agrees or we are required or authorized by law to disclose this information
Notifying your employer under limited circumstances related primarily to workplace injury or illness or medical surveillance.
Health Oversight Activities. Our practice may disclose your IIHI to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law. Oversight activities can include, for example, investigations, inspections, audits, surveys, licensure and disciplinary actions; civil, administrative, and criminal procedures or actions; or other activities necessary for the government to monitor government programs, compliance with civil rights laws and the health care system in general.
Lawsuits and Similar Proceedings. Our practice may use and disclose your IIHI in response to a court or administrative order, if you are involved in a lawsuit or similar proceeding. We also may disclose your IIHI in response to a discovery request, subpoena, or other lawful process by another party involved in the dispute, but only if we have made an effort to inform you of the request or to obtain an order protecting the information the party has requested.
Law Enforcement. We may release IIHI if asked to do so by a law enforcement official:
Regarding a crime victim in certain situations, if we are unable to obtain the person’s agreement
Concerning a death we believe has resulted from criminal conduct
Regarding criminal conduct at our offices
In response to a warrant, summons, court order, subpoena or similar legal process
To identify/locate a suspect, material witness, fugitive or missing person
In an emergency, to report a crime (including the location or victim(s) of the crime, or the description, identity or location of the perpetrator)
Serious Threats to Health or Safety. Our practice may use and disclose your IIHI when necessary to reduce or prevent a serious threat to your health and safety or the health and safety of another individual or the public. Under these circumstances, we will only make disclosures to a person or organization able to help prevent the threat.
Military. Our practice may disclose your IIHI if you are a member of U.S. or foreign military forces (including veterans) and if required by the appropriate authorities.
National Security. Our practice may disclose your IIHI to federal officials for intelligence and national security activities authorized by law. We also may disclose your IIHI to federal officials in order to protect the President, other officials or foreign heads of state, or to conduct investigations.
Inmates. Our practice may disclose your IIHI to correctional institutions or law enforcement officials if you are an inmate or under the custody of a law enforcement official. Disclosure for these purposes would be necessary: (a) for the institution to provide health care services to you, (b) for the safety and security of the institution, and/or (c) to protect your health and safety or the health and safety of other individuals.
Workers’ Compensation. Our practice may release your IIHI for workers’ compensation and similar programs.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR IIHI
You have the following rights regarding the IIHI that we maintain about you:
Confidential Communications. You have the right to request that our practice communicate with you about your health and related issues in a particular manner or at a certain location. For instance, you may ask that we contact you at home, rather than work. In order to request a type of confidential communication, you must make a written request to the HIPAA Compliance Officer specifying the requested method of contact, or the location where you wish to be contacted. Our practice will accommodate reasonable requests. You do not need to give a reason for your request.
Requesting Restrictions. You have the right to request a restriction in our use or disclosure of your IIHI for treatment, payment or health care operations. Additionally, you have the right to request that we restrict our disclosure of your IIHI to only certain individuals involved in your care or the payment for your care, such as family members and friends. We are not required to agree to your request; however, if we do agree, we are bound by our agreement except when otherwise required by law, in emergencies, or when the information is necessary to treat you. In order to request a restriction in our use or disclosure of your IIHI, you must make your request in writing to the HIPAA Compliance Officer. Your request must describe in a clear and concise fashion:
The information you wish restricted;
Whether you are requesting to limit our practice’s use, disclosure or both;
to whom you want the limits to apply.
Inspection and Copies. You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of the IIHI that may be used to make decisions about you, including patient medical records and billing records, but not including psychotherapy notes. You must submit your request in writing to the HIPAA Compliance Officer in order to inspect and/or obtain a copy of your IIHI. Our practice may charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing, labor and supplies associated with your request. Our practice may deny your request to inspect and/or copy in certain limited circumstances; however, you may request a review of our denial. Another licensed health care professional chosen by us will conduct reviews.
Amendment. You may ask us to amend your health information if you believe it is incorrect or incomplete, and you may request an amendment for as long as the information is kept by or for our practice. To request an amendment, your request must be made in writing and submitted to the HIPAA Compliance Officer. You must provide us with a reason that supports your request for amendment. Our practice will deny your request if you fail to submit your request (and the reason supporting your request) in writing. Also, we may deny your request if you ask us to amend information that is in our opinion: (a) accurate and complete; (b) not part of the IIHI kept by or for the practice; (c) not part of the IIHI which you would be permitted to inspect and copy; or (d) not created by our practice, unless the individual or entity that created the information is not available to amend the information.
Accounting of Disclosures. All of our patients have the right to request an “accounting of disclosures.” An “accounting of disclosures” is a list of certain non-routine disclosures our practice has made of your IIHI for non-treatment, non-payment or non-operations purposes. Use of your IIHI as part of the routine patient care in our practice is not required to be documented. For example, the doctor sharing information with the nurse; or the billing department using your information to file your insurance claim. In order to obtain an accounting of disclosures, you must submit your request in writing to the HIPAA Compliance Officer. All requests for an “accounting of disclosures” must state a time period, which may not be longer than six (6) years from the date of disclosure and may not include dates before April 14, 2003. The first list you request within a 12-month period is free of charge, but our practice may charge you for additional lists within the same 12-month period. Our practice will notify you of the costs involved with additional requests, and you may withdraw your request before you incur any costs.
Right to a Paper Copy of This Notice. You are entitled to receive a paper copy of our notice of privacy practices. You may ask us to give you a copy of this notice at any time. To obtain a paper copy of this notice, contact the HIPAA Compliance Officer.
Right to File a Complaint. If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with our practice or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with our practice, contact the HIPAA Compliance Officer. All complaints must be submitted in writing. You will not be penalized for filing a complaint.
Right to Provide an Authorization for Other Uses and Disclosures. Our practice will obtain your written authorization for uses and disclosures that are not identified by this notice or permitted by applicable law. Any authorization you provide to us regarding the use and disclosure of your IIHI may be revoked at any time in writing. After you revoke your authorization, we will no longer use or disclose your IIHI for the reasons described in the authorization. Please note, we are required to retain records of your care.
Again, if you have any questions regarding this notice or our health information privacy policies, please contact the HIPAA Compliance Officer.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Berman Skin Institute, please feel free to contact us directly at info@skinmds.com
Sincerely,Berman Skin Institute
Scroll to Top
Please share your location to continue