http://www.wellbeingjournal.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
About Us
Subscribe
United States
Canada/Mexico
International
Newsletter
Products
Back Issues
Books
Products We Like
My Account
My Account
Articles
Mind
Body
Beyond
FAQs
Writers’ Guidelines
FacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this Website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data?
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Well Being Journal is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email, contact form, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact form or phone number given on our Website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Website, your information is protected both online and offline. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via the telephone number, or contact form, provided throughout this website.
Contact Us
Well Being Journal
PO Box 69220Tucson, Arizona 85737-0012
Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
Home
About
Products
My Account
Articles
Faqs
Send To Top