https://www.eyebody.com/terms-and-conditions-en/
How We See
The Eyebody Patterns
The Method
Peter Grunwald
Workshops
FAQ
Shop
Media
Home / Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions form a legal contract between you and Eyebody International Ltd for your use of eyebody.com and eyebody.de
They cover:
General terms of use of eyebody.com and eyebody.de
Purchase of products and services
By using eyebody.com and eyebody.de, you accept these terms and conditions. When you purchase products or services from us, you accept the general terms of use, and the specific conditions that apply to that purchase. You may wish to print this page for your reference.
You should read these terms and conditions in conjunction with our Privacy Policy and Security Policy.
1. GENERAL TERMS OF USE
Your rights of use
You have the right to access and use eyebody.com and eyebody.de provided you comply with these terms and conditions. If you breach any part of these terms and conditions, we reserve the right to cancel your access to eyebody.com and eyebody.de
The content of eyebody.com and eyebody.de is for your personal use only and you can not share this service with any other person or organisation.
You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of eyebody.com or eyebody.de in any way.
Copyright
Eyebody International Ltd owns the copyright for all content on eyebody.com and eyebody.de, unless stated otherwise.
Reproducing material
All users are allowed to view and copy free materials from eyebody.com and eyebody.de for their own personal use.
Any other reproduction (including by electronic means) of eyebody.com and eyebody.de or any of our other publications, in whole or in part, is forbidden without our written permission. Please address requests to info@eyebody.com
Errors and updates
We reserve the right to add or remove material, and correct errors. If you find any errors on any part of eyebody.com or eyebody.de, please report them to info@eyebody.com
Newsletters
All Eyebody database members will automatically receive our irregular email newsletter.
To remove yourself from any of the newsletters, click on the link at the end of each newsletter and follow the instructions.
Links to other sites
Links within eyebody.com or eyebody.de are provided for your information. We do not endorse and have not necessarily verified any of the information available through the use of any link found within eyebody.com or eyebody.de We accept no liability for any loss caused as a result of any information or opinion contained in any link found within eyebody.com or eyebody.de
Linking to eyebody.com and eyebody.de
If you wish to link to our website, you must comply with certain requirements. For a list of these requirements, and to request a link to eyebody.com or eyebody.de, please email us at info@eyebody.com
Viewing content
eyebody.com and eyebody.de are designed for optimal use on Microsoft Internet Explorer version 7 and Mozilla Firefox version 4, or better.
We accept no responsibility for your inability to access eyebody.com or eyebody.de
No liability for damage
We will use our best efforts to keep eyebody.com and eyebody.de free from viruses and errors. However, we do not accept liability for any damage or loss caused to your computer hardware, software, Internet connections or other peripherals as a result of your use of eyebody.com or eyebody.de.
Privacy and Security
When you purchase one of our products or services, you will be set up with an Eyebody account. All personal information we collect about you, including your credit card information, passes through our third party secure server.
To read more about our security system, read our Security Policy.
We will keep all your personal information confidential. We will not sell or give any of your personal information to a third party without your permission. For more information about how we use and store your personal information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Complaints
If you have any complaints about the site, please contact us at info@eyebody.com
Changes to terms and conditions
We may change these terms and conditions at any time. Each time you use eyebody.com or eyebody.de you are agreeing to the terms and conditions applicable at that time. We provide a link to these Terms & Conditions at the bottom of every page of the website.
Jurisdiction
Eyebody International Ltd is a registered company located in New Zealand. The laws of New Zealand apply to these terms and conditions. Any dispute arising in relation to these terms and conditions will be resolved in accordance with New Zealand law.
Contacting us
Please address any questions or complaints to our Customer Services team at info@eyebody.com
Eyebody International Ltd.
P.O. Box 147 550
Ponsonby, Auckland 1144
New Zealand
Phone 0064 9 360 1730
2. BUYING PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ONLINE
The following can be purchased online at eyebody.com or eyebody.de:
Eyebody books in either English or German;
Eyebody Pinhole Glasses;
One-day workshops, 6-day retreats, 7-day Advanced Retreat, 3-Week Intensives, One-On-One sessions
Prices
For New Zealand customers all prices are stated in New Zealand dollars (NZ$), and include Goods and Services Tax (GST). For overseas customers all prices are stated in other currencies (EUR, CHF, USD, AUD, JPY, GBP).
Price changes
We reserve the right to increase fees or to introduce new prices for our products and services at any time. Any such changes will be published on eyebody.com or eyebody.de
Methods of payment
Payment for all purchases made online is by PayPal (also credit card or bank transfer via PayPal, available in North America and Europe). Payment for workshop tickets is also available by bank transfer.
Delivery times
In Germany products are shipped and received by the customer within 2-3 days after ordering and us receiving payment. Deliveries for orders and us receiving payments inside Europe can take 3-5 days, outside Europe can take up to 10 days delivery time. If you have not received your products within those time frames contact our shipping service by email: shop@eyebody.com.
Refund policy
Please choose carefully products such as books and/or Eyebody Pinhole Glasses as we do not refund if you change your mind. If the goods are faulty we will meet our obligations under the NZ Consumer Guarantees Act and forward you new items. In case of services such as workshop and retreat bookings please refer to the individual refund policy which can be found on the leaflet announcement to each specific workshop or retreat.
Log In
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgotten Password?
Username or Email
Lost your password? | Back to Login