https://www.myeloma.org.uk/help-and-support/living-well-with-myeloma/travel/
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
INFOLINE: 0800 980 3332
DONATE NOW
Infoline: 0800 980 3332
Office: 0131 557 3332
Understanding myeloma
Understanding myeloma
From diagnosis to common complications, here you’ll find all the information you need to help you better understand myeloma.
View Section
What is myeloma?
What causes myeloma?
Diagnosis
Symptoms & complications
Treating myeloma
Treating myeloma
Initial treatmentSupportive care treatmentsTreatment for relapsed myelomaClinical trials and novel drugs
Related conditions
Related conditions
AL amyloidosisMGUSPlasma cell leukaemiaPOEMSSmouldering myelomaSolitary plasmacytoma
Help & Support
Help & Support
We provide a number of services, support and advice to help you cope with a diagnosis and manage myeloma ongoing.
View Section
Myeloma Infoline
Ask the Nurse
Support Groups
Patient and family digital events
Living well with myeloma
Living well with myeloma
TravelRelationshipsDiet & exerciseEmotional & psychological supportFinancesPlanning ahead
Support for carers
COVID-19 information hub
Forum
Forum
Register
Fundraising & Donations
Fundraising & Donations
We use your donations and contributions to work towards finding a cure. We can also assist with your own fundraising efforts.
View Section
How your money helps
Donations
Donations
Donate monthlyDonate nowGifts in willsGiving in memoryGiving in celebrationOther ways to givePhilanthropy
Do your own fundraising
Do your own fundraising
Planning your own eventBoosting your incomeAfter your eventBecome a partnerTell us about your event
Take part in an event
Take part in an event
Running eventsWalking eventsCycling eventsChallengesTell us about your event
Lost in Lapland
Campaigns
Myeloma UK Lottery
Gift Aid explained
Research & Patient Advocacy
Research & Patient Advocacy
We work to find the best treatments and make them available, to improve patient care and, ultimately, find a cure for myeloma.
View Section
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
Myeloma UK Clinical TrialsClinical Trial Finder
Myeloma Drug Finder
Translational research programme
Health Services Research Programme
Patient and Carer Research Panel
Patient Advocacy
Advocacy Partner Panel
For Researchers
Research Advisory Group
Our Role
Our Role
We are the only organisation in the UK which deals exclusively with myeloma. Discover more about us and how we work.
View Section
Our strategy
Our impact
Our values
Our people
Our board
Our president
Our annual reports
News & Stories
News & Stories
Read the latest news and updates from Myeloma UK.
View Section
Myeloma UK News
Fundraising News
Research News
Patient Advocacy News
Patient Stories
Sign up to our e-newsletter
Myeloma UK Blog
Search
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
page
Home // Help & Support // Living well with myeloma // Travel Travel
Everyone deserves a holiday. There are a couple of extra factors you need to keep in mind when you’re a myeloma patient, to make sure you get the most out of your travels.
Share
Before you go on holiday
You can still enjoy holidays both in the UK and abroad as a myeloma patient with careful planning and a few sensible precautions. However, there are some challenges you may experience when travelling or planning a holiday.
Sort your travel insurance
Getting travel insurance can be more difficult when you have myeloma, so it’s a good idea to start looking as soon as you can. You may want to look into obtaining insurance before booking your holiday. Our Travel Insurance Infosheet has a list of companies that have offered insurance policies to myeloma patients.
Discuss with your doctor
You should discuss your travel plans with your doctor before you go. They can give you a letter outlining details about your myeloma and treatment which may be helpful if you fall ill while away. They will also make sure you have enough drugs with you to last for your whole trip, plus some extra in case of delays. They can also provide you with antibiotics in case you pick up an infection. Be sure to check what restrictions there are on bringing certain drugs into the country you are visiting.
Get your vaccinations
Depending on where you are visiting, you may need vaccinations before you go. You should discuss with your doctor or nurse which ones you are able to have. Myeloma patients should not have ‘live vaccines’ such as oral polio or typhoid, yellow fever and rubella.
While you’re on holiday
While you’re away make sure you rest as much as you need and continue to eat healthily. Take care in the sun and avoid any extreme sports.
Further reading
Travel insurance and myeloma Infosheet
Find out more
Infopack for living well with myeloma
Find out more
Other important information
Myeloma Matters
Free tri-annual myeloma specific magazine. Sign up for more details.
Subscribe Now
AL amyloidosis Matters
Free twice yearly AL amyloidosis specific newsletter, sign up for more details.
Subscribe Now
Help & Support: Speak to one of our trained and qualifed Myeloma Information Specialists or email us
0800 980 3332
Copyright Myeloma UK 2020
Close
Cookie use on our siteThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please indicate your preference below, or read our Cookie Information to find out more.
Accept Reject Customise CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you explore our website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for making sure the website works properly for you. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website, and for marketing purposes. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Always enabled, these cookies are required for the website to work properly, such as when you view videos or add items to the shopping cart.
Analytics
analytics
To help us understand how you use our website and tailor the site to meet your needs, we use analytics cookies. It’s important to remember we can’t identify individuals with this type of cookie, but it does give us an overview of what works well on our website and what doesn’t.
Advertisement
advertisement
We use advertising cookies to deliver highly relevant advertisements to our audiences, through platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram.
Functional
functional
These cookies are needed for certain elements of our website to work properly, although it will generally work without these. Some links may not work correctly, for example.
Save & Accept