http://www.einstein.edu/urology/conditions/trauma-reconstruction-and-prosthetics/peyronies-disease
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Urology / Conditions & Treatments / Urologic Trauma, Reconstruction and Prosthetics / Peyronie's Disease Surgery
Urology
Urology Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Urologic Trauma, Reconstruction and Prosthetics
Peyronie's Disease Surgery
Fewer than 200,000 men are diagnosed with Peyronie's disease every year. But for those who are, it can be extremely awkward, painful and disruptive.
While the exact causes behind Peyronie’s disease are not yet known, the signs and potential symptoms are obvious:
A prominently curved penis
A penis showing signs of shortening
Painful erections
Painful intercourse for the partner
An inability to have sexual intercourse at all (whether because it’s too painful or due to Peyronie’s-induced erectile dysfunction).
Fortunately, the problem doesn’t have to be permanent and Jay Simhan, MD, is a recognized expert for treating this condition.
Why It Happened
Peyronie’s disease can make an appearance without much warning. And without proper treatment, the problem of penile curvature can last years – or longer.
Peyronie’s disease appears to develop due to scar tissue (called ‘plaque’) forming inside the penis. Since this is typically on only one side of the penis, it results in a shortened shaft also on the affected side, which causes the signature curve.
The worse the scar tissue, the more prominent that curve will be. Nonsurgical treatments are likely to fail and there are no oral medications (such as Potaba, Vitamin E, Colchicine, Tamoxifen, and/or Pentoxifylline to name just a few) that have been shown to improve Peyronie’s.
How exactly did you get to this point? That is still largely unknown. Some studies show the plaque begins to build up after some kind of trauma to the penis (most often during sex). Often the patient doesn't know right away that the trauma occurred.
Other studies indicate that it’s a genetic condition in some way, shape or form. Also, people with conditions such as Dupuytren’s contracture may manifest Peyronie’s. The association has to do with an abnormality in collagen buildup in the penis itself.
The Solution and the Solver
Peyronie’s disease surgery is often a minimally invasive, minor surgical procedure. Dr. Simhan will examine your specific situation and speak further with you about details specific to your form of curvature, risks and rewards involved. Surgery for this condition is generally an outpatient procedure. Patients are not awake at the time of the surgey, and most leave the same day.
Surgery for this condition falls under two umbrellas – plication surgery or grafting surgery. Dr. Simhan has performed both types of repairs numerous times. He often performs plication surgeries in patients that have “less severe” curvatures than those undergoing grafting surgery.
As a reconstructive surgeon, Dr. Simhan’s goal is to match the surgery with the patient based on their likes/dislikes as well as goals. A substantial majority of men who choose surgery for Peyronie’s are satisfied with the results and are pleased with their decision to move forward with the procedure.
No need to let Peyronie's disease interfere with your sexual performance, your pleasure or your partner's.
Schedule an Appointment
Reach out to a board-certified urologist at our convenient Philadelphia and Montgomery County Urology offices today.
Request an Appointment
Peyronie's Disease Surgery Specialists
View All
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Karl’s Story
After a near fatal motorcycle accident, it wasn’t until he discovered the experts at Einstein Urology that his real internal issues were healed. We treat patients like Karl every day.
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of urology and are actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.