http://www.varneyphysio.co.uk/privacy-policy
GDPR COMPANY POLICY:In
order to be GDPR compliant from the 25th May 2018 we have reviewed
our data protection policy and formulated the following:Contents:PolicyData Protection & AccessBasic principles of Client ConfidentialityConfidentiality in the workplaceGeneral security ProceduresData ProcessorsData Protection OfficersBreaches of The Confidentiality Policy1. PolicyThe
Varney Practice has a clear policy on confidentiality & GDPR that is
essential to protect the privacy of individuals – both clients & staff to
ensure a high standard of practice at all times. This policy provides a
guidance framework within which staff must exercise professional judgement
where necessary in consultation with the clinic managers as appropriate. The
company’s policy on confidentiality & GDPR will be explained to employees
as part of their induction. The policy is also available to service users on
request.2. GDPR & Access to RecordsData
protection means that those who decide how & why personal data is processed
(known as data controllers) must comply with the rules of good information
handling, known as the data protection principles. As employers we are the data
controller- The Varney Practice. Those about whom data is processed (data
subjects) – staff and clients are also provided with a number of rights which
they may use to access certain information about them, as well as control the
way in which it is processed in some cases. The main legislation governing GDPR
is The Data Protection Act 1998(DPA), which came into force on the 1st
March 2000. The DPA applies to all workers including employees and former job
applicants.There
are 8 principles put in place by the DPA and subsequent amendments which
specify that data must be: Fairly and lawfully processed for limited
purposesAdequate, relevant and not excessiveAccurateNot kept for longer than is necessaryProcessed in line with your rightsSecureNot transferred to countries outside the EU
without adequate protectionBreaches of The Confidentiality PolicyThe definition of data falling within the DPA is complex. It
includes information:Which is personal data relating to a living
individual, and Includes any expression of opinion about the
individual and/or Includes an indication of the intentions of the
data controller or any other person in respect of the individual.The individual must be identified from the data.The DPA applies to personal data in:Computerised formatManual formatAny other format as long as the data is in a
system that allows the information to be readily accessible. All
files relating to service users and employees will be kept in locked filing
cabinets or on a computerised filing system which is security protected. Access
to these files will be limited to key members of staff who need the information
contained within them in order to carry out their jobs. Individuals
may request copies of their file information (subject access request). All
requests must be made in writing to The Varney Practice. These will be provided
within one month from receiving the request unless extensive then an extension
may be requested.The
address details and telephone numbers of employees and service users should
never be given out to any third party who may contact the organisation. In
situations where there is a request for address or telephone details a message
should be taken and the individual concerned contacted.Information
relating to individuals employment with the organisation such as absence
records and disciplinary information will be considered highly confidential and
will be processed and stored in line with the DPA guidelinesOn
the termination of an employment relationship, The Varney Practice, will retain
personnel records for as long as there is a real business need, e.g. to provide
a reference or be able to defend any future claims.Reporting
directly to the UK parliament the information commissioner’s office is a UK
independent supervisory authority which insures that organisations which
process data does so in compliance with the DPA, Freedom of Information Act
2000, the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 and The
Environmental Informational Regulations 2004. The website of The ICO is the
most comprehensive source for guidance on GDPR and guidance can be found at: http://ico.org.uk3. Basic Principles of Client
ConfidentialityInformation
relating to service users must be treated with respect at all times. Where
written records are absolutely necessary, recordings must be accurate, concise,
factual and clear. They must contain the minimum amount of information that is
necessary for the purpose intended.Client’s
personal circumstances of any type are not to be relayed or discussed with
anyone  outside of The Varney
Practice unless we are instructed otherwise by the client concerned. Consent
should always be sought in situations where it is necessary to pass on
information to enable service delivery to the individual concerned.Information
should only ever be passed on in cases where there is a legitimate need to know
and only relevant and necessary information should be revealed e.g. reports to
referrers or onward referrals to a tertiary service.  However there are certain situations where information will
need to be shared even if this is against the wishes of the service user. This
includes situations where: A clients life is at riskOther individuals life’s are at riskIt is a requirement of a court orderIt is a requirement of lawWhere there is a child protection/vulnerable
adult issueThere may
also be occasions where there is a public interest justification for the
disclosure of information including:Public accountability and monitoring purposes Where there is a serious risk to public health The prevention, detection, or prosecution of
serious crimeAny
requests for information from an external agency should always be discussed
with the employer and fully documented.4. Confidentiality in the workplacePersonal details of any employee must not be disclosed
without their consent.
All staff should ensure that documents:Are not left lying unattended on desksAre not left open and visible on computer
screensAre filed away securely after useStaff
who are dealing with ongoing queries that contain confidential client
information must ensure that no details, at any time, can be seen by members of
the public, and all details are stored away appropriately at the end of the
day.All
confidential records are to be stored in a locked filing cabinet in the clinic.
The key will be held by the employer in a secure place.All
information that does not need to be stored will be shredded and disposed of
appropriately.Any
loss of sensitive documents should be reported with immediate effect to the
employer. If a data breach occurs, the ICO would be notified where feasible
within 72 hours, unless the breach is unlikely to result in risk to
individuals.5. General Security ProceduresAll employees should adhere to the following security
measures at all times:All visitors to the office must be accompanied
at all times by a member of staff if they are outside of the public areas.Computers must be password protected and have up
to date anti-virus and firewallsEmails should be sent securelySocial Media should have no personal identifiers
If a testimonial is received consent must be
gained to utilise this for advertising purposesWritten consent must be obtained for photographs
or videos Anything sent by post will be sent by royal
mail, first or second class delivery, unless specifically requested by a
patient, to be sent by recorded post.
Complaints received will be dealt with
confidentially and promptly by the employer and a record stored in patient
notes6. Data ProcessorsA
data processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
that processes personal data on behalf of the controller. E.g. TM2, Microsoft
Office, IT Consultants, Accountants, Joint note holders (private healthcare
companies) GDPR
will be met by their terms and conditions when they set up their services. If
they breach data they will be liable to be investigated by The ICO. 7. Data Protection Officers (DPO)Data
protection officers are responsible for overseeing data protection strategies
and implementations to ensure compliance with GDPR. As a small business it is
not possible to employ a separate DPO therefore the appointed officers at The
Varney Practice is Gemma Varney8. Breaches of GDPR and
ConfidentialityAny
suspected breaches of confidentiality will be taken seriously and investigated
thoroughly in line with the disciplinary policy and procedure. If a breach is
found to have taken place this may constitute gross misconduct and following a
disciplinary hearing may result in dismissal.By
adhering to the above policy we are minimising the risk of a data breach to the
best of our abilities.