http://www.gwdocs.com/website-privacy-notice/
Open Accessibility Menu
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Website Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Notice
Last Updated: August 23, 2018
The GW Medical Faculty Associates (“MFA”) is committed to protecting
your privacy. This privacy policy applies to all users of our website
and explains how we collect and use the personal information that you
may supply to us when visiting the MFA website. Our processing of your
personal information is subject to this privacy policy and any subsequent updates.
Information Collection
We collect personal information that you choose to share with us, as well
as information provided directly by your browser or device when you visit
our website.
Information Collected from You
When you interact with certain features of our website, we collect the
personal information that is necessary to provide you with that feature.
When You Request an Appointment
To request an appointment through the website, we collect your first and
last name, e-mail address, date of birth, and phone number. This information
is necessary for us to contact you regarding scheduling your appointment.
When you request an appointment, you also have the option of providing
your preferred appointment date, information regarding your health insurance
provider, and submitting any questions or comments. Providing this information
is at your discretion, and we will only collect this information if you
choose to share it with us.
When You Pay Your Bill
If you elect to pay your bill online, we collect the patient and account
holder name, billing address, account and invoice information, and payment
information. This information is necessary for processing your payment.
When You Contact Us
If you submit a contact form via the website, we will collect your first
and last name, e-mail address, and the subject and content of your communication.
This information is necessary for us to respond to your message. You also
have the option of providing a telephone number, which we only collect
when you choose to share it with us.
When You Use the Search Bar
When you submit a keyword or phrase in our search bar feature, we collect
the term or phrase for analytic purposes. This information is only collected
in aggregate form and cannot be tied to you individually.
When You Find a Provider
If you search for a doctor via our “Find a Doctor” page, we
collect any information you input to filter the doctors returned in your
search. We only collect this information for analytics purposes and only
in aggregate form.
Information Collected from Web Technologies
Some of the information we collect is provided automatically by your browser,
while some information is collected via web technologies with which you
interact on our website.
Browser or Device Information
We collect information sent to us automatically by your browser when you
visit our website, including your IP address, cookie information, and
the page(s) you access.
We also collect your IP address(es) for the purpose of analyzing website
trends, administering the site, and tracking user movement for aggregate
usage analysis. This website usage information enables us to provide you
with site improvements and a better user experience. To conduct this analysis,
we only use anonymous, aggregate data that cannot be used to identify
you individually.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may set and access session cookies on your computer to customize your
experience. “Cookies” are small files placed on your computer
by your browser and are often used to make websites work, as well as provide
information to the website operator.
We collect this information for the purpose of conducting analyses on our
web traffic and improving your experience while visiting our website.
When you first visit our website, you will be asked to consent to our
use of cookies, and you can withhold, withdraw, or change your consent
at any time. You have the ability to decline cookies by modifying the
settings in your browser. If you decline or disable cookies, please note
that certain functionalities of our website may no longer work.
Third-Party Cookies and Web Beacons
Some content or applications on our website are served by third parties,
including content providers and application providers. Our third-party
partners may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other
tracking technologies already in your browser to collect information about
you when you visit our website. The information they collect may be associated
with your personal information or they may collect information, including
personal information, about your online activities over time and across
different websites and other online services.
Third-party cookies and web technologies are controlled by our advertising
partners and not subject to this privacy policy. If you have any questions
about the practices of such third party, you should contact the responsible
third-party directly.
Information Collected from Other Sources
Some of the features of our website are provided by third-party vendors
that we engage to facilitate these features on our behalf. The information
collected by our third-party vendors is managed under the privacy notices
of those vendors.
We partner with third parties to provide the following features:
Career page and talent network
Online appointment booking
Patient health portal
Gifts and/or donations
To the extent that we receive and must access the personal information
you share with our third-party vendors, we will treat such information
with the same care and privacy protections as stated in this policy.
Information Use
How we use your personal information will depend on how you interact with
our website and the personal information you have shared with us.
Respond to Your Requests
We use your personal information to respond to your requests, including
communications, provider searches, and job applications.
Facilitate Self-Service Features
We use your personal information to enable you to access the self-service
features of our website, including requesting an appointment, accessing
the patient portal, and paying your bills.
Enhance Website and User Experience
We may use the information regarding the use of our website to analyze
and administer the site and track user movement for web analytics purposes.
This website usage information enables us to make improvements to the
website and user experience. We only use anonymous, aggregate data that
cannot be used to identify you individually.
Meet Legal and Regulatory Obligations
In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal
information, including your health information, to regulators or as otherwise
required by law. We will only share the information we are required to
disclose by law and only when we are required to do so.
Security and Fraud Prevention
When necessary, we will use your personal information, including email
communications, to preserve the security of our website, systems, and
personal information in our control. If necessary, we will also use your
personal information to investigate possible fraud, violations of this
privacy policy and our terms and conditions, and to prevent any attempted
harm to our users.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We limit the disclosure of your personal information to what is necessary
to fulfill our obligations to you and to satisfy business and regulatory
requirements.
Support Vendors
When necessary, we share your data with third-party vendors working on
our behalf to provide specific business support services, including payment
processing, website hosting and management, and certain web features.
Website Analytics Companies
We share anonymous, aggregate information regarding visitors to our website
with third-party website analytics companies to better understand how
our users interact with our website. As we only share anonymous, aggregate
data, this information cannot be traced back to you individually by either
us or the website analytics vendors.
We use Google Analytics to provide us website usage and analytic reports,
which necessitates us sharing your anonymous, aggregate data. You may
choose not to share your data with Google by installing the Google Analytics
opt-out browser add-on, which instructs your browser not to provide your
website usage data to Google Analytics. To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout to install the browser add-on.
Please note that installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
will only disable the use of Google Analytics and will not prevent data
from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.
Legal Requirements
As required by law, regulation, or legal process, we will share your personal
information with government authorities, enforcement officials, or third
parties as necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process,
or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Security and Fraud Prevention Efforts
When necessary, we will share your personal information to investigate,
prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person,
violations or suspected violations of this privacy policy, our agreements
or arrangements with you or other policies in effect from time to time
to which you are subject, or as otherwise required by law.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event
we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or its assets. In
such event, your personal information will continue to be governed by
this privacy policy.
Other Important Information
Third-Party Websites
This website may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties.
This privacy notice applies only to our websites and not to any third-party websites.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed
to protect against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, disclosure, alternation,
or destruction of personal information we collect. Any information provided
to us will be treated with care and discretion. While we strive to protect
your personal information, no data transmission is 100% secure. We do
not guarantee the security of your personal information provided over
the internet or stored in our databases. Your transmissions are at your
own risk. We are not responsible for disclosures of your personal information
due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Children Under the Age of 13
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under
the age of 13, unless the personal information is submitted by a by a
parent or guardian or with parental consent. Our website is not intended
for anyone under the age of 13, and no one under the age of 13 may provide
information on this website.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California and you have provided
your personal information to us, you have the right to request a list
of all third parties to which we have disclosed your personal information
for direct marketing purposes. If, you exercise your right to submit such
a request to us, we will send you the following information:
The categories of information we have disclosed to any third party for
any third party’s direct marketing purposes during the preceding year; and
The names and addresses of third parties that received such information,
or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name,
then examples of the products or services marketed.
You may make such a request by
contacting us in writing by electronic mail, postal mail, or commercial courier at
the address or email address provided at the end of this privacy policy
under the heading “Contact Information” with a preference
on how our response to your request should be sent.
California law also requires that we disclose how we respond to “do-not-track
requests” from our users. At this time, we do not currently respond
to “do-not-track” requests from our users’ browsers.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may update or revise this policy at any time, at its sole discretion.
Any changes to our privacy policy will apply to your personal information
from the “Last Updated” date at the top of the privacy policy
and will not affect previous uses of your personal information. You can
find the most current version of our privacy policy at any time by clicking
on the “Privacy Policy” link at the bottom of our website.
If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we will notify you
of those changes by either sending an email message to the email address
you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on
our website.
Contact Information
Please email
communications@mfa.gwu.edu with any questions or concerns.