https://www.nahc.org/advocacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home | Advocacy & Policy
Print
Share this page
Take Action Now
Become an Advocate
Become a Champion
Legislative Positions
Regulatory Positions
Advocacy Education & Resources
Share Your Story
Advocate Spotlight
Testimonials
The NAHC Annual Meeting is the place to be if you are in the home care and hospice space. This is a must attend show for newcomers and home care veterans alike.Jennie Perrelli, Director of Events, Education and Outreach, Simione Healthcare Consultants
Exhibiting at the NAHC Conference allows Axxess to connect with and empower the entire industry. It is a unique opportunity to forge partnerships that have helped Axxess grow. Adrian Killebrew, Business Development Executive, Axxess
NAHC not only attracts hundreds of attendees, it attracts quality attendees that are serious decision makers looking for change and new solutions. NAHC strategically selects amazing locations to host their conferences, pulling in the local culture and vibe.
These locations provide an amazing ambiance as well as many locations for networking opportunities.
NAHC is a must for your 2019 Conference Calendar.Jill Schexnayder, KanTime Marketing and Events Coordinator
If I only go to one conference a year, the Financial Management Conference is the one. It's focused, intense, and gives leaders what is needed to guide their hospice and home health agencies for the future. I have not missed a FMC since moving into a leadership roleCarolyn Flietstra, Executive Vice President of Home and Community Services at Holland Home
I have been a member of NAHC almost my entire career and I wouldn’t be in business if I had not been a member of NAHC… The legislative action that NAHC completes for us is invaluable because it brings all of the home care voices together as one and without that we would have no power in Washington.Kim Gaffey, CEO of Gaffey Home Nursing & Hospice
The annual conference has been exceptional. Great speakers. A lot of motivation and a lot of great information to take back to share with my colleagues. Really focused on patient-centeredness…Exciting stuff. Diane Graham, VP of Clinical Operations Support & Professional Development at Amedisys
We always have multiple members of our team attend the Financial Management Conference. The universal feedback is it a great conference due to the content and networking with others in the industry. We believe it is a great value for the money. We are sending six to the FMC this year based off prior years and believe it worth the travel cost in today’s environment. This event is a priority item versus other opportunities.Joe Calcutt, Chief Financial Officer of Liberty Healthcare
FMC is like the World Series. It occurs once a year bringing together the best minds of the consulting, provider, technology and other suppliers of the home health and hospice industries for a thoughtful and intense discussion of the most relevant issues and challenges we face. You simply cannot afford to miss it.Walter W. Borginis III, CPA, CGMA, MBA, FCPP, Former President and CEO of Visiting Nurse Association of Philadelphia
If you are committed to your company's future, the annual NAHC conference is a 'must attend' event.
It is the only venue that combines critical education on new regulations and reimbursement, access to new technologies and innovation, and the opportunity to discuss best practices with your peer group. Everyone lleft with at least a few new ideas on dealing with the upcoming challenges in 2019.
The venue and food were a bonus! Mark Kulik, Managing Director of The Braff Group
NAHC saved our lives. I became Executive Director two days after pre-claim review was announced, so it was baptism by fire. I remember my first call with Bill. He could have easily said, ‘this is what you’re going to do.’ But he didn’t. He said ‘how can we work together?’ He said ‘maybe we should do a weekly call with your members.’ Fabulous! For 22 weeks we did a weekly call with our members with Bill and I on the phone answering questions as best we could. Getting information to them and trying to ease their pain, at the same time, we’re advocating like crazy. The success of that experience taught us a lot.Sara Ratcliffe, Executive Director of Illinois HomeCare & Hospice Council
Welcome to the NAHC Advocacy Center!
The Heartbeat of Home Care and Hospice
Join NAHC Advocacy today
Americans want to age in their own homes and communities, where they can maintain their independence, dignity, and spend time with family and friends. Home health care and hospice services provide Americans with the quality health care they want in the comfort of their own homes and at a price they and the country can afford.
Our elected representatives need to hear about the success of home health and hospice from the people who know it best – patients, families, and providers. NAHC is advocating on behalf of home health care and hospice every day, but nothing has an impact on elected officials like hearing from their own constituents, and that is why it is so important for everyone familiar with home health and hospice to become advocates on behalf of our entire community. You are the Heartbeat of our industry and can be a catalyst for change ensuring access to quality home-based care and services today and for future generations.
NAHC has made connecting with your elected representatives as easy as a few clicks on your computer or mobile device. You are literally seconds away from asking your elected representatives to support home health and hospice. Simply click on TAKE ACTION NOW, choose the issue or issues that matter most to you, fill in your name and contact information, and hit SEND. Your representatives immediately receive your message and you have taken a strong stand for home health and hospice.
There is great strength in numbers. Our voices combined together are powerful enough to command the attention of our elected representatives and influence their decisions. NAHC is proud to be the leading and unifying voice for home care and hospice patients and providers with policymakers and legislators, federal agencies, the media, the public and in the courts. Stand with us, add your voice to ours and countless others, and together we will ensure access to the highest quality health care and services at home for all Americans. Become an advocate today!
#NAHCHeartbeat #advocacyinaction
For more information or questions contact:
heartbeat@nahc.org.
“Each time a man stands up for an ideal
or acts to improve the lot of others,
strikes out against injustice,
he sends forth a ripple of hope…”
– John F. Kennedy
Affiliates