http://www.stmichaelshospital.com/privacy.php
Home|
Contact Us|
Visit Us
Are you looking for...?
Directions to a Clinic
Job Opportunities
Emergency Department
Frequently Called Numbers
Our Latest News and Stories
Student Centre
Corporate Publications
Patient Relations
MyChart
Pay My Bill
DONATE
Patient Care
Teaching & Learning
Research
Ways to Give
Working Here
Who We Are
View information on our visitor policy. >>
Book an appointment online for COVID-19 testing at one of our Assessment Centres. >>
Patient Care
Teaching & Learning
Research
Ways to Give
Working Here
Who We Are
Website privacy statement
Last updated: January 2012
St. Michael's Hospital is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its patients, research subjects and website visitors. We also protect your privacy whether you are browsing for information or communicating with the hospital through electronic channels.
The handling of all personal information by the hospital is governed by the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA). The hospital ensures your personal health information is private, confidential and secure through the Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA).
To learn more about the hospital's commitment to protecting the privacy of patients and research subjects, please see our Information Practices Statement. To learn more about how we protect the privacy of website visitors, please continue reading below.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the St. Michael's website. We want to ensure your utmost confidence in how information collected on this website will be used. St. Michael's promotes the use of fair information practices on the Internet.
When you visit our websites, we will not collect your personal information unless you choose to use or complete online products and services that require it. Where you submit your personal information to the hospital online, you are consenting to the hospital collecting your personal information in order to execute the administrative duties of the hospital or to contact you. The hospital will not use your personal information for other purposes without contacting you first.
Questions about this collection should be directed to the:
Information Access and Privacy Office
St. Michael’s Hospital
30 Bond St. Toronto, Ont.,
M5B 1W8
(416) 864-6088
privacy@unityhealth.to
Information collection and use
St. Michael's Hospital is the sole owner of the information on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this
information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
St. Michael's Hospital collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Online job services registration (career section)
We collect email addresses for job search notifications on a strictly voluntary basis. This contact information
is used to:
Contact you should a potential position become available that we think may fit your profile.
Let you know about enhancements to our online job search service.
Foundation event updates
To subscribe to our foundation event updates we ask for your first
name, last name and email address. This information is used for
the distribution of foundation event information.
Contact forms
The website has a contact form that asks for personal information. This information is not stored in a
database. The information is placed into the body of the associated email and used to provide
us with information so we may follow-up with your information request.
Log files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitors' movements on the site,
and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally
identifiable information.
Cookies
We use cookies to help improve the content within our site by helping us understand how visitors use and how
many times the same visitor will revisit our site. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. This can be done through your browser. Each
browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your
cookie acceptance. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features provided by various websites,
including personalized login sessions and the storage of your personal preferences.
Sharing
We reserve the right to share aggregated demographic information with various departments throughout
St. Michael's Hospital. This information is not linked to any personal information that can
identify an individual. For example, a department is notified that their portion of the website is the most
visited section. As such, we would like to review and possibly expand the range of services
provided within this portion of the website.
We occasionally partner with other parties to provide specific services. When a website visitor signs
up for any services that are provided by such parties, we will share names or other contact information
that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally
identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Surveys and contests
From time to time, our website may ask you to complete online contests or surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary. Information requested may include contact information such as name and mailing address, and demographic information such as gender or approximate age. Contact information will be used to help track the associated demographics of the responses. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with this website.
Links and intermediaries
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that St. Michael's Hospital is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. We encourage our website visitors
to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The statement you are reading now applies solely to information collected by this website. However, intermediaries such as internet service providers may make a record of your visit and log information to assist them in operating their businesses. In addition, in the unlikely event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency or other government agency may exercise its legal right to inspect logs of the hospital's internet service provider. Finally, this site does not provide facilities for secure transmission of information across the Internet. Users should be aware that there are significant privacy risks inherent in transmitting information across the Internet.
Correction, updating, removal, retention of personal information
If your personal information (such as your postal code) changes or if you no longer want our service, the option
to correct or remove this personal data from our database is available. Otherwise, we may retain your data as long as it is useful for its identified purposes.
Notification of changes
If we decide to change this privacy statement, we will post notice of those changes on our website. If at any point St. Michael's Hospital chooses to use personally identifiable information gathered on its website in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, users will be notified by email and have a choice if the hospital may use their information. Failing such notification, the hospital will use information in the manner described by the privacy statement in effect at the time the information was collected.
Text size:
a
a
a
Website Privacy
|
Terms of Use
|
Sitemap
|
Contact Us
|
Accessibility
|
Privacy
30 Bond St.,
Toronto,
Ontario
M5B 1W8,
Canada.
416-360-4000
Copyright © 2020
St. Michael's Hospital.
All rights reserved.
Host: CWH-VPS4