http://www.autism-society.org/donor-privacy-policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Home
/
Donor Privacy Policy
Autism Society of America
Donor Privacy Policy
The Autism Society of America adheres to the highest level of privacy of any and all donor or prospective donor information including, but not limited to, information on the name, address, contact numbers and email address, credit card and banking information, or the amount of the contribution of a donor or prospective donor.
In accordance with the Autism Society of America’s Donor Privacy Policy, the following measures are taken to assure adherence to this policy:
1. Access by Autism Society of America authorized individuals to specific donor related information is controlled and through defined oversight measures and such access is regularly monitored to assure that only authorized individuals have such access.
2. Unless required by a Court or legal administrative order, donor information, including the amount of the donation, name of the donor, address and contact information related to the donor as well as credit card and banking information will never be shared with any other individuals or entities outside of the organization, without the written permission of the donor.
3. As part of the Autism Society of America’s outside yearly audit of its finances, qualified individuals conducting the audit, in order to develop the annual audit, may need to access specific information on a donor in terms of their donation. When this is required, those seeking such information will be provided such access but also will be required to maintain any information obtained in strict
confidence and not share such information, other than to include required information in the annual audit, to verify donations, and/or define donations receivable or donations which have been pledged but not obtained. In no case, will descriptive information of the donor’s name or address be provided to the public or thru the audit, unless required by law, court order, or legal administrative order.
4. Information on and about a donor will be maintained in secure locations which will require special access codes/information and/or keys to access, which will only be available to authorized individuals of the Autism Society of America.
The Autism Society of America will never sell to any entity or individual any information about a donor. From time to time, an organization, entity or individual may wish to provide the Autism Society of America a donation or payment to provide information to the Autism Society of America’s donors. If this occurs, the Autism Society of America will not provide such an entity such information but may choose to send information directly from the Autism Society of America to its donors and the public when the Autism Society of America determines such information will be beneficial to its donors and/or the general public. If this occurs, the Autism Society of America will not provide the entity wishing access to the donors any information about who the Autism Society of America sent the information.
Any individual may request at any time to op out of receiving messages or mail (either thru email, social media, or regular mail) from the Autism Society of America by simply sending an email or mail to:
John Dabrowski
CFO/COO
Autism Society of America
4340 East West Highway, Suite 350
Bethesda, MD   20814
or
via email at jdabrowski@autism-society.org.
When sending either an email or letter to Mr. Dabrowski, please note if via email on the subject line write “OP OUT.”  If you choose to send a letter via the regular mail, then please put on that letter subject item “OP OUT.”  Unless specified otherwise, upon receipt of an OP OUT request, we will stop sending you any mail or messages unless you note in your OP OUT request that only specific type of messaging or mail be stopped.
Any employee of the Autism Society of America who is found to violate this policy will have his or her employment immediately terminated and a decision will be made by the Autism Society of America if further legal action is required to be taken against the individual. If any volunteer of the Autism Society of America is found to violate this policy, he or she will immediately be removed as a volunteer and the Autism Society of America will determine if further legal action is required to be taken against the volunteer. If anyone else is found to have accessed any confidential donor database without authorized permission, legal authorities will be immediately notified.
Share:
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Open element in lightbox
Our site uses cookies.
This website uses 'cookies' to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you're Ok with this.
I Understand