https://www.entltd.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
About
Locations
Contact
Menu
Close
Ear, Nose and Throat, Ltd, is staying up-to-date on the latest information. We continue to monitor Governor Northam's directions as well as the CDC and WHO, please remember, despite all the precautions and cleaning, an office cannot reduce the risk to zero; it is the patient's final decision to come in for an appointment. Please note: ONLY THE PATIENT IS ALLOWED INTO THE OFFICE, MINORS WITH ONE PARENT.Learn More
Request Appointment
Patient Portal
Home
About Us
About Us
Our Staff
Our Locations
Ear & Hearing
Ear
Acoustic Neuromas
Cholesteatoma
Ear Infection
Ear Tubes
Earache
Earwax Removal
Mastoid Surgery
Otosclerosis
Eardrum Perforation
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss
Protecting Your Hearing
Hearing Loss & Dementia
Single Sided Deafness
Hearing Tests
Communication Strategies
Newborn Hearing Screenings
Pediatric Hearing Loss
Newborn Hearing Loss
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Overview
Hearing Aid Styles
Hearing Aid Pricing (with financing options)
Hearing Aid Fitting & Counseling
Hearing Aid Service & Repairs
Hearing Aid Accessories
Pediatric Hearing Aids
Bone Anchored Hearing Devices
Balance & Tinnitus
Tinnitus
Tinnitus Treatments
Tinnitus Evaluations
Balance Disorders
Dizziness & Balance
Balance & Vestibular Testing
Nose & Allergy
Nose
Deviated Septum
Loss of Smell
Nasal Fracture
Nasal Obstructions
Nasal Polyps
Nosebleeds
Nasal Congestion
Turbinate Reduction
Allergy
Allergy Overview
Allergies
Allergy Treatments
Types of Allergies
Allergy Symptoms
Asthma
Allergy Testing
Pediatric Allergy
Sinus
Sinusitis
FESS/Endoscopic Sinus Surgery
Balloon Sinuplasty
Nasal & Sinus Surgery
Rhinitis
Pediatric Sinus
Throat & Speech
Throat
Airway Problems
Chronic Cough
Hoarseness
Laryngitis
Neck & Throat Cancer
Postnasal Drip
Reflux
Salivary Glands
Thyroid
Tonsils & Adenoids
UPPP
Speech & Swallowing
Aphasia
Auditory Verbal Therapy
Language Disorders
Speech Audiometry
Speech Sound Disorders
Speech Therapy
Swallowing Disorders
Voice Disorders
Speech Delay
Pediatrics
Pediatric Overview
Facial Plastics
Plastic Surgery
Botox
Brow Lift
Chemical Peels
Earlobe Repair
Eyelid Surgery
Injectable Facial Rejuvenation
Injectable Fillers
Rhinoplasty
Juvederm
Otoplasty
Reconstructive Ear Surgery
Scar Revisions
Septoplasty
Head & Neck Surgery
Facial Skin Cancer
Head & Neck Cancer
Head & Neck Masses
Skin Cancer Surgery
Skin Lesions
Skull Base Tumors
Transnasal Esophagoscopy (TNE)
Tumors
Resources
Patient Forms
Insurance
Financing
HIPAA Statement
Contact
Search
Search for:
Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using the https://www.entltd.com website (the “Service”) operated by Ear, Nose and Throat, LTD (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Ear, Nose and Throat, LTD and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Ear, Nose and Throat, LTD.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Ear, Nose and Throat, LTD.
Ear, Nose and Throat, LTD has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Ear, Nose and Throat, LTD shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of [=STATE=], United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30-day notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:
https://www.entltd.com
885 Kempsville Rd. Suite 221,Norfolk, VA 23502
(757) 623-0526
Name*Email*
Phone*
Please prove you are human by selecting the Icon
Varies
Ear, Nose and Throat LTD | 885 Kempsville Rd. Suite 304 Norfolk, VA 23502 |
Office:(757) 623-0526