http://www.weight.com/home/privacy
Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: 01/01/2007
Actilean Respects Your Privacy
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We take our obligation to safeguard and secure your personal information very seriously.
We want you to understand how we protect your privacy and how we collect and use your information.
Table of Contents
Summary
The Information We Collect
Information We Obtain From You
Information About You
The Information We Disclose
Confidentiality and Security
Additional Information for Our Website Users
Changes to This Privacy Policy
What to Do If You Have Privacy or Security Concerns
Summary
This summary tells you the basics of our privacy commitment to you-how we collect and use your information, how we protect it, and who can see it. You should read the entire privacy policy below for full details.
We obtain personal information from you directly, from your Registration and use of the Actilean web site, your transactions with us and from information you provide through your participation in the interactive weight loss program.
We will not sell your information to third parties.
Any third parties who perform services for us, including analysis and audits of weight loss data, are required to safeguard all customer information and may only use it in connection with performing those services and may not make individual information available for any other use without your consent.
We extensively secure and limit access to your information.
We protect information about potential, current, and former customers.
The Information We Collect
Non-public personally identifiable information ("Information") is information that specifically identifies or is associated with you and is not available to the general public. The following sections tell you more about how and when we collect your Information.
Information We Obtain From You
During Registration and participation in the weight loss program or purchase of products, you may give us Information such as your:
name
address
phone number
email address
gender
height and weight
amount of exercise
age
If you gave us your email address, Actilean may use it from time to time to notify you of such things as new services, special offers, or to confirm transactions. If you do not wish to receive emails for non-program related communications, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions at the bottom of any Actilean email you receive.
Information About You
The interactive weight loss program necessarily collects Information about you including transactions, height, weight, BMI, sex, and age.
The program also maintains records of your progress toward weight loss goals.
The Information We Disclose
Information about our customers or former customers will only be disclosed as permitted or required by law. Information about you that has been collected is maintained in your customer record.
We use this Information to process, service and maintain your account, measure your progress, and to advise you concerning your participation in the program.
Following are some examples of how we may disclose Information:
Information may be used by us or provided to organizations with whom we have are affiliated or partnered to service your account.
Information may be provided for research or audits or reproduced and distributed by Actilean or its affiliates in the form of studies that do not identify any individuals.
No individual will be associated with Information in studies or audits without their written consent.
Any organization to which such information is provided will be required to agree not to disclose the Information to others and that the Information will be returned to us or destroyed when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was provided.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access to your Information to employees or contractors who we have determined need it in order to provide products or services to you. We train our employees to safeguard customer information and respect confidentiality. We maintain
physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your Information from unauthorized access by third parties.
We do not maintain your credit card information on our servers.
Additional Information for Our Web Site Users
We continuously seek to improve Actilean.com. We are interested in how visitors use our website, what they like and dislike, and where they have problems. We may gather data on how users navigate our site so we can make Actilean.com an easy place to visit and accomplish the user’s goals. Our tools may gather data such as what browsers are used, what pages are most popular and similar information.
We use cookies to improve your experience while using Actilean.com. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you. They help us personalize your experience when you return to our website, and they are required for certain portions of our website. Most browsers let you determine whether or not you accept our cookies. If you don't use cookies, you won't be able to use certain Actilean.com features.
Actilean.com may place small pieces of computer code (embedded objects) on our pages to help our advertising partners count how many customers they have referred to our site. We may use these objects to track how many customers referred to us by others actually make purchases. We may also use objects placed on other sites to monitor exposure to our advertising or other offers online. These objects don't collect any personally identifiable information about you.
We may provide some links to third-party websites that are not owned by Actilean. Actilean has no control over their privacy practices and assumes no responsibility in connection with your use of their websites. We recommend that you check the privacy policy of any other website before you provide any personally identifiable information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may modify our privacy policy from time to time. The most recent version is always posted at Actilean.com. Each of our Registered Users should review a our privacy policy at least once per year. Any change in our privacy policy will be immediately posted online.
What to Do if You Have Privacy or Security Concerns
If you have a concern about privacy or security at Actilean, we want to hear about it.
Please write to us at:
Privacy Administration
Actilean, Inc.
12321 E. Carson St, Suite 1
Hawaiian Gardens, CA (U.S.) 90716
Voice: 562-493-1237
The Effective Date of the revised Privacy Policy is January 1, 2007