http://www.downsvets.co.uk/data-retention-policy/
Data Retention Policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
Appointments 0117 962 2828
Home
Our services
Veterinary referrals
Meet the team
Pet care resources
Contact and directions
0117 962 2828
Data Retention Policy
Data Retention Policy
Due to the nature of our business we need to store data for a long time. We have relationships with many pet owners for the lifetime of the pet and then subsequent pets. Some pet insurance companies require history from the pet’s birth before assessing any insurance claim.
The record keeping requirements for veterinary medicinal products are set out in the Veterinary Medicines Regulations. Records of the retail supply (which includes administration) of POM-V and POM-VPS medicines must be kept for 5 years.
The record keeping requirements from HMRC is 6 years plus current year.
To determine the appropriate retention period for data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve the applicable legal requirements by other means.
So, unless the customer requests us to remove them, we retain data for a minimum of 20 years after last contact, after which it may be securely deleted.
We store your data as securely as is practical. It is stored on computer hard drives in a few locations throughout the practice and on external hard drives for backup purposes. These backup drives are stored, when not in use, in a fireproof safe at the practice and one copy is removed from site by an authorised person.
If you have questions about this policy, please email us or phone 0117 962 2828.
You may also see our privacy policy here.
The Downs Veterinary Practice. Call 0117 962 2828 or email info@downsvets.co.uk59 Great Brockeridge, Westbury-on-Trym, Bristol, BS9 3UA
Terms of Business Data Retention Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies for essential functions and anonymous visitor statistics. Please check our privacy policy and terms of business.Accept