https://www.hackensackmeridianhealth.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyThe Internet is an amazing tool. It has the power to change the way we live, and we’re starting to see that potential today. With only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, and communicate with others from around the world. It’s important to Hackensack Meridian Health to help our customers retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the Internet has to offer. We believe your business is no one else’s. Your privacy is important to you and to us. So we’ll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, Hackensack Meridian Health follows different principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection. We won’t sell or give away you name, mail address, phone number, email address or any other information to anyone.  We’ll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.NOTICEWe will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create a Registration ID on the site or when you download free software, enter a contest, order email newsletters or join a limited-access premium site. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes:To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.To help you quickly find software, services or information.To help us create content most relevant to you.To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Hackensack Meridian Health.CONSENTIf you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of https://hackensackmeridianhealth.org/. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration. If you decide to register, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding Hackensack Meridian Health products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from Hackensack Meridian Health. Hackensack Meridian Health occasionally allows other companies to offer our registered customers information about their products and services, using postal mail only. If you do not want to receive these offers, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties.Contact UsHIPAA Privacy Practices
Array
(
)Share This Page