https://www.psychiatry.org/about-apa/read-apa-organization-documents-and-policies
As described in the Privacy Policy of the American Psychiatric Association (APA), this website & application utilize cookies. By closing this message, continuing the navigation or otherwise continuing to view the APA's websites & applications, you confirm that you understand and accept the terms of the APA's Privacy Policy, including the use of cookies. Read Our Privacy Policy
I agree
About APA
About APAAPA's Vision, Mission, Values, and GoalsMeet Our OrganizationRead APA Organization Documents and PoliciesWork at APAAPA HeadquartersContact Us
APA Organization Documents and Policies
View APA's Bylaws, Operations Manual, policies and other organizational documents below.
APA Bylaws
The APA Bylaws provide the framework for its operation. The Bylaws outline the purpose of APA and define the authority of the Board of Trustees, officers, councils, and other organizational bodies.
Download
APA Operations Manual
The APA Operation Manual — in accordance with the Bylaws — serves as a guide for implementation of policies and procedures.
The Operations Manual defines the structure and procedures of APA's:
governing bodies
components
membership
finances
meetings
publications
liaisons
corporate affiliates
central office
Download
Library and Archives
Access task force reports, resource documents, manuscripts and conference publications.
View More
Action Paper Central
The Action Item Tracking System tracks the status of governance actions (including action papers and position statements) through the Assembly, Joint Reference Committee, and Board of Trustees.
View More
Disclosure of Interest Policy
APA believes that maximum transparency regarding participants’ affiliations and interests is critically important and in the best interests of the Association. APA has adopted policies regarding disclosure of interests and affiliations and potential conflicts of interest. These procedures are followed to ensure the integrity of APA’s policies, positions, publications, and other programs and services.
Download
Learn About Ethics and How to Report an Ethics Complaint
All APA members are bound by the ethics code of the medical profession, specifically defined in the Principles of Medical Ethics of the American Medical Association and in APA’s Principles of Medical Ethics With Annotations Especially Applicable to Psychiatry.
View More
Strategic Plan
APA's Board of Trustees approved the following recommendations of the Ad Hoc Work Group on Strategic Planning at the Board's March 2015 meeting.
View More
Annual and Financial Reports
View APA's previous annual and financial reports.
View More
Policy Finder
Search the policy finder for official APA position statements.
View More
Meetings & Events
May2021012021 Annual MeetingVirtualSat,
May
01
-
Wed,
May
05Oct2021082021 Mental Health Services ConferenceVirtual MeetingFri,
Oct
08
-
Sat,
Oct
09