https://www.hwmh.ca/patients-visitors/hospital-policy/
Patients & Visitors
Hospital Policy
Home
Patients & Visitors
Hospital Policy
STATEMENT OF INFORMATION PRACTICES
Collection of Personal Health Information
We collect personal health information about you directly from you or from the person acting on your behalf. The personal health information that we collect may include, for example, your name, date of birth, address, health history, records of your visits to the Haldimand War Memorial Hospital and the care that you received during those visits. Occasionally, we collect personal health information about you from other sources if we have obtained your consent to do so or if the law permits.
Uses and Disclosures of Personal Health Information
We use and disclose your personal health information to:
Treat and care for you;
Get payment for your treatment and care (from OHIP, WSIB, your private insurer or others);
Plan, administer and manage our internal operations;
Conduct risk management activities;
Conduct quality improvement activities (such as sending patient satisfaction surveys);
Teach medical students within the hospital;
Conduct research;
Compile statistics;
Provide your name and address only to our Hospital Foundation, who in turn fundraise to improve our healthcare services and programs;
Provide your name and room number only to visiting clergy, if you have provided your religious affiliation upon registration;
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements; and
Fulfill other purposes permitted or required by law.
Your Choices
You may access and correct your personal health records, or withdraw your consent for some of the above uses and disclosures by contacting us (subject to legal exceptions).
Important Information
We take steps to protect your personal health information from theft, loss and unauthorized access, copying, modification, use, disclosure and disposal.
We conduct audits and complete investigations to monitor and manage our privacy compliance.
We take steps to ensure that everyone who performs services for us protects your privacy and only uses your personal health information for the purposes you have consented to.
How to Contact Us
Our privacy contact person is Dan Hill.
For more information about our privacy protection practices, or to raise a concern you have with our practices, contact us at:
Dan Hill
Chief Financial Officer
Haldimand War Memorial Hospital
400 Broad Street West
Dunnville ON N1A 2P7
Tele: 905-774-7431 ext. 1408
Fax: 905-774-6776
You have the right to complain to the Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario if you think we have violated your rights. The Commissioner can be reached at:
Commissioner Ann Cavoukian
Information & Privacy Commissioner/Ontario
2 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400
Toronto ON M4W 1A8
Phone: (416) 326-3333 or 1-800-387-0073
Web: www.ipc.on.ca
E-mail: commissioner@ipc.on.ca
COVID-19 Updates
Patient Information
Hospital Policy
Access to Care
Quit Smoking
Patient Survey
Accessibility
Related Health Links
Quick LinksQuality & Performance
Patients & Visitors
Programs & Services
About Us
Careers
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Signup For Newsletter
Contact Us
400 Broad Street, Dunnville,
ON N1A 2P7
Canada
Phone: 905-774-7431
HWMH Copyright © 2019.