http://www.rwjuhhfoundation.org/why-rwjbarnabas-health-/privacy-and-nondiscrimination-notices/
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Content Only
High Contrast
Screen Mask
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Support
My Community
Support the RWJBarnabas Health Emergency Response Fund during this time of great need.
Support My Community
Gift Planning & Bequests
Upcoming Events
Give Now
Our Board & Staff
Get Involved
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Hamilton Foundation
Founded in 1984, the Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Hamilton Foundation
is a not-for-profit 501c3 organization that raises funds to support patient
care initiatives and capital projects for RWJ Hamilton and the Cancer
Institute of New Jersey Hamilton.
About Our Foundation
Would you like to start an online fundraiser to support Robert Wood Johnson
University Hospital Hamilton? You can invite family, friends and community
neighbors to join your fundraising team online.
Create a Fundraising Team
Amazon Smile
Support while you shop
Amazon will donate a portion of your purchase price to RWJUH Hamilton Foundation while you shop through smile.amazon.com.
Matching Gifts
Dollar for Dollar Matching
Find out from your Human Resources office if your employer provides a matching
gift benefit.
Planned Giving
Leave Your Legacy
Our Foundation prioritizes fulfilling benefactor intent for legacy gifts.
Alternative Donation Options
Gift by Phone or Mail
Our Foundation office will work with you directly if you are interested
in supporting Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Hamilton.
"They take a genuine interest in making a patient’s life more comfortable.”
Lou
Read More
"Giving back to the place where I received such amazing care is very important to me."
Rosaline
Read More
“They taught me how to adjust my lifestyle and eating habits, which took away the worry of having another heart attack.”
Ed
Read More
View All Giving Stories
Watch Testimonial
Watch Testimonial
Watch Testimonial