https://www.atlantaent.com/hipaa-notice-of-privacy-practices-for-personal-health-information/
Hipaa Notice Of Privacy Practices For Personal Health Information - AtlantaENT
Make An Appointment
Home
Services
Patient Resources
EMA Patient Portal
Insurance Information
Payment Center
Registration & Forms
Blog
About us
Atlanta ENT Introduction Video
Physicians and Allied Health Professionals
Locations & Contact
Make An Appointment
Testimonials
Hipaa Notice Of Privacy Practices For Personal Health Information
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices for Personal Health Information
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAYBE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION.
PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS NOTICE, PLEASE CONTACT Becky Mitchell, (404) 255-2918.
WHO WILL FOLLOW THIS NOTICE
This notice describes our facility’s privacy practices and that of:
Any physician or health care professional authorized to enter information into your medical chart.
All departments and units of our facility.
All employees, staff and other office personnel.
All these individuals. sites and locations follow the terms of this notice. In addition, these individuals, sites and locations may share medical information with each other or with third party specialists for treatment, payment or office operations purposes described in this notice.
OUR PLEDGE REGARDING MEDICAL INFORMATION:
We understand that medical information about you and your health is personal. We are committed to protecting medical information about you. We create a record of the care and services you receive at our facility. We need this record to provide you with quality care and to comply with certain legal requirements. This notice applies to all of the records of your care generated by our facility.
This notice will tell you about the ways in which we may use and disclose medical information about you. We also describe your rights and certain obligations we have regarding the use and disclosure of medical information.
We are required by law to:
Maintain the privacy of your Personal Health Information.
Provide you this notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to your Personal Health Information and follow the terms or this notice.
The main reasons for which we may use and may disclose your Personal Health Information are to evaluate and process any requests for coverage and claims for benefits you may make or in connection with other health-related benefits or services that may be of interest to you. The following describes these and other uses and disclosures, together with some examples.
Atlanta ENT, Sinus & Allergy Associates, P.C.
For Treatment: We may use medical information about you to provide you with medical treatment or services. We may disclose medical information about you to the facility’s office personnel who are involved in taking care of you at the facility or elsewhere. We also may disclose medical information about you to people outside our facility who may be involved in your care after you leave the facility, such as family members or others we use to provide services that are part of your care provided you have consented to such disclosure. These entities include third party physicians, hospital, nursing homes, pharmacies or clinical labs with whom the office consults or makes referrals.
For Payment: We may use and disclose medical information about you so that the treatment and services you receive at our office may be billed to and payment may be collected from you, an insurance company or a third party. For example, we may need to give your health plan information about procedures you received at the facility so your health plan will pay us or reimburse you for the services. We may also tell your health plan about a treatment you are going to receive to obtain prior approval or to determine whether your plan will cover the treatment.
For Health Care Operations: We may use and disclose medical information about you for our internal operations. These uses and disclosures are necessary to run our facility and. make sure that all of our patients receive quality care. For example, we may use medical information about you to review our treatment and services and to evaluate the performance of our staff in caring for you. We may also combine medical information about many patients to decide what additional services the facility should others. what services are not needed. and Whether certain new treatments are effective. We may also disclose information to our physicians. staff and other office personnel for review and learning purposes.
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care: We may release medical information about you to a friend or family member who is involved in your medical care provided you have consented to such disclosure. We may also give information to someone who helps pay for your care. In addition, we may disclose medical information about you to an entity assisting in a disaster relief effort so that your family can be notified about your condition, status and location.
Where Required by Law or for Public Health Activities: We disclose Personal Health Information when required by federal, state or local law. Examples of such mandatory disclosures include notifying state or local health authorities regarding particular communicable diseases, or providing Personal Health Information to a governmental agency or regulator with health care oversight responsibilities. We may also release Personal Health Information to a coroner or medical examiner to assist in identifying a deceased individual or to determine the cause of death.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety: We may disclose Personal Health Information to avert a serious threat to someone’s health or safety. We may also disclose Personal Health Information to federal. state or local agencies engaged in disaster relief as well as to private disaster relief or disaster assistance agencies to allow such entities to carry out their responsibilities in specific disaster situations.
For Health-Related Benefits or Services: We may use Personal Health Information to provide you with information about benefits available to you under your current coverage or policy and, in limited situations, about health-related products or services that may be of interest to you.
For Law Enforcement or Specific Government Functions: We may disclose Personal Health Information in response to a request by a law enforcement official made through a court order, subpoena, warrant, summons or similar process. We may disclose Personal Health Information about you to federal officials for intelligence, counterintelligence, and other national security activities authorized by law.
When Requested as Part of a Regulatory or Legal Proceeding: If you or your estates are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose Personal Health Information about you in response to a court or administrative order. We may also disclose Personal Health Information about you in response to a subpoena, discovery request or other lawful process by someone else involved in the dispute, but only if efforts have been made to tell you about the request or to obtain an order protecting the Personal Health Information requested. We may disclose Personal Health Information to any governmental agency or regulator with whom you have filed a complaint or as part of a regulatory agency examination.
Other Uses of Personal Health information: Other uses and disclosures of Personal Health Information not covered by this notice and permitted by the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written authorization or that of your legal representative. If we are authorized to use or disclose Personal Health Information about you, you or your legally authorized representative may revoke that authorization, in writing, at any time except to the extent that we have taken action relying on the authorization or if the authorization was obtained as a condition of obtaining your Health Insurance coverage. You should understand that we will not be able to take back any disclosures we have already made with authorization.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Health Information We Maintain About You
The following are your various rights as a consumer under HIPAA concerning your Personal Health Information.
Right to Inspect and Copy Your Personal Health Information: In most cases, you have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of the Personal Health Information that we maintain about you. To inspect and copy Personal Health Information, you must submit your request in writing to the applicable administrator listed above, to receive a copy of your Personal Health Information. You may be charged a fee for the costs of copying mailing or other supplies associated with your request. However, certain types of Personal Health Information will not be made available for inspection and copying, this includes psychotherapy notes and also includes Personal Health Information collected by us in connection with, or in reasonable anticipation of any claim or legal proceeding. In very limited circumstances we may deny your request to inspect and obtain a copy of your Personal Health Information. If we do, you may request that the denial be reviewed, The review will be conducted by an individual chosen by us who was not involved in the original decision to deny your request. We will comply with the outcome of that review.Right to Amend Your Personal Health Information: If you believe that your Personal Health Information is incorrect or that an important part of it is missing, you have the right to ask us to amend your Personal Health Information while it is kept by or for us. You must provide your request and your reason for the request in writing, and submit it to the applicable administrator listed above. We may deny your request if it is not in writing or does not include a reason that supports the request. In addition, we may deny your request if you ask us to amend Personal Health Information that:
Is accurate and complete.
Was not created by us, unless the person or entity that created the Personal Health Information is no longer available to make the amendment.
Is not part of the Personal Health Information kept by or for us; or is not part of the Personal Health Information which you would be permitted to inspect and copy.
Other Uses of Medical Information: Other uses and disclosures of medical information not covered by this notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written permission. If you provide us permission to use or disclose medical information about you, you may revoke that permission, in writing, at any time. If you revoke your permission, we will no longer use or disclose medical information about you for the reasons covered by your written authorization. You understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures we have already made with your permission. and that we are required to retain our records of the care that we provided to you.
Right to an Accounting of Disclosures: You have the right to request a list of the disclosures we have made of Personal Health Information about you. This list will not include disclosures made for treatment, payment, health care operations, for purposes of national security, made to law enforcement or to corrections personnel or made pursuant to your authorization or made directly to you. To request this list, you must submit your request in writing to the applicable administrator listed above. Your request must state the time period from which you want to receive a list of disclosures. The time period may not be longer than six years and may not include dates before April 14, 2003. Your request should indicate in what form you want the list (for example, on paper or electronically). The first list you request within a 12-month period will be free. We may charge you for responding to any additional requests. We will notify you of the cost involved and you may choose to withdraw or modify your request at that time before any costs are incurred.
Right to Request Restrictions: You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on Personal Heath Information we use or disclose about you for treatment, payment or health care operations, or that we disclose to someone who may be involved in your care or payment for your care, like a family member or friend. While we will consider your request, we are not required to agree to it. If we do agree to it, we will comply with your request. To request a restriction, you must make your request in writing to the applicable administrator listed above. In your request, you must tell us (1) what information you want to limit; (2) whether you want to limit our use, disclosure or both; and (3) to whom you want the limits to apply (for example, disclosures to your spouse or parent). We will not agree to restrictions on Personal Health Information uses or disclosures that are legally required, or which are necessary to administer our business.
Right to Request Confidential Communications: You have the right to request that we communicate with you about Personal Health Information in a certain way or at a certain location if you tell us that communication in another manner may endanger you. For example, you can ask that we only contact you at work or by mail. To request confidential communications, you must make your request in writing to the applicable administrator listed above and specify how or where you wish to be contacted. We will accommodate all reasonable requests.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Right to File a Complaint: If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with us, please contact us at Atlanta ENT, Sinus and Allergy Associates, c/o Privacy Officer, 5555 Peachtree Dunwoody Road Suite 235, Atlanta, GA 30342 (404) 255-2918.
All complaints must be submitted in writing. You will not be penalized for filing a complaint.
If you have questions as to how to tile a complaint please contact us at Atlanta ENT, Sinus and Allergy Associates, c/o Privacy Officer, 5555 Peachtree Dunwoody Road Suite 235, Atlanta, GA 30342, (404) 255-2918.
Changes to This Notice: We reserve the right to change the terms of this notice at any time. We reserve the right to make the revised or changed notice effective for Personal Health Information we already have about you as well as any Personal Health Information we receive in the future. The effective date of this notice and any revised or changed notice may be found on the last page, on the bottom right hand comer of the notice. You will receive a copy of any revised notice from us by mail or by email. but only if email delivery is offered by us and you agree to such delivery.
Get In Touch The Atlanta ENT office will contact you to confirm an appointment time.
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT
Locations Atlanta ENT has offices conveniently located in Atlanta GA.
Contact us today for an appointment.
Sandy Springs The Medical Quarters
5555 Peachtree-Dunwoody Road
Suite 125
Atlanta, GA 30342
Phone: 404.255.2918
Fax: 404.255.5837
North Druid Hills 17 Executive Park Drive
Suite 250
Atlanta, GA 30329
Phone: 678.904.4390
Fax: 678.904.4395
Social
© 2019 Atlanta ENT, inc.  |  HIPPA Privacy Policy
Consent to Use of TELEMED Services
If you would like to schedule a TELEMED appointment please call 404-255-2918 and then we must receive the consent after the appointment has been scheduled.
In this Consent to Use of TELEMED Services the terms “you” and “yours” refer to the person using the modmed mobile application , any part thereof, or anything associated therewith, including its content and any products or services provided through the Application (collectively, the “Service”), or in the case of a use of the Service by or on behalf of a minor, “you” and “yours” refer to and include (i) the parent or legal guardian who provides consent to the use of the Service by such minor or uses the Service on behalf of such minor, and (ii) the minor for whom consent is being provided or on whose behalf the Service is being utilized.
When using the Service, you will be consulting with your healthcare provider(s) (“Providers”) solely via the use of modmed mobile application.  Telemed involves the delivery of healthcare services by a provider of Atlanta ENT, Sinus & Allergy Associates using electronic communications, information technology or other means between a healthcare provider and a patient who are not in the same physical location. Telemed may be used for diagnosis, treatment, follow-up and/or patient education, and may include, but is not limited to, one or more of the following:
–    Electronic transmission of medical records, photo images, personal health information or other data between a patient and a healthcare provider
–    Interactions between a patient and healthcare provider via audio, video and/or data communications
–    Use of output data from medical devices, sound and video files
The medical care and treatment provided to you by your Provider(s) through the Service will be provided via modmed mobile application.
Anticipated Benefits:
The use of Telemed by your Provider(s) through the Service may have the following possible benefits:
–    Making it easier and more efficient for you to access medical care and treatment for the conditions treated by such Provider(s) utilizing the Service
–    Allowing you to obtain medical care and treatment by Provider(s) at times that are convenient for you
–    Enabling you to interact with Provider(s) without the necessity of an in-office appointment.
Possible Risks:
While the use of Telemed services can provide potential benefits for you, there are also potential risks associated with the use of Telemed services. These risks include, but may not be limited to the following:
–    The information transmitted to your Provider(s) may not be sufficient (e.g. poor resolution of images) to allow for appropriate medical decision making by the Provider(s)
–    The inability of your Provider(s) to conduct certain tests or assess vital signs in-person may in some cases prevent the Provider(s) from providing a diagnosis or treatment or from identifying the need for emergency medical care or treatment for you
–    Your Provider(s) may not able to provide medical treatment for your particular condition and you may be required to seek alternative healthcare or emergency care services
–    Delays in medical evaluation/treatment could occur due to unavailability of your Provider(s) or deficiencies or failures of the technology or electronic equipment used
–    The electronic systems or other security protocols or safeguards used in the Service could fail, causing a breach of privacy of your medical or other information
-    Given regulatory requirements in certain jurisdictions, your Provider(s) diagnosis and/or treatment options, especially pertaining to certain prescriptions, may be limited
–    A lack of access to all of your medical records may result in adverse drug interactions or allergic reactions or other judgment errors
By clicking “AGREE” you understand, agree and provide your consent, on behalf of yourself and the minor child using the Service or on whose behalf the Service is being utilized, with respect to the following:
1. Modernizing Medicine, Inc. (“MMI”) is not a healthcare provider, and your Provider(s) will be solely responsible for any medical care and treatment provided or failed to be provided via the Service.
2. All medical care and treatment you receive from your Provider(s) using the Service will be provided using Telemed services.
3. The delivery of healthcare services via Telemed services is an evolving field and the use of Telemed service in your medical care and treatment from Provider(s) may include uses of technology different from those described in this modmed mobile application. Consent or not specifically described in this Telemed service Consent.
4. No potential benefits from the use of Telemed service or specific results can be guaranteed. Your condition may not be cured or improved, and in some cases, may get worse.
5. There are limitations in the provision of medical care and treatment via Telemed services and the Service and you may not be able to receive diagnosis and/or treatment through the Service for every condition for which you seek diagnosis and/or treatment.
6. There are potential risks to the use of Telemed Services, including but not limited to the risks described in this TeleMed Consent.
7. Your Provider(s) have discussed the use of modmed mobile application and the Service with you, including the benefits and risks of such use and the alternatives to the use of Telemed Services, and you have provided oral consent to your Provider(s) for the use of modmed mobile application and the Service.
8. You have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of Telemed Services in the course of your care at any time, which you may exercise by providing written notice to bmitchell@atlantaent.com . The withdrawal of such consent will prevent you from using the Service, but you may continue to seek medical care and treatment from your Provider(s) outside of the Service and your withdrawal will not impair your rights to receive such medical care and treatment outside of the Service. Any withdrawal of your consent will be effective upon receipt of the written notice described above, except that such withdrawal will not have any effect on any action taken by your Provider(s) in reliance on this Telemed Consent before it received your written notice of withdrawal.
9. Nothing in this Telemed Consent modifies any rights you may have to review or receive a copy of your medical records from your Provider(s), including any information included in such medical records that has been transmitted to your Provider(s) through the Service.
10. You have read the Notice of Privacy Practices provided to you outside of the Service by your Provider(s) and you understand that your medical information is subject to all applicable laws regarding the confidentiality of such medical information. You have the right to access and amend your medical information as and to the extent permitted under applicable federal and state laws.
11. You understand that the use of Telemed Services involves electronic communication of your personal medical information to Provider(s) who may be located in other areas, including outside of the state in which you reside.
12. You understand that it is your duty to provide your Provider(s) truthful, accurate and complete information, including all relevant information regarding care that you may have received or may be receiving from other healthcare providers outside of the Service.
13. You understand that each of your Provider(s) may determine in his or sole discretion that your condition is not suitable for diagnosis and/or treatment using the Service, and that you may need to seek medical care and treatment from your Provider(s), or a specialist or other healthcare provider, outside of the Service.
14. You acknowledge that some photographic or other images you submit to the Service and that will be shared with Provider(s) hereby agree to the receipt of such images by your Provider(s) solely for the purposes of such Provider(s) providing you medical care and treatment via the Service.
15. You understand that you are fully responsible for payment for all fees billed to you through the Service.
16. You represent that (a) you have read this Telemed Consent carefully, (b) you understand the risks and benefits of the Service and the use of Telemed services in the medical care and treatment provided to you by Provider(s) using the Service, and (c) you have the legal capacity and authority to provide this consent for yourself and/or the minor for which you are consenting under applicable federal and state laws, including laws relating to the age of majority and/or parental/guardian consent.
17. You give your informed consent to the use of Telemed Service by Provider(s) using the Service under the terms described in the Terms of Use and this Telemed Consent.
BY CLICKING “SEND,” YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, ACCEPTED, AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THIS TELEMED CONSENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS TELEMED CONSENT, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE THE APPLICATION OR SERVICES.  YOU HEREBY GRANT AGENCY AUTHORITY TO ANY PARTY WHO CLICKS ON THE “AGREE” BUTTON ON YOUR BEHALF.
IF YOU HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, IMMEDIATELY CALL YOUR DOCTOR OR DIAL 911.
First Name (required)
Last Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Phone (required)
CLOSE