https://www.medicalsolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the website (“Site”) of Medical Solutions, L.L.C. (“Medical Solutions”, “we” or “us”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs our collection and use of data in connection with the Site.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the nature, purpose, use and sharing of any personal information that identifies or can be used to identify you, the visitors to our Site, as well as non-personally identifiable information that we may collect whenever you interact with the Site.  This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities, websites other than the Site or practices of third parties that we do not own or control, such as third party service providers featured on the Site or advertisers. If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site. Our postal address is: 1010 N 102nd Street, Suite 300 Omaha, NE 68114 We can be reached at the address above, via email at info@MedicalSolutions.com or by telephone at 1.866.633.3548. What information do we collect and how do we collect it? We collect the personal information you give us when you register on our Site, subscribe to our newsletter, order a product or service, fill out a form, or apply for a job. Such information may include your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, Social Security number, or other information regarding your qualifications as a healthcare provider. You may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We automatically collect certain kinds of non-personal information from you when you use our Site, including browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit webpages, click patterns, Session ID, and your computer’s IP address. We may on occasion supplement or correct the personal information you submit to us and your IP address with information in our other databases or information from third-party sources in order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, prevent fraud, and prevent abuse of our Site, as well as to provide more consistent, relevant experiences to our users. We may collect general information about use of the Site, such as what pages visitors access, the number of visits, average time spent on the Site and other similar factors. This information is generally collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually, although IP addresses and Session ID in relation to downloads may be tracked as part of our fraud prevention efforts. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To personalize your experience — your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs; To improve our Site – we continually strive to improve our Site offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you; To improve customer service- your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs; To process transactions – your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than as expressly described in the section entitled “Do we disclose any information to outside parties?”; To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other Site feature; To send periodic emails – the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or occasional company news, updates, and related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails from us, you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions set forth at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information you provide to us on or through the Site. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems. All such persons are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your personal information (e.g., credit cards, Social Security number) will be kept on file in order to continue serving your needs consistent with this Privacy Policy. Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about Site traffic and Site interaction, so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some portions of our Site or services may not function properly. However, you can still use our Site services by contacting customer service via telephone or email. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include our trusted third-party service providers who assist us in operating our Site, conducting our business, or servicing you. These third-party service providers are obligated to protect your information, and they do not use your personal information for their own commercial purposes. We may also release your personally identifiable information when we believe release is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information we collect may be provided to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Advertising We use third-party vendors, including Google, to show our ads on other websites on the internet. Some of these vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve the ads based on your prior visits to the Site. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. You may also opt out of other third-party online advertising vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page. We also use two remarketing services, including (1) Google’s Remarketing services, which are delivered in two ways: (a) Remarketing Dynamic Ads, which you may opt out of by visiting here; and (b) DoubleClick, which uses remarketing pixels, which you may opt out of by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page; and (2) AdRoll, which you may opt out of here. Third-party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to third-party websites on our Site. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback from you about these third-party sites. Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address: 1010 N 102nd Street, Suite 300 Omaha, Nebraska 68114 Online Privacy Policy Only This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Site and not to information collected offline or on third-party websites. Your Consent; Governing Law By using our Site, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. The Site is intended for users in the United States and those not governed by privacy laws of other countries.  Users outside of the United States are advised not to disclose personal information to us. The terms of this Privacy Policy are governed by and in accordance with the laws of the state of Nebraska. You should not provide us with any personal information unless you consent to the application of United States law and, where applicable, Nebraska law, and to the use and disclosure of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This Privacy Policy was last modified on September 30, 2016. Contacting Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below. Beacon
1010 N 102nd Street, Suite 300 Omaha, NE 68114 United States info@medicalsolutions.com 866.633.3548
Medical Solutions, LLC Privacy Notice for California Residents Effective Date: 1-1-2020 Last Reviewed on: December 31, 2019 This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Medical Solutions, LLC’s (“Medical Solutions” or “Company”) [HYPERLINKED URL TO GENERAL PRIVACY NOTICE] and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (”consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. About This Policy This policy provides notice of our online and offline information collection and use practices. It applies to information that we collect from you when you interact with us. This includes if you are a job applicant or employee. It also includes other users of our websites and apps. It may not include information we collect when we are collecting information as part of services we provide to others. Information We Collect Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”). In particular, Medical Solutions’ [WEBSITE] has collected the following categories of personal information from prospective job applicants and employees within the last twelve (12) months: Medical Solutions obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: • Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete in connection with seeking employment opportunities with/through our company. • From previous employers. For example, we may seek performance reviews from previous employers. • From third party health screening service providers. • From third party vendors that provide background screening services.
Category Examples Collected
A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). YES
D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. NO
E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. NO
G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. NO
H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO
I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. YES
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. YES
Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: • To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information in connection with inquiring about a job opportunity through/with us, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry or provide it to one of our clients who is seeking a permanent or temporary worker with your skills and interests. We may also save your information to facilitate new placement opportunities for you. • To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. • As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. • To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Medical Solutions’ assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Medical Solutions about our Website users is among the assets transferred. Medical Solutions will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information Medical Solutions may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: • Service providers. • Company clients • government and regulatory bodies. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose In the preceding twelve (12) months, Medical Solutions has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Category A: Identifiers. Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Category I: Professional or employment-related information. Category J: Non-public education information. Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information. We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: • Service providers. • Company clients • Government and regulatory bodies. Sales of Personal Information In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company had not sold personal information. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: • Deny you goods or services. • Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. • Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. • Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Changes to Our Privacy Notice Medical Solutions reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Medical Solutions collects and uses your information described herein and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone: 866.633.3548 Email: Privacy@medicalsolutions.com Postal Address: Medical Solutions Attn: Legal 1010 N. 102 Street, Omaha, NE 68114
About Us
Medical Solutions Gives
Careers
Blog
Job SeekersJob SeekersJobs
Resources
Benefits
Contact Us
ClientsClientsWorkforce Solutions
Resources
Contact Client Services
Stay in touch with us
facebook
instagram
youtube
twitter
Get in touch with us
Call us
Medical Solution's phone number:
1.866.633.3548
info@medicalsolutions.comEmail us
© 2020 Medical Solutions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Back to top