http://www.aspirin.ca/en/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement | Aspirin Canada
Report a Side Effect
FR >> BAYER GLOBAL
Heart Health Information
Heart Health Information
Heart Healthy Foods
Medication Reminder Tips
Talking to Your Doctor
Heart Health Terms Glossary
Exercise Basics
Additional Exercise Information
Fun Exercises
Sticking to Your Exercise Routine
Heart Healthy Foods
Medication Reminder Tips
Talking to Your Doctor
Heart Health Terms Glossary
Exercise Basics
Additional Exercise Information
Fun Exercises
Sticking to Your Exercise Routine
Surviving a Heart Attack
Surviving a Heart Attack
Heart Attack Risk Factors
Warning Signs & Symptoms of a Heart Attack
How ASPIRIN® 81mg Can Help Save Your Life During a Heart Attack
What to Do During a Suspected Heart Attack
Heart Attack Risk Factors
Warning Signs & Symptoms of a Heart Attack
How ASPIRIN® 81mg Can Help Save Your Life During a Heart Attack
What to Do During a Suspected Heart Attack
Pain Relief
Pain Relief
Learn About Pain & How ASPIRIN® Can Help Relieve It
Trusted Pain Relief
Learn About Pain & How ASPIRIN® Can Help Relieve It
Trusted Pain Relief
Products
Products
ASPIRIN® 81MG DAILY LOW DOSE ASPIRIN® 81mg Enteric Coated
ASPIRIN® 81mg Quick Chews®
ASPIRIN® FOR PAIN RELIEF ASPIRIN® Regular Strength
ASPIRIN® Extra Strength
ASPIRIN® Coated Regular Strength
ASPIRIN® 81MG DAILY LOW DOSE ASPIRIN® 81mg Enteric Coated
ASPIRIN® 81mg Quick Chews®
ASPIRIN® FOR PAIN RELIEF ASPIRIN® Regular Strength
ASPIRIN® Extra Strength
ASPIRIN® Coated Regular Strength
FAQs
Report a Side Effect
BAYER GLOBAL
Privacy Statement
1. Privacy Statement
Welcome to www.aspirin.ca (the “website”), administered by Bayer Inc. (“Bayer”). This website is intended for Canadian residents only and is subject to all applicable Canadian laws.
This Privacy Statement outlines how personal information about you is collected, used, disclosed and otherwise processed by Bayer with respect to your use and interaction with Bayer via this website as well as through other online activities involving Bayer products and services (“Services”). This Privacy Statement also applies to the personal data we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Bayer in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
2. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is information about an identifiable individual. Personal data does not generally include business names and business contact information used in a commercial context.
You can use our website without disclosing your personal data. You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our website, except as may be necessary to provide you a product or service at your request. When you visit our website, Bayer collects technical data including the name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our website, the websites that you visit from our website and your IP-Address. This data could possibly lead to your identification if combined with other information that would identify you, but we do not use it to do so. We do use the data from time to time for statistical purposes, but maintain the anonymity of each individual user so that the person cannot be identified. Aggregated, statistical or de-identified data is not personal data. See "Use of Cookies and Technical Data" for more information.
3. Consent to Collection of Data
By using this website or other Services and by voluntarily submitting your personal information to us, you are consenting to the practices in this Privacy Statement and any applicable terms of use. If you are submitting the personal data of other others, such as patients, you are responsible for obtaining their consent to the disclosure of their information to Bayer, as may be required by law.
In cases when personal data is provided to others to provide you products or services you have requested, or for other purposes you have authorized, we rely on technical and organizational means to assure that applicable data security regulations are followed.
4. How does Bayer Collect Personal Data?
Generally, we only collect personal data when you provide it to us, through registration, completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products or services, inquiries or requests about materials being ordered and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information to us. If you do not want your personal information collected, do not provide it to us.
Bayer may also collect personal data about you from our sales, advertising and business partners. We may also collect data about you that is publicly available in online directories or other websites. If you interact with our website or other digital features, we may automatically collect technical data about you. This data may be combined and enriched with other identifiable information. See section 10 – Use of Cookies and Technical Data for more.
5. What type of personal data does Bayer collect?
Examples of personal data we collect and use are:
Contact information, such as full name, email address, telephone number and mailing address
Usernames and passwords
Business and professional information, such as title, practice, specialty, education, certification, accreditation, association
Expertise and special interests, such as degrees, therapeutic specialty, specific disease expertise, practice setting, years of practice, department
Banking and other information as required to pay honorariums and make travel arrangements
Demographic information including age, gender, images and videos
Consumer and professional preferences and comments, including with respect to Bayer Services
Clinical trial data, including demographic, medical and health information of patients
Data that must be reported to Health Canada and other regulatory bodies
Sensitive health and patient data provided to Bayer through adverse event reports, recalls or other notifications
Information submitted through Bayer chat boards, health centers, consumer and professional contact forms and call lines
Information you provide when you contact us, provide feedback, make a complaint or other inquiry
6. How do we use the data?
The data we collect will be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested Services or for other purposes for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law. For health care professionals, researchers, scientists and other professionals, the information we collect is primarily to continue and improve our client relationship with you. The information collected assists in maintaining our client relationship management databases, including with Bayer Global. Other purposes may include:
Creating and managing your user account
Providing our programs, clinical trials, research programs and events
Providing you with approved medical or scientific information
Administering travel arrangements to industry events provided by Bayer and our partners
Meet our obligations required by applicable laws, i.e. reporting to Health Canada, enforcing our terms
Analyze the accuracy and effectiveness or our website and Services, including administer, troubleshoot and enhance the website and Services
Analyze data, identify trends and issues and create statistical reports
Administer contests, promotions and surveys
Test and analyze our Services for efficacy, safety and enhancements
Establish and maintain our business relationship with you
Responding to inquiries, complaints and other communications
The data we collect will also be used to improve the content of our website, and may be used to contact you via e-mail or by regular mail, to provide you with information that we believe to be of interest to you, process and store the information provided so that we are able to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services and to provide you with health-related information or services that we believe would be of interest to you. See “Your Options” to learn what choices you have.
7. Does Bayer share or disclose personal data?
Bayer may share and disclose personal and technical data in the following circumstances:
Bayer Network: Bayer is part of the Bayer Group - a global company. Bayer may transfer any information received to one or more of its affiliated companies in other countries and regions of the world. We do not sell or transfer the information you send to us to others outside of our company.
Service Providers: Like many businesses, Bayer uses third party service provides to assist in administering and providing the website and our Services. Providers assist Bayer in data storage, website hosting, marketing, customer service, mailing, etc. Your personal data will not be passed by our service providers for use by third parties in any form whatsoever, unless we have obtained your consent or are legally required to do so.
Legal Requests and Obligations: Bayer may disclose personal data when required by law, such as to respond to court orders, subpoenas or other legal processes by authorities with jurisdiction. Bayer may disclose data to meet its obligations to health and drug regulators.
Business Transfer: Bayer may transfer or assign your personal data as a result of, or in connection of a merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or other business transaction.
8. Where is Data Stored?
The database and its contents remain at our company and stay with data processors or servers acting on our behalf and responsible to us.
Some of this data may be stored or processed at computers located in other jurisdictions, such as the United States and Europe, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. Subject to applicable laws in such other jurisdictions, we will ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the data that are equivalent to those that apply in the country in which you live.
9. How long is Data Retained?
We only retain personal data for as long as is necessary for us to render a service you have requested or to which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law (e.g. in connection with pending litigation).
10. Use of Cookies and Technical Data
Like many websites, Bayer automatically collects technical data when you visit and use our website.
Cookies: Cookies, scripts, pixel tags, etags, web beacons and other similar technologies (“cookies”) are identifiers that enable our websites to provide the Services to you. If you opted in to receive cookies, we will use cookies to collect information on how users navigate our website, personalize content and provide targeted advertisements through third party advertising networks when you visit other sites. There are two types of cookies used on our sites:
Persistent cookies: may be used if you log on to restricted areas of our website to remember who you are. No personal data is stored on your computer.
Session cookies: may be used for anonymous identification of a website visit for technical purposes only. Session cookies are stored only temporarily during the browsing sessions and are deleted once the browser is closed.
The data we collect could include information like region, age range, demographic, language, etc. to be able to provide you a more personalized experience and deliver content more relevant to your interests. While we do leverage the information we collect in aggregate to deliver more relevant advertisements and offers to you on other third party websites as you navigate the Internet, we do not share your personal information with any third party vendor or website owner for their own marketing purposes.
Because an industry-standard Do-Not-Track protocol is not yet established, Bayer’s information collection and disclosure practices and the choices it offers to consumers will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy regardless of a “do not track” choice made by the consumer. See Section 11 – Interest Based Advertising to learn how to opt-out.
Most browsers are set-up to accept these cookies automatically. In addition, you can deactivate the storing of cookies or adjust your browser to inform you before the cookie is stored on your computer.
IP Addresses: We may collect your IP address when you visit our website to help us diagnose problems with our main computers, to administer the website and system, to report aggregated information to our partners, to assist in marketing practices and to audit the use of our website. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. In limited circumstances, we may use IP addresses to help us identify you when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our General Conditions of Use or to protect our Services, website, users or others.
Analytics: Bayer uses third party analytics service providers, such as Google and other, to help better understand how visitors use our website. These technologies may record information such as how often you visit our website, which pages and features you frequent, aggregated use and performance data. This data may be aggregated and analyzed to help Bayer provide you with a better online experience.
Optional Cookies
Cookie(s)
Purpose and content
Consent
Google Tag Manager
Web analysis:
These Cookies enable us to analyse your use of this website by assigning a unique and randomly generated ID to your device that lets us recognize your device upon your next visit.
Lifespan: 6 months
Provider: Google Inc.
11. Interest Based Advertising
Through the use of cookies and other technologies, Bayer and our third party service providers on our behalf, may analyze certain data to develop insights to optimize our advertising and marketing programs to deliver ads which may be of interest to you. Our analytics, for advertising and other purposes, are based on technical or other anonymous or aggregate information. You may delete or opt-out of this anonymous tracking and analysis at any time by altering your cookie settings and/or deleting cookies. More information on these opt-outs is provided below and in Section 15 – Your Options.
If you opted-in, we may collect certain information from you, including demographic, profile, region, contact, preference information. This information may be combined with technical data collected via cookies. Together, we may use this data to target advertisements to ranges of groups and demographics, using a third party service provider, such as Google DoubleClick. We do not collect or use health or other sensitive personal information for advertising or marketing purposes.
If you opted-in, we may share aggregated sets of data to a third party to assist in providing ads we feel may be relevant to you on third party sites. We do not share personal information to third parties for advertising, or for their own use. You may control your preferences or revoke consent to future participation in these analytics or marketing programs at any time.
Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your browsing interests valuable, if you no longer wish to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can opt-out of this activity by visiting the:
Google DoubleClick: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/,
and
Digital Advertising Association of Canada at http://youradchoices.ca/choices/.
See Section 15 – Your Options to learn what other choices you have.
12. How is Data kept Secure?
Bayer uses technical and organizational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or unauthorized access, use, disclosure or alteration. Third parties that process personal data on our behalf are contractually obligated to safeguard data and only use the data provided to them for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement.
Our security procedures are continuously revised based on new technological developments.
13. Children
In light of the importance of protecting children's privacy, we do not collect, process or use on our website any information relating to an individual whom we know to be under 13 years old without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative. Such legal representative has the right, upon request, to view the information provided by the child and/or to require that it be deleted.
Bayer does not intend this website for child audiences, and has no intention of collecting personally-identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number) from children under 18 years old. If you discover that your child has provided us with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian of the child contact us at contactbayer@bayer.com to have this information deleted from our records.
14. What About Third Party Links?
Our website may be linked from another website, or have links to other websites such as social media platforms. This Privacy Statement only relates to our collection and use of your data on this website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other third party websites, including from any provided links. If you would like information on any other party’s privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so.
15. Your Options
Update your information:
If you have an account with Bayer, you can update or make changes to your personal data by logging into your profile. If you do not have a profile with Bayer, please see "Access and Update Requests".
Access and Update Requests: You have the right to review and amend any personal data stored in our system. Just send your request in writing to: contactbayer@bayer.com. Bayer will provide you with access to your personal data that is in our possession, subject to certain exceptions, including data that is referenced to another individual’s personal information that we cannot sever, or information subject to solicitor-client privilege, or other legal restrictions that may prevent us from fulfilling your access request.
Interest based Advertising: If you no longer with to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can opt-out of this activity by visiting the:
i. Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, and
ii. Digital Advertising Association of Canada at http://youradchoices.ca/choices/.
If you opt-out, please note you may still receive ads from Bayer but they are not part of targeted advertising.
Opt-out of promotional communications: In the event you wish to unsubscribe from receiving promotional communications from Bayer, you may opt-out by:
Removing yourself by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of an email we send you, or
Contact us at: contactbayer@bayer.com
If you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, such as notifications regarding our business relationship with you, important notices regarding our Services, or as otherwise consistent with applicable law.
Right of Cancellation: You have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future. Again, just send an e-mail to the address given in the imprint or contact the Privacy Officer or the Data Security Officer at the information below.
16. Contact Us
If you wish to know what information we have in our files about you, ask a question about the information in your file or request a change to the information in your file, please contact:
Jacqueline De Gagné
Privacy Officer
Phone: 905-282-555
Fax: 905-282-5727
Email: contactbayer@bayer.com
17. Head of Data Privacy
Eva Gardyan-Eisenlohr
Phone: +49 (0) 30 468 16924
18. Changes
Bayer may change certain parts to this Privacy Statement from time to time, so be sure to check this Privacy Statement regularly. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be communicated promptly on this page. Please contact the website administrator with any problems, questions or suggestions that you may have. The constant development of the internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy statement. We retain the right to make changes when necessary.
FAQsContact UsSite MapBayer GlobalBayer CanadaPrivacy StatementTerms & ConditionsImprint
To be sure this product is suitable for you, always read and follow the label.IMPORTANT NOTEThis website is intended for educational purposes only and is in no way intended to substitute for professional medical advice, to contradict medical advice given, or for medical care of any kind. As with any medication, speak to your doctor before using. Please review the Conditions of Use before using this website.Your use of this website indicates your agreement to be bound by the Conditions of Use.® TM see www.bayer.ca/tm-mcASPIRIN is a registered trademark, used under licence.Bayer Inc., Mississauga, ON L4W 5R6© 2019, Bayer Inc.L.CA.MKT.CC.09.2019.1552
Search by typing
Popular articles
Heart-Healthy Foods You Can Enjoy
Find out what foods to include in your heart-healthy diet. There are lots of heart-healthy foods that are also delicious! More >
6 Medication Reminder Tips
Get simple tips that can help you remember to take your medication. More >
What are the Most Common Heart Attack Symptoms?
While some heart attacks are sudden, some start slowly. Find information on common heart attack symptoms, and find out what to do if you experience them. More >
Trusted Pain Relief
Get relief you can count on. Find out why ASPIRIN More >
Heart-Healthy Foods You Can Enjoy
Find out what foods to include in your heart-healthy diet. There are lots of heart-healthy foods that are also delicious! More >
6 Medication Reminder Tips
Get simple tips that can help you remember to take your medication. More >
What are the Most Common Heart Attack Symptoms?
While some heart attacks are sudden, some start slowly. Find information on common heart attack symptoms, and find out what to do if you experience them. More >
Trusted Pain Relief
Get relief you can count on. Find out why ASPIRIN More >
CLOSE×
You are now leaving the www.aspirin.ca website
Bayer Inc. is not responsible for the content presented by any independent website, including any advertising claims, special offers, illustrations, names or endorsements.
cancel
continue
continue
cancel