http://www.homeopathie-unio.be/nl/privacy-beleid
Contact | Leden login |
Français
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Navigation
Algemeen
UNIO
Wie zijn wij?
Directiecomité
Leden UNIO
Antwerpen
Brussel
Henegouwen
Limburg
Luik
Luxemburg
Namen
Oost-Vlaanderen
Vlaams-Brabant
Waals-Brabant
West-Vlaanderen
Lidmaatschap
Homeopathie
Inleiding
Oorsprong van de Homeopathie
Dokter Samuel Hahnemann
Het leven van Hahnemann
Het werk van Hahnemann
De farmacologie van Hahnemann
De Homeopathie in België
De pioniers van de Homeopathie in België
De eerste confrontaties (1849 - 1850)
De Belgische Homeopatische verenigingen
Het onderwijs van de Homeopathie in de 20e eeuw
De Homeopathische apothekers in België
European Committee for Homeopathy (E.C.H.)
Liga Medicorum Homeopathica Internationalis (L.M.H.I.)
Bibliografie
Links
Zorgverlening
Patiënten
Nieuwsbrief
Patiëntenrechten
Patiëntenvereniging
Terugbetaling in andere landen
Terugbetaling - Nederlandstalige ziekenfondsen
Tijdschriften
Zorgverleners
Ethiek
Opleidingen
Congressen
Onderzoek
Wetenschappelijk onderzoek
Fundamenteel onderzoek
Homeopathische methodologie
Klinisch onderzoek (RCT)
Klinisch onderzoek (CCT)
Klinisch onderzoek (Cohort)
Klinisch onderzoek (Provings)
Reviews en meta-analyses
Diergeneeskundig onderzoek
Publicaties
Boeken, CD's & DVD's
Publicaties UHB
Nieuws
Nieuwsitems
Binnenlands nieuws
Buitenlands nieuws
Zoeken:
U bent hier: Privacy beleid
Privacy beleid
Any reference to ‘We’, ‘Us’ and ‘Our’ is to Unio Homoeopathica Belgica as aan Association and MediCongress Services as the official secretariat andProfessional Congress Organizer (PCO).Any reference to ‘Our website’ is to www.homeopathie-unio.be andwww.medicongress.com.Any reference to ‘You’ and ‘Your’ is to you as an individual user of ourwebsites and online registration forms or as a member of the assocation.
Protecting your data
Unio Homoeopathica Belgica and MediCongress Services wants to shareinformation and news about our services with you. We can do this in variousways including email, post, phone or social media, but only if you would likeus to.Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we want to make sure youare always in control of what we do with your personal information.
Our simple promise
We will never pass your personal details to anyone outside UnioHomoeopathica Belgica or MediCongress Services for them to use fortheir own marketing purposes unless you have previously provided uswith your informed and specific consent.
We will ensure that we obtain your express consent before we contactyou by any method for any purpose.
We will make sure our contact with you is relevant, based upon thepreference information you give us.
You can change your contact preferences at any time. All you need todo is update your preferences by contacting us at info@homeopathie-unio.be. But remember, you may miss out on important events in yourdomain.
Your personal information will be stored safely and will remain secureat all times.
No statistical information which identifies you personally will bepublished.
No personal information will be kept any longer than necessary in orderto fulfill the purpose it was collected for, and if you ask us to, it will bedeleted.
We will always delete your personal information if requested by you todo so.
Please let us know if your details change so that we can keep in touch.
Using your information
Unio Homoeopathica Belgica and MediCongress Services will process yourdata (for example your name, address, email address, country of residence)in accordance with your rights under GDPR of 8 April 2016. We may processyour information in any number of ways and on any databases we use for thefollowing purposes:
To create an electronic record of your data to enable your request forinformation to be processed;
To consider any applications you make for registration to events;
To help us manage your registration of an event, your membership ofthe assocation or run any other services we provide to you;
To administer and manage the services we make available to you (as amember of the association);
To compile delegate lists for distribution to attendees at our events, orfor advertising future courses and events in your domain;
To help us identify events which we think will interest you (unless youhave asked us not to);
We may also communicate with you, on behalf of other organisations,should you opt in to receiving third party communications.
Sharing your information
We take our obligations and responsibilities regarding protecting your privacyvery seriously, and therefore, we exercise great care to protect theinformation we collect about you.
We will share your information outside Unio Homoeopathica Belgica andMediCongress Services only in the following circumstances:
To the organising association/institute;
To our (agents or) sub-contractors for operational reasons;
To any third parties who provide a service or benefits to you or for usin connection with your registration or membership;
If compelled by law to do so.
Communication preferences & changes to personal details
Once you have provided your express consent for us to contact you on ourbehalf, or on behalf of other organisations, there are a number of methodsavailable to you in order to change your preferences, to correct or updateyour personal information at any time by:
Clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any promotional email you receivefrom us;
Contacting our team where a correction is required;
Contacting us at info@homeopathie-unio.be.
Protecting information
Pages that use this technology are flagged with a padlock symbol.
We use secure technology in all our email communications and unlessyou have provided us with your clear and express consent, we do notdisclose your email address to any other recipient.
Websites & services not covered by this statement
Third party websitesThird-party websites and services we link to through our website have theirown privacy policies, independent of us. We hold no responsibility or liabilityfor these independent policies. We encourage you to look for and review theprivacy policies of any third-party website you visit.
Subject access rightsIf you write to us with a request, you will have a right to be provided with acopy of all personal information we hold about you.
Data portabilityYou can request that your personal data is transferred directly to another‘data controller’ at any time.
Right to request a correctionYou can request that we correct or update your personal data at any time toensure that your information is accurate and up-to-date.
Right to be forgottenWe may be required to archive your personal information however, we willnot retain personal data for longer than is necessary for the purpose weobtained it. You have the right to request that we delete your personalinformation in certain circumstances, ie where the purpose for collecting yourpersonal information no longer exists and we are not obliged to retain all orany part of your personal information for legal reasons.
Suppression lists
We will not contact you about our related events or services or send you any other communications if you have indicated that you do not want to receive these. In this case, your name will be included in appropriate suppression lists.
Photography Disclaimer
Events organised by MediCongress Services NV can be videoed and photographed for subsequent promotional and general communications used by the organisation and the photo/video production company. In attending the event you consent that your likeness might feature incidentally in any imagery captured and used.
Where individuals might be explicitly asked for to feature as principal subjects for any photo, video or interview, consent from any individuals will be explicitly asked for.
Withdrawing your consent
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at info@homeopathie-unio.be.
Our right to change this privacy statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. We will indicate at the top of the statement when it was most recently updated. We recommend that you visit our Privacy Statement page whenever you visit our website so that you are aware of any changes.
Last updated
dinsdag 19 juni 2018 - 16:59:58 CEST
^ Top
Help het homeopathisch onderzoek een stap vooruit en maak een donatie. Klik hier voor meer informatie!
Vind een homeopathische arts in uw buurt
Research
26 augustus 2018
DynHom publicatie over de nanoparticles
We zijn zeer verheugd de laatste publicatie van DYNHOM in het tijdschrift...
21 mei 2017
Dynhom 2e Colloquium Mei 2017
Colloquium DynHom 2017 : Voordrachten (PowerPoint & PDF) en Videos.
29 januari 2016
DynHom project
Dit is het Research project DynHom
Nieuws
16 november 2020
De laatste reis van Jacques Imberechts
Jacques, altijd op reis in dienst van de homeopathie, maakte zijn allerlaatste...
01 september 2020
Oproep om deel te nemen aan het verzamelen van uw Covid-19 gevallen met behulp van de Clificol-tool
Beste vrienden,
Ik hoop dat jullie het goed stellen in deze vreemde tijd.
Dit...
21 april 2020
Covid-19 documenten
Ziehier de links naar belangrijke dcumenten omtrent Covid-19 in homeopathie.
Sitemap - Privacy beleid - Gebruiksvoorwaarden
CMS & hosting door Webaholic