http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/assistive-listening-devices/headphones-for-tv
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
23
www.HealthyHearing.com
happy couple watching TV together on the couch
If you have hearing loss, you may have trouble with everyday activities like talking on the phone, listening to music and watching television. If you find you are always reaching for the remote to turn the volume up on your TV set, you might benefit from a television-specific assistive listening device (ALD). TV listening devices include those that boost the sound through headphones, stream sound through your hearing aids and provide closed captioning for your television.
Why turning up the volume isn't a good solution
It IS possible to enjoy watching TV
together again.
Simply turning up the volume can be a problem for two reasons. First, the sound clarity may deteriorate as the volume is raised, depending on the quality of the TV speakers. Second, the level of the sound may become uncomfortably loud for those who wish to watch the television with you.
How hearing aids make it easier to watch television
Wearing hearing aids can improve your ability to understand the television. Most hearing aids today have features for reducing background noise and amplifying signals coming from in front of you.
By simply wearing your hearing aids and directing your gaze at the television, you may find you can understand the dialogue much better than before you wore hearing aids.
Programming your hearing aids for TV
If the sound improvement still isn't sufficient, ask your hearing healthcare professional if she can create a special program in your hearing aids to help you hear the television better. If you have a dedicated program for television in your hearing aids, you will need to know how to switch your hearing aids to that program when you are ready to watch television, and how to switch it back to your normal program when you are done.
TV hearing devices
Advantages
Wearing assistive listening devices for television has several advantages over turning up the overall volume on your set:
They can be used with headphones or hearing aids
They send the signal directly to headphones or hearing aids, minimizing the interference of background noise in the room
The direct delivery of the auditory signal improves the overall clarity of sound
The person with hearing loss can operate their personal volume independently of the volume produced by the television's speakers
Loved ones with different degrees of hearing ability can enjoy television together
Directly stream TV to your hearing aids or headphones
Go wireless: Bluetooth, FM systems and telecoils
There are many options available for
watching TV with hearing loss.
Many newer models of hearing aids (and headphones) can connect to devices wirelessly through a Bluetooth connection or frequency-modulated (FM) systems. These systems can connect directly to some types of hearing aids, or through an intermediary device.
Bluetooth technology can allow sound from the TV (or smartphone or another device) to stream directly into hearing aids. Once the hearing aids are paired with the desired devices, you can usually switch to wireless streaming via a single press of a button.
Intermediary streaming devices also can receive an FM or Bluetooth signal and then send it to the hearing aids via another wireless connection. The intermediary device typically functions as a remote control as well, allowing you to adjust volume and change programs with the same tool.
Telecoil option
Modern hearing aids are often equipped with a telecoil or other wireless capabilities that can be used for streaming the audio signal from your television directly to your hearing aids. In addition to bypassing environmental noises, signals that stream to your hearing aids are filtered through settings that are personalized for your hearing loss.
Induction or hearing loops
Induction loops, or neckloops, have been available for a long time. An induction loop sets up a magnetic field that can be picked up by the telecoil in hearing aids. These systems may connect to the audio via the jack on your television or with a small microphone placed near the speaker of your television. The sound signal is transmitted to an amplifier loop running around the perimeter of a room or a small, personal loop worn around the neck of the listener. When you want to listen to television, you turn on and wear the neckloop (if applicable), then switch your hearing aids to the telecoil setting. Many public buildings, churches and theaters have this type of system to ensure accessibility for hearing aid wearers since induction loop technology is very easily accessed by anyone with a telecoil in one or both hearing aids.
TV headphones for hearing impaired
For people who don't wear hearing aids but are hard of hearing, the most common ALD for television is TV earphones. These devices, also called TV headphones or TV hearing aids, are simple-to-use devices consisting of a transmitting base that plugs directly into your television's headphone jack and a headset worn by the listener wishing to hear the signal. One popular product, TV Ears, is a wireless headphone device that uses infrared light to transmit the sound signal from the transmission base to the earphones. With an infrared signal, the wearer must position the base so it is within the line of sight of the headset at all times. There are controls on the headset so wearers may adjust the volume and tone of the sound delivered to their ears. One transmission base can deliver signals to multiple headset units, which can be controlled independently by users.
Captioned television
Sometimes the television audio signal just isn't clear enough, even for those who don't have a hearing loss. Closed-caption television allows you to both hear and read speech on the television, making it a popular option for everyone in the family. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) requires all digital televisions with screens greater than 13" to offer closed captioning. This is a great option for people with hearing loss because it likely already exists on your television. Look for a button on your remote control with a CC icon. It usually toggles captions on and off. It can take time to get accustomed to the captioning running across the bottom of your screen but those who use it regularly find it enhances their ability to enjoy television.
Finding the best solution
If you need help and don't know where to start, visit a hearing healthcare professional near you. Many practitioners display and demonstrate television-compatible devices or can point you to local electronics stores which carry the devices you would like to try.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Assistive listening devices / TV hearing aid and listening devices
Related topics
Amplified phones Captioned phones Hearing aid compatible phones FM systems Alerting devices
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
How to use headphones with hearing aids
HLAA convention offers support and fellowship to people with hearing loss
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
FM systems
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!