https://www.carepathways.com/privacy.cfm
Types of Care
Home Care
Adult Day Care
Cancer Care
Alzheimer's Care
Hospice Care
Facility-Based Care
Families
Hire a Caregiver
Move to Senior Housing
Get Caregiving Support
Explore Payment Options
Buy Home Care Supplies
Read Our Blog
Providers
Join our Directory
Post Job Openings
Search Caregiver Resumes
Get Business Tips
Account Login
Caregivers
Search Jobs Hiring
Post Your Resume
Edit Your Resume
How to Become a CNA
How to Prosper as a Private Hire Caregiver
Supplies
Home Care Supplies
Returning Customer Login
Shopping Cart
CarePathways.com Privacy Policy
Last updated: 11/08/2016
Thank you for visiting the CarePathways.com web site operated by Absher, Inc. We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. Please take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions contact us.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use.
Definitions
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in our Terms of Use.
“Personal Information”
Includes information that identifies you as a specific individual such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, credit card info, and other personally identifiable information.
“Usage Information”
Includes information and server logs about your operating system, your IP address, your browser type and language, the referring website address, exit pages and URLs, date and time you accessed the Site, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Site you visited, the content of any undeleted cookies and sessions that your browser previously accepted from us, and similar information concerning your use of CarePathways.
“Cookies”
A small text file created by a web site that is stored in the user's computer either temporarily for that session only or permanently on the hard disk (persistent cookie). Cookies provide a way for the web site to recognize you and keep track of your preferences.
Information we collect
We automatically collect Usage Information and Cookies when you access our website. When Usage Information or Cookies are associated with your Account, we treat it as Personal Information. We do not collect any Personal Information from you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. The following are situations in which you may provide Personal Information to us:
When you contact CarePathways
When you submit a Referral
When you create a Provider Profile, Employer Profile, or Candidate Profile
When you purchase a product from our Online Store
When you post a question or comment to Public Areas
When you sign up for our newsletter
How we use your Information
Authorized Services Providers: We may share your Personal Information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service, and supporting our website functionality. These service providers may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Usage Information: We use this information to improve your user experience, monitor technical errors, and maintain Site security.
Cookies: Like most websites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience, analyze how you use our Site, and for personalized marketing. Specifically we use Cookies on the Site for the following purposes:
Analytical Purposes: We use Cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve the Site. For example, using Cookies we can look at the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our Site. We can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and user experience of the Site.
Your Preferences: We use Cookies to store certain user preferences on our Site. For example, we may store the recent searches you have performed in a Cookie so that we can allow you to easily repeat those searches when you return to our Site. Another example is saving your login information to keep you signed in for a certain period of time.
Personalized Marketing: Third party vendors or ad networks, including Google, use cookies to serve ads to you on our Site. These cookies enable third-party vendors or ad networks to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Site and/or other sites on the Internet. We have no access to or control over these cookies.
Contact CarePathways: When you contact CarePathways, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Referral: When you submit the voluntary form located at https://www.carepathways.com/referral/ ("Referral"), we match your information against our network of Participating Providers. By submitting a Referral, you agree to be contacted by CarePathways.com and a Participating Provider to explore senior care options at the telephone number(s) and email address you have provided. You consent to our disclosing your Personal Information to the Participating Provider we match with your request. In our sole discretion, we may partner with Agingcare.com, Aplaceformom.com, or Eldercarelink.com and their providers, affiliates, and agents (collectively, Senior Care Partners) in order to complete your request. You consent to our disclosing your Personal Information to Senior Care Partners and agree that Senior Care Partners may contact you directly via telephone, text-message, email, and other means of communication. You understand that we may be compensated in connection with such disclosures. You agree to our Agreement to be Contacted By Telephone. If you do not want Partipating Providers or Senior Care Partners to contact you, then you should not submit a Referral.
Accounts and Profiles: We may use any combination of your name, email, address, telephone, or wireless number to manage your account, to provide you with customer support, to send you administrative updates about your account, to inform you about new features of the Site, to notify you about new referrals, to notify you about new candidates, to notify you about new job openings, or to send newsletters about products or services that may be of interest to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of emails and text messages. We may use your credit card information to process payment for any payments made on our website.
Provider Profiles: We use your information to build our Provider Directories. We display only relevant information such as your company name, phone number, website, service area, and company description.
Employer Profiles: We use your information to build our Jobs Directory. We display only relevant information such as your name or company name, phone number, application link, recruitment area, and job description. You can enable or disable the email contact form on your listing. If you are posting a job as an individual rather than a Provider, we caution against using your Phone Number as contact method.
Candidate Profiles: We display only relevant information such as your first name and last initial, phone number, information about the job you are seeking, and resume text. You must select your contact preference. By default, we provide a secure email form for Users to contact you by email. If your contact preference is phone or both, then your phone number will also be visible to Providers who are signed in to their Accounts.
Online Store: We use your Personal Information to process your order, provide you with customer service, communicate with you about the status of your order, send receipts, notify you about sales, send service-related announcements, give you the opportunity to provide feedback, and send content that may be of interest to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails.
Newsletter: We may use your email address to send you content that may be of interest to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails.
Other Situations: We may disclose your information, including Personal Information, to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required by law, including but not limited to in response to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is or may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of CarePathways, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. If CarePathways is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information you share
Some Public Areas of our Site (e.g. "Ask Clare" discussion board and Candidate Profiles) let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexed by search engines. Please take care with the information, particularly any Personal Information, which you include in your Profiles or post to Public Areas. You can remove your information at any time, however, CarePathways does not warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches, which may continue to contain your information. Please Contact Us to remove your information on a going-forward basis.
Choices
Cookies: Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our Site.
Advertisements: The Network Advertising Initiative offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org). http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Accessing and updating your Personal Information:
If you created a Provider, Employer, or Candidate Profile, you have the ability to review and update your Personal Information by logging in to your account. You can also review, update, or remove your personal information by contacting us.
If you submitted a Referral, you can review, update, or remove your Personal Information by contacting us.
If you purchased a product from our Online Store, you can review your order history by logging in to your account. You can review, update or remove your Personal Information by contacting us. We do not store credit card information.
If you remove your Personal Information, we may still retain certain information associated with your Account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, enforce our Terms of Use, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our Site or our Users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
Information security
We work hard to protect CarePathways and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as contact information or credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time with or without notice to you. Please review the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to determine when this Privacy Policy was last amended. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the “Last Updated” date indicated above. By using the Site or providing information to us following such changes, you will have accepted the amended Privacy Policy. If CarePathways is going to use Personal Information collected through the Site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, then CarePathways will notify users via email 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law.
Important Notice to Non-U.S. Residents
The Site and CarePathways are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any Personal Information and other information that you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By providing us with this information, you consent to this transfer.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through CarePathways. If you are under 13, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Information through any website without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Newsletter
Subscribe
Like us on Facebook
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
The material on this site is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for legal, financial, professional, or medical advice or diagnosis or treatment.
Our operating costs are covered by advertising, online store sales, participating providers, and senior care partners. Learn more about how we make money.
© 1999-2020 CarePathways.com