https://www.veinscny.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
December 11, 2020 Trending Beauty Tips How Much Does A Microneedling Cost Near Me? (New Techniques) Professional LED Light Therapy Machine In Facial Skin Care Skin Care Specialist Laser Facial Hair Removal Varicose Vein Treatment Cost Best Skin Care Products for Men What to Consider when Buying Sensitive Skin Care Products Why undergo Cormetic Surgery in Bali? Beauty Tips To Have Gorgeous Skin Tips on How to Fix Saggy Breast Hair and Beauty Tips For Formal Occasions How To Select The Best Skin Specialist Details About Closed Rhinoplasty How To Avoid Cosmetic Surgery Gone Wrong About Foods For Clear Skin Varicose Vein Surgery Recovery That’s Right For You Natural Ways To Treat Arm Veins Care After Vein Ablation All You Need to Know About Stretch Mark Laser Removal The Varicose Veins In Breast Ways of Eliminating Spider Veins On Stomach Cosmetic Dentistry That Enhances Dental Health And Beauty Largest Vein In The Body Beauty And Breast Of A Woman Tips For Effective Spider Vein Treatment Costs Spider Veins Natural Treatment Top Reasons To Get A Asian Nose Job Perfect Braces Colors For Girls Teeth Maintaining Figure Through Liposuction Fat Reduction Nose Job Recovery: What To Expect Understanding Facial Liposuction Cost Best Natural Skin Care Routine Ways to Get Rid of Wrinkles Make Your Face Look Younger Teeth Whitening Gel – Make Your Smile More Dazzling How To Look Attractive With Braces How to Get Perfect Teeth – Simple Dental Care Tips to Follow How To Get A Brighter, Lighter Skin Invisalign Before and After – Indistinguishable Orthodontic Treatment
HomeBeauty TipsHealth FactsAbout UsContact Us
×
Last updated: November 13, 2017Veins CNY (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://www.veinscny.com website (the “Service”).This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://www.veinscny.comInformation Collection And UseWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, postal address, other information (“Personal Information”).Log DataWe collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Recent Posts How To Remove Varicose Veins On Muscles Of The Lower Leg Is It Effective To Get Botox For Bruxism? (Treatment For Teeth Grinding) 5 Causes Of Drooping Eyelid (What Is Ptosis?) Considerations When Buying An IV Catheter (Vein Care Management ) Veins Vs Arteries: Understanding And Classifying Your Blood VesselsAdvertisement Stay UpdatedJoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our awesome website!Email *
CategoriesBeauty TipsDental HealthHealth FactsMedical FactsUncategorizedAdvertisements © Copyright All Right Reserved.Theme: News One by Canyon Themes
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!