http://www.obgyncareer.com/cm/privacy
Sign in Create New Job Seeker Account Forgot password
Create New Job Seeker Account Create New Employer Account
Create New Job Seeker Account Create New Employer Account
Sign in Forgot password
Sign in Create New Job Seeker Account Forgot password
Sign in Create New Employer Account Forgot password
Home
Job Search
Join Us
Resources
About us
Contact Us
Job Seeker
Employer
Sign up  |  Sign in
#1 Obstetrics & GynecologyJob Site
Employer & Recruiter
Call us 706-955-1123! Login or Register
Discipline:
Select All Admin/Operations Allied Health Biotechnology/Research Dental Nursing Pharmacy Physician Mid-Level Providers Other Medical Medical Sales
Specialty:
Select All
Sub-Specialty:
Select All
State:
Select All Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming CA-Alberta CA-British Columbia CA-Manitoba CA-New Brunswick CA-Newfoundland CA-Northwest Territories CA-Nova Scotia CA-Nunavut CA-Ontario CA-Prince Edward Island CA-Quebec CA-Saskatchewan CA-Yukon US-Samoa US-Federated States of Micronesia US-Guam US-Marshall Islands US-Northern Mariana Islands US-Palau US-Puerto Rico US-Virgin Islands International
Advanced search
Privacy Policy |
PhysicianCareerJobs.com
The terms "we" or "our" refer to PhysicianCareerJobs.com's and any of the PhysicianCareerJobs.com network of physician medical job sites.   See a listing of the job sites on the About Us page.
PhysicianCareerJobs.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our users by giving our best effort toward providing a safe, secure online environment. The following demonstrates that effort. Collection and Use of Information We do not disclose information about your individual visits to PhysicianCareerJobs.com, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, personal references, resume, etc. to any outside parties, except to the extent that it is necessary to administer the services we offer to our subscribers(employers, recruiters, hiring managers and human resource professionals) looking to hire potential candidates, or except in complying with subpoenas, court orders or other legal proceedings. We recommend never providing your social security number to prospective employers through the Internet. PhysicianCareerJobs.com provides an email address link located on the Contact Us page so that you may email us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read all messages received and make efforts to respond promptly. In addition to replying to your comment or inquiry, we may also file your email for future reference regarding improvements to our website or discard the information. Your personal information is not shared to third parties without your express permission. Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. All of your information is stored on a secure password protected server. We have appropriate security measures in place at our physical facilities reasonably designed to protect against loss, misuse, or alteration of information from you at our site. Personnel who have access to our database are trained to maintain and secure all information.
Subscription Information
Company's wishing to sign up for PhysicianCareerJobs.com's service are asked to provide certain data including full name, complete mailing address, phone number and email address. We do not store your credit card information on our servers. This information is entered into a safe and secure Paypal Gateway, a leader in the industry of secure online credit card processing. CV/Resume Information Since PhysicianCareerJobs.com is a career site, we give you the option of placing your CV/resume, contact information, educational information and job preferences in our database. You can decide not to include your CV/resume or much of this other information previously mentioned, or you can decide to include certain information off of your CV/resume. You can go back any time and upload your CV/resume, and send it with a click of the button when inquiring about specific jobs.  You can log back in at anytime and delete your CV/resume, or any information off of your CV/resume, and also make yourself not visible to employers/recruiters.We use our best efforts to grant access to this database only to legitimate employers, recruiters, hiring managers, and human resource professionals, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not, without our consent, gain access to this database. You may remove your resume from our database at any time. However, employers and recruiters who have paid for access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume when you inquired by email about their job. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances. Job Seekers can remain completely anonymous (until you directly inquire about a position) by choosing “No” on the candidate registration page for the question "Visible on Internet". Then none of your information will be made visible to employers and recruiters browsing profiles of candidates. You can change from totally anonymous to accessible to our subscribers at any time by accessing your “My Information” page.  A “Yes” will make visible your name, contact info, specialty information, job preferences and your CV/resume (if you decide to enter it) for employers/recruiters to view.  You can be visible and limit what information employers and recruiters can view by not entering the informaton stated above. Cookies We use cookies to record general activity information on the site to use in making the site more useful. We do not associate this information with any specific user’s identity.
Links to Sites PhysicianCareerJobs.com contains links to other sites. These sites have their own policies and practices with respect to online privacy, and PhysicianCareerJobs.com cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites. In addition, PhysicianCareerJobs.com’s advertisers or subscribers may ask you for personal information. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of our advertisers or subscribers. Opt-Out PhysicianCareerJobs.com provides users the opportunity to opt-out from our mailing list. To do this: go to our Contact Us page and place your email address in the email box and the message “delete from mailing list” in the message box and click submit. Surveys
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site, and provide all users of the site with valuable information. Legal Disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process serviced on our website. Modify/Change
We give users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. You can go to our login page, logon to your respective account by entering your username and password. For Job Seekers, simply click on the My Information and the My Profile menu for the data you wish to modify. At any time you no longer desire that any of your information be made available to employers and recruiters, choose “No” to the question, “Visible on Internet? on the My Information page. For employers, you can logon on to your respective login page and click on Edit your Registration button and modify your registration information, and also modify jobs as inactive or delete them and also upload, edit or delete your Company logo.
Notification of future Changes We will post any changes to this privacy policy should they come up due to addtional features to the website. We desire that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Please check this site for information about revisions to our privacy policy.
We will notify you directly if there is a material change in our privacy practices. We will provide you with the ability to opt out of these new changes. We will also post the changes in our privacy statement 12 days prior to a change. See our Terms of Use.
Featured Jobs
OBGYN Needed for Florida Panhandle
Tallahassee,
Florida
PMHNP Opening Just South of Portland, OR
Oregon
PMHNP opening in New Mexico
New Mexico
Surgery - Cardio Thoracic
Recruiting Now
Job Seekers
Quickly sign up for new job alerts, advance job searches and confidentiality options!
Popular States: Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | Hawaii | Idaho | Illinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maine
About us
Job search
Candidate area
Employer area
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
©2014 All Rights Reserved. A part of the MedicalCareerJobs.com & PhysicianCareerJobs.com networks. Powered by JobMount