http://www.natlbcc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
National Breast Cancer Coalition and Fund® (NBCC) Privacy Policy
Updated: March 2016
Our Commitment to Privacy
The National Breast Cancer Coalition and the National Breast Cancer Coalition Fund (collectively known as NBCC) is committed to responsible information handling practices. This Privacy Policy explains NBCC’s data collection/information use practices. By visiting StopBreastCancer.org, you consent to the information practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of persons or entities that NBCC does not control, manage or employ. NBCC’s website contains links to other sites that are operated by third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change. NBCC reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy. If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats that we deem acceptable, so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it and what choices you have. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting.  We encourage you to read the entire Privacy Policy.
Financial and In-Kind Donations
The National Breast Cancer Coalition is committed to respecting the privacy of its financial and in-kind donors, whether the donation is made online, by mail, or any other method. When you make a financial or in-kind donation, you provide your name and contact information. Financial donors provide standard payment information including, in many circumstances, credit card data. We protect your information in a variety of ways, as described below.
We use industry standard safeguards to protect your information. Many donors use credit cards for donations. We protect the security of credit card transactions using a number of measures such as encryption, access controls, network firewalls, physical security. These measures make it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept the credit card information you send to us. When we work with other companies to process credit card transactions, those companies also use encryption and other security measures.
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ personal information with any other entity. In addition, we will not send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations, unless a donor has given us specific permission to do so.
NBCC has vendors that assist with processing and managing donations and donor data. On occasion we give these vendors access to donor data, and they are bound by strict confidentiality rules.
Visiting our Website
Through our website, we offer convenient online access to our services and communicate with you about important opportunities and events. We will not collect personal information from you when you visit our website unless you provide the information to us voluntarily and knowingly.
Registering for a class or special event: When you register online for a class or special event, we may ask for your name and contact information. Depending upon the activity, we may also collect payment information (such as standard credit card data) and date of birth.
Applying to become a NBCC Member: When you apply online to be a member, we will ask you for your name, contact information and date of birth. We may ask for other data as well, depending on the membership activity.
Applying to work at NBCC as an employee: When you apply to be a NBCC employee, we ask for a variety of types of data that are typical for employment applications, and we may ask for your résumé.
Making a financial contribution: When you make a financial contribution online, we collect your name, contact information and standard credit card data. If you provide NBCC with personal information when you visit our website, we may enter your name into one of our databases so we can contact you to obtain your input, provide information about our programs and events, or request contributions.
Our Commitment
NBCC respects the privacy of every visitor to our website. Your privacy is a priority, and we go to great lengths to protect it. This Internet Site Privacy Policy explains our online information practices. This Policy may be changed or updated from time to time. By visiting the NBCC at StopBreastCancer.org, you accept the practices described in this Policy.
Is My Credit Card Information Secure?
We use a variety of safeguards to protect the security of your credit card transactions. We use technologies and processes such as encryption, access controls, network firewalls, physical security and other measures. These measures make it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept the credit card information you send to us. When we work with other companies to process credit card transactions, those companies also use encryption and other security measures.
You can make financial contributions online or by mail.
Cookies:
We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit. A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on an End User’s hard drive but does not itself contain any personal information. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page.
Third Party Sites:
The National Breast Cancer Coalition and Fund (NBCC) website may contain links to other websites. NBCC is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of these other websites. We encourage End Users to review the privacy policy statements of those sites.
When you visit and interact with the NBCC Website, and third parties with whom NBCC has contracted to provide services to NBCC, we may collect anonymous information from three sources: server log files, cookies, and “pixel tags”.
Contact Us About Privacy
To let us know your preferences about how we contact you, or to “opt-out” of receiving phone calls, e-mails or letters, contact the following:
Our postal address is: 1010 Vermont Avenue, NW, Suite 900
Washington, DC 20005
We can be reached via e-mail at info@stopbreastcancer.org or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-622-2838.
Be Part of the Solution »
Contact Us
Subscribe
Join Us
Donate
National Breast Cancer Coalition
15 hours ago
The Virtual Cabaret brought together some of your favorite Hollywood and Broadway celebrities, all for a good cause! If you missed it or want to re-watch it, you can view a recording of the show here. bit.ly/cabaretrecordi…
© 2020 National Breast Cancer Coalition  |  Privacy Policy