https://www.phlebotomy.com/shipping-and-return-policy.html
Videos
Main Menu
Streaming
DVDs
YouTube channel
Real People, Real Suffering video
A Tribute to Phlebotomists
View All Videos
Membership
eNewsletter
Books, posters, etc.
Downloads
Main Menu
To the Point® Articles
CE Booklets
CLSI Standards
Procedure Templates
Smart Charts™
ATMs
Free Stuff
View All Downloads
Continuing Education
Main Menu
In-House
P.A.C.E.
View All Continuing Education
Login: Phlebotomy Central
Login: Phlebotomy Channel
…
Home
Shipping and Return Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Orders are generally shipped in 1 day after your order is processed and they normally take an additional 3 - 5 business days to arrive. Orders are processed Mon-Fri during normal business hours. Products purchased from the Center for Phlebotomy Education can be returned within 30 days of the original purchase of the product.
Before you return a product, please make sure that:
The product was purchased in the last 30 days from us
The product is in its original packaging
Please contact us before you send the product:
By phone number: 866-657-9857.
by email: support@phlebotomy.com
Send the product with its original packing to:
Center for Phlebotomy Education, 520 N. Main Street, Suite 208, Cheboygan, MI 49721
Shipping charges
Shipping charges incurred in connection with the return of a product are non-refundable.
You are responsible for paying the costs of shipping and for the risk of loss of or damage to the product during shipping, both to and from Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc.
Damaged items
If you received a damaged product, please notify us immediately for assistance.
Sale items
Sale items can be refunded.
Digital products
We do not issue refunds for digital products once the order is confirmed and the product has been downloaded according to our records.
We recommend contacting us for assistance if you experience any issues receiving or downloading our products.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our Returns and Refunds Policy, please contact us:
By phone number: 866-657-9857
by email: support@phlebotomy.com
Support
Support
About Us
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Return Policy
Privacy Statement
Shipping and Return Policies
© 2020 Center for Phlebotomy Education All Rights Reserved