https://www.teenagecancertrust.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to site search
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Donate
About UsOur storyHistory
MusicRoyal Albert HallBuy tickets
Previous Shows
Merchandise
Sponsor the shows
Music News
Music partners
Unseen
Our impact
PeopleAmbassadors
Senior Leadership Team
Trustees
Founders
Fellows
Patrons
Celebrity news
Youth Advisory Group
Safeguarding statement
Our brand
What we doCancer unitsUnit map
How we design our units
Expert staff
Nursing & support outside units
Education & awareness resourcesWhat is cancer? lesson plans
HPV and cervical cancer lesson plans
Personal relationships education drama
Sun safety
School visits
Mates Matter
Working in partnership
Hair4u
Professional leadershipEducating health professionals
Teenagers and young adults with cancer (TYAC)
Global AYA Cancer Congress
Professional resources
Who we work with
PolicyPolicy news
Our policy work
Consultation responses
Reports
All-Party Parliamentary Group for Children, Teenagers and Young Adults with Cancer
End cancer inequality for young people
Listen Up! What Matters to Young Cancer Patients
Research
CampaignsCancer and body image – I’m #StillMeTips on cancer and body image
How cancer can affect your body image
How we help
Hair and beauty advice
Andrew's story
Crystal's story
Holly's story
Jabs for lads
Unstoppable
We won’t let cancer cancel ChristmasWhy working at Christmas is special for our staff
Young peoples’ Christmas stories
Northern Ireland
News
Media centreSpokespeople
Work for us
Annual report 2019
Contact us
Frequently asked questions
Our fundraising principles
Teenage Cancer Trust Awards 2020
Get HelpI think I might have cancerTalking about cancer
What causes cancer
Getting diagnosed
I've got cancerWhy did I get cancer?
Types of cancerBone cancer
Brain tumours
Cervical cancer
Hodgkin lymphoma
Leukaemia
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma
Ovarian cancer
Skin cancer
Soft tissue sarcoma
Testicular cancer
Thyroid cancer
TreatmentWhat to expect
Chemotherapy
Radiotherapy
Surgery
Bone marrow and stem cell transplants
Immunotherapy
Clinical Trials
After treatment
FeelingsEmotional support
Relationships
My bodyBody image
Fertility
Living healthily during cancer
Glossary
School and University
Useful contacts
How we can helpOur Units
Nurses
Youth support coordinators
Honest Answers, Sound Advice: A Young Person's Guide to Cancer
Support programmes
Ultimate backstage experience
Support for friends and familyCancer support for families
Cancer support for parents
My brother/sister has cancer
My friend has cancer
My girlfriend/boyfriend has cancer
If cancer treatment isn't likely to cure cancer
Young people's stories
How we produce our cancer information
Teenage cancer blog
Support UsDonate
FundraiseEvents and challenges
Do your own fundraisingVirtual fundraising ideas
Register your fundraising
Organising your own event
Fundraising Monies FAQs
News in my area
As a partnerAs a companyWays to work with usCause Related Marketing
Corporate challenges
Sponsorship
Other ways to work with us
Why work with us
Our Partners
Trusts and major giftsHow we work with trusts and foundations
George’s Trust
The Queen's Trust
Set up a fund
VolunteerCurrent Opportunities
Types of volunteering
Volunteer blog
Meet our volunteers
Volunteer FAQs
Sign up
Why we need you
Donate this Christmas
Shop
Information
Search form
Search
Donate
Home › About Us › Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Right now, for every young person we can support, there's another we can't. We want to offer every young person with cancer the support they need, when they need it - before, during, and after diagnosis; and we rely on the generosity and support of individuals like you to achieve our goals. We want you to know that we really value your support and we are committed to protecting your personal information, as well as being open and honest about how we collect, store and use personal data. We know that your personal information needs to be kept safe, and we never give or sell any personal data to other charities or organisations.
Our story
›
What we do
›
News
›
Media centre
›
Work for us
›
Annual report 2019
›
Contact us
›
Frequently asked questions
›
Our fundraising principles
›
Teenage Cancer Trust Awards 2020
›
We will keep you up to date on how your support is changing the lives of young people with cancer across the UK. We will always keep your personal information safe, secure and confidential within Teenage Cancer Trust. We feel it is important that we are completely transparent about why we need the personal information we request and how we will use it. This privacy policy explains how Teenage Cancer Trust collects and uses your personal information.
Teenage Cancer Trust is a company registered in England and Wales (3350311) and a charity registered in England and Wales (1062559) and Scotland (SC039757) and The Teenage Trust (Trading) Limited, is a company registered in England and Wales (2691170), whose registered office is at 93 Newman Street, London, W1T 3EZ.
Our website is https://www.teenagecancertrust.org/ is owned and operated by Teenage Cancer Trust
Personal Data
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and Data Protection Act 2018 ('the Act'), personal data is defined as 'any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'), by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person'.
Our basis for processing your personal information
We will only collect and use your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so and will always respect your rights.
Where we use your information, it may be because you have consented to us doing so or because we consider we have a legitimate interest to do so.  Where we do rely on a legitimate interest to use your information, we promise never to do it in an intrusive way or to cause distress, and to always respect your rights.  Other reasons may include using information because we have a legal obligation to do so or because we have to fulfil contractual obligations.
Examples of why we use your personal information include:
You have given us your explicit consent to use the information for a specified purpose, for example to receive our e-newsletter, information about our events, volunteering, fundraising opportunities etc.
You have expressed interest in the charity by a positive action, for example by completing a registration form to take part in an event and to hear updates about our events programme.
We have a legal obligation to use your information, for example to maintain Gift Aid records.
We also reserve the right to apply our legitimate interest wherever we believe it is appropriate, but we promise that we will never do this in an intrusive way and will always respect your rights and freedoms when doing so. Some examples of when we would rely on our legitimate interest include:
To pursue our organisational aims and objectives.
To fundraise (both now and in the future) to fund our work.
To ensure we meet our regulatory requirements as a charity.
To manage our ongoing relationship with our supporters and anyone we work with.
To manage our financial transactions and prevent fraud.
If you are a corporate supporter, we are permitted to contact you unless you tell us that you would like no further contact from us. We may also mail you unless you tell us that you don’t want us to do so. However, we will not make contact by calling you if you have subscribed to the Telephone or Corporate Telephone Preference Service. Further information on this (what is generally called a ‘business to business’ approach)can be obtained at the ICO website and on the Telephone Preference Service website
What personal information we collect
The personal information we collect about you will depend on how and why you are engaging with us.  It could include (but is not limited to):
Your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, motivation for supporting the charity and your contact preferences.
Debit or credit card information (we won’t store your debit or credit card details; this information will be deleted as soon as we process your donation or payment).
Your bank account number, sort code and other banking information, and information required to validate your identity and prevent fraud.
Other information you provide to us from time to time which is relevant and necessary for us to collect and process.  For example, the events you have participated in.
We may also collect information about your activity online when you visit our website and when we send you an email. Please see the section below on our Cookies Policy for further details.
When you give them your consent, we collect information from third parties such as event organisers or sites like Just Giving. You can check their privacy policies to see how they handle your data. We will inform you at the first contact with you where we have your personal data from.
If you shared with us any sensitive information, including your medical history, the information you have provided will be kept by Teenage Cancer Trust and will be treated with the strictest of confidence. It will not be shared with a third party without your consent unless we have a statutory obligation to do so, or there are concerns for your safety which Teenage Cancer Trust has a duty to report to the relevant authority in order for appropriate action to be taken.  We will only keep your information where it is relevant to your interaction with us and only for as long as it is necessary.
If you give us personal information about another person, we expect you to be responsible for ensuring that they know we are using their personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and we will make every effort to obtain the necessary conditions for processing that data, for example if it is in our legitimate interest.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To respond to or fulfil any requests, complaints or queries we receive from you.
To keep you up to date with news about our work
To confirm that your gift or purchase has been processed correctly, to validate your Gift Aid claim and maintain records of your past and future donations.
To provide you with information and support for any events, fundraising activities or volunteering opportunities you sign up to.
To raise funds and to promote the aims and objectives of the charity
To pursue our organisational goals, including offering every young person with cancer the support they need, when they need it – before, during and after diagnosis.
To carry out market research
To manage your contact preferences.  If you ever want to change the way we keep in touch, just let us know by emailing hello@teenagecancertrust.org or calling our Supporter Care team on 0207 612 0370.
To keep records of your relationship with us for example questions you have asked us
To manage our recruitment.
To make better decisions, communicate more efficiently and develop a better understanding of our supporters and potential supporters. This might involve non-intrusive profiling and data segmentation and may encompass using information found in the public domain to understand your likes and preferences better so that our communications with you are as relevant as possible.
Where a supporter is identified as being potentially able and willing to give more than they already do, we may try to build a better understanding of how they might want to support us. To do this we may conduct inhouse research and from time to time engage specialist agencies to gather information from publicly available sources.  We may also carry out research using publicly available information to identify individuals who might have affinity to our cause but with whom we are not already in touch.  If this research is conducted by a third party, we will ensure that all personal information is processed in accordance with data protection law.
We research and profile your information in this way but we also uphold your privacy by not sharing the information or the outcome with any third parties. External data sources we use might include publicly available information such as Companies House, Charity Commission and other charity registers, Who’s Who and Debrett’s guides, Electoral Roll Register, reputable newspaper articles, publications, company websites and biographies on professional networking sites as well as geographic and demographic information based on your postcode. If you would prefer us not to use your data in this way please let us know by emailing our Data Protection Officer on hello@teenagecancertrust.org or calling our Supporter Care team on 0207 612 0370.
To create anonymous and aggregated reports about our supporters and the young people we support, to ensure our organisation is communicating with and delivering the best possible information and services.
To inform our digital and social media marketing.  For example, we may use your information to enable us to display adverts to you, or to potential supporters who have similar characteristics to you.
For our internal purposes such as management, research, analytics, organisational reporting, and ways that will improve efficiencies.
To prevent and detect criminal activity and fraud.
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government and law enforcement agencies’ requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect ourselves, young people we support, our supporters, our employed and funded staff and to solve any customer disputes.
To help the emergency services if required.
Who we share your personal information with
We never give or sell any personal information to other charities or organisations. However, there are some circumstances where we would share your data with third parties. For instance:
If we are legally required to do so, e.g. court order, law enforcement agency pursuing an investigation.
If we believe it necessary to protect or defend our rights or the personal safety of our personnel or a young person we support.
When we work with carefully selected partners, e.g. our fulfilment warehouse or banks to ensure we can provide services to you. These partners (called ‘data processors’) will only have access to your information when the necessary contractual arrangements have been agreed and signed and they will always be obliged to follow the strict General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regulations.
Where you work for one of our corporate partners, we may share information with them about your fundraising efforts.
When information has to be sent to HMRC as part of the declaration process for Gift Aid so that we can reclaim the Gift Aid on your donation(s).
International transfers of your personal information
The data that we collect from you will be processed at our servers in the UK. It may also be processed by organisations operating in the EEA that Teenage Cancer Trust has instructed.
If personal data is transferred outside the UK or EEA to a country without a designated adequacy rating, Teenage Cancer Trust will request the data subject's consent before processing the data. Consent will not be sought where the processor's Binding Corporate Rules, Standard Contractual Clauses or adhoc contractual clauses stipulate that the data will be processed in accordance with the GDPR.
Keeping your personal information up to date
We will use publicly available sources to ensure that the information we hold is accurate and up to date. For example, where you have signed up for a redirection service, we will use the Post Office’s National Change of Address database to keep in touch. We may use other services to cross-check the accuracy of the contact details we hold for you.
How long we keep your personal information
We store your personal data in accordance with our data retention policy. This policy is reviewed and updated internally to ensure we do not store your data for longer than is necessary. We also review how and where we store any data to ensure that we meet our obligation to store data securely.
In addition, some of the data we hold may be subject to certain legal and regulatory obligations, which provide a minimum retention period for different types of data. The retention period varies depending on the data we hold.
If you would like to know how long we will hold any specific information, then please contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@teenagecancertrust.org and they will provide you with further details.
Access and control over your personal information
You have a right to know what personal information we hold about you. If you'd like a copy of this information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@teenagecancertrust.org. We will not charge you for processing your request and supplying your information to you and we are legally bound to deliver this information in a format of your choice within ONE month. We may need to ask you to send us evidence of your identity and the one-month response period starts from the date we confirm your identity.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate and/or incomplete personal information we hold about you. If our records are incorrect or incomplete, please let us know by emailing hello@teenagecancertrust.org or calling our Supporter Care team on 0207 612 0370.
If you have given us your consent to process your information, you can withdraw or restrict it whenever you wish by emailing hello@teenagecancertrust.org or calling our Supporter Care team on 0207 612 0370. You will be offered the right to withdraw your consent (opt out) to every type of communication we send you.
In certain circumstances you may request that we erase your personal information we hold about you (‘the right to be forgotten’). This will mean we may not recognise you should you decide to support us in the future. For further information and to understand your options please contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@teenagecancertrust.org.
How we protect your personal Information
We maintain the highest standards of data privacy and security to protect your personal details and other information about you because we want you to feel completely confident about engaging with us. We regularly review our processes and procedures to protect your information from unauthorised access and use, accidental loss and/or destruction.
Sometimes we use other organisations (known as ‘data processors’) to process your personal information on our behalf. We don’t allow them to use this information for their own purposes and they have to follow our strict instructions whilst complying with appropriate security measures. We constantly assess their security measures when we bring them on board and we continue to monitor their compliance throughout the time we use their services.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websitesThere are a few external companies we work with, who set cookies on our website. These cookies are mainly used for reporting and advertising so we can improve the way we communicate. We use websites like Youtube and Vimeo to embed videos, and they may send you cookies too. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so check those websites for more information.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may update this policy to reflect changes in how we use your information.  Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our websites for you to review.  Where appropriate, we will provide you with notice of any significant changes to how we use your information.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy and how we use your personal information, please get in touch with our Data Protection Officer by emailing hello@teenagecancertrust.org or calling our Supporter Care team on 0207 612 0370.  We’d love to hear from you!
Making a complaint
If you have any feedback or would like to make a complaint about how we handle your personal information, please contact us so we can investigate and address your concerns. For how to make a complaint, please see our Complaints Policy. You also have the right to complain about how we collect and use your personal information to the UK data protection regulator, The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).  For further information please visit https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/ or contact the ICO by telephone on 0303 123 1113 or by post to Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.
COOKIE POLICY
Manage Cookie Preferences
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Teenage Cancer Trust website uses cookies to improve your user experience A 'cookie' is a small text file that is delivered by our website server onto your computer whilst you visit our website, which can be used at a later time by the website to identify particular devices and thereby remember your website preferences and log in details.Most cookies won't collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites, or a user's general location.
The cookies we use make the Teenage Cancer Trust website faster and easier for you to use. We also use cookies to market our services to you.
You can delete the cookies stored in your browser at any point through your browser preferences. (If you delete your Teenage Cancer Trust cookies and then visit our website again, our website won’t recognise you and will ask you to accept our cookies again!)
HOW WE COLLECT COOKIES
We collect your data automatically via cookies when you visit our website, in line with cookie settings in your browser and your customised cookie settings. We will also collect data from you when you contact us via the website.
We also use cookies to track your activity to help ensure you get the smoothest possible experience when visiting our website.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual.
THESE ARE THE COOKIES WE COLLECT
Essential Cookies
These are essential for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as your profile and purchases and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember when you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Marketing Cookies
We also use a marketing database management program that deploy a cookie when a client interacts with a marketing communication, such as a marketing email or a marketing bases landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal data, such as your name, which pages you visit on our website and your history arriving at our website. Collected information is used to evaluate the effectiveness or our marketing campaigns or to provide better targeting for marketing.
Analysis cookies
These are used to profile user behaviour and optimise marketing campaigns e.g. we may track which creative and medium has more resonance with the target audience. This is designed to ensure relevant adverts are served to you and to help us ensure we spend our money wisely.
Google Analytics
To provide insight into how visitors find and use our webpages so that we can evaluate and develop our site. Google provides an opt-out plug-in for most common website browsers: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout _ga_gat_UA_tq_id
We also use Tag4ARM to measure site visits and conversions and overlay this with offline advertising to measure the impact of the media we’re using. We use this data to produce that measure and optimise the media effectiveness.
Third Party Cookies
You may notice on some pages of our websites that cookies have been set that are not related to teenagecancertrust.org. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these third-party service providers may set their own cookies on your device. Teenagecancertrust.org does not control the use of these third-party cookies and cannot access them due to the way that cookies work, as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them. Please check the third-party websites for more information about these cookies.
CAN A USER BLOCK COOKIES?
The first time you accessed our website you should have seen a banner which explained that by continuing to access our site, you are consenting to our use of cookies. However, if you do wish to disable our cookies then please the banner instructions.
HOW TO ENABLE AND DISABLE COOKIES USING YOUR BROWSER
Google Chrome
Click the wrench icon on the browser toolbar
Select Settings
Click 'Show advanced settings'
In the "Privacy" section, click the 'Content settings' button
To enable cookies in the "Cookies" section, pick 'Allow local data to be set', this will enable both first-party and third-party cookies. To allow only first-party cookies pick 'Block all third-party cookies without exception'
To disable cookies, in the "Cookies" section, pick 'Block sites from setting any data'
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Chrome. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Chrome, refer to the following page from Google: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet Options'
In the options window navigate to the 'Privacy' tab
To enable cookies: Set the slider to 'Medium' or below
To disable cookies: Move the slider to the top to block all cookies
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Explorer. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Internet Explorer, refer to the following page from Microsoft: http://windows.Microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' at the browser menu and select 'Options'
Select the Privacy panel
To enable cookies: Check 'Accept cookies for sites'
To disable cookies: Uncheck 'Accept cookies for sites'
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Firefox. For more information, refer to the following page from Mozilla: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
Opera
Click on 'Setting' at the browser menu and select 'Settings'
Select 'Quick Preferences'
To enable cookies: check "Enable Cookies"
To disable cookies: uncheck "Enable Cookies"
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Opera. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Opera, refer to the following page from Opera SoRACware: www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/.
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari'  at the menu bar and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security'
To enable cookies: In the 'Accept cookies' section select 'Only from site you navigate to'
To disable cookies: In the 'Accept cookies' section select 'Never'
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Safari. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Safari, refer to the following page from Apple: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/en/9277.html
All other browsers
Please look for a "help" function in the browser or contact the browser provider.
More detail on how businesses use cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Changes to our Cookie Statement Any changes we may make to our Cookie Statement in the future will be posted on this page.
Donate