http://www.msh.org/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use
Jump to navigation
Home
About MSHOur Mission
Board & Team
Financial DataSupporters
Annual Report
Careers
Our ExpertiseStrengthening Health SystemsGlobal Health Security
Financing Health Services
Leadership, Management & Governance
Pharmaceutical Management
Packages of CareHIV & AIDS
Tuberculosis
Malaria
Women's, Children's, and Adolescents' Health
Projects
CountriesAsia
Middle East and North Africa
Europe & Eurasia
Latin America & Caribbean
Sub-Saharan Africa
Fragile States
AdvocacyFCI Program of MSH
International Consortium for Emergency Contraception
Global Partnerships
Learning & Impact
MedSource
COVID-19: Responding to the Pandemic
ResourcesTools
Publications
LeaderNet
News & StoriesPress Room
Stories
Events
Partnerships
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
This policy describes how MSH goes about collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing the information that it receives about you from your interaction with any MSH websites, mobile applications, and social media (collectively the “MSH Platform”).
This policy may be changed at any time, in which case the revised Privacy Policy will apply to information collected after the date it is posted. By accessing the MSH Platform, you agree that you have read and understand the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
MSH has servers  located in the United States and is subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If you choose to access the MSH Platform, you consent to the use and disclosure of information you provide in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to such laws.
The MSH Platform is not intended for, and should not be used by, children under 13 years of age. MSH does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13, and in the event that MSH learns that the personal information of a child under 13 has been collected or received, it will be deleted.
Throughout this policy, you will see the terms “Management Sciences for Health” “MSH,” “we,” “our,” and “us” ­ these terms refer to Management Sciences for Health, a Massachusetts non-profit corporation with tax-exempt status pursuant to Internal Revenue Service Code Section 501(c)(3). You will also see the terms “I,” “you,” “your,” and “yours” - these terms refer to visitors to and users of our MSH Platform or any of the content contained therein.
Types of Information MSH May Collect
MSH may collect several types of information from and about users of our MSH Platform, including:
Personal Information you choose to provide. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, filling out forms, creating an account on MSH’s websites or on other components of the MSH Platform, or making a donation.
Information regarding financial transactions, namely donations, made through our website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Information about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access components of our MSH Platform, and usage details including:
traffic data, location data logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the MSH Platform.
your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Ways that MSH May Collect Information
MSH may collect information either directly from you the user, and/or automatically as you navigate through the MSH Platform. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through Google Analytics.
MSH only collects Personal Information when voluntarily and knowingly submitted by a visitor. You can have general access to our MSH Platform and browse websites describing our organization without providing any Personal Information or being required to register. If you choose to make a donation to MSH, whether by telephone, postal mail, or an MSH website, we will collect certain required financial information from you (such as your credit card information if you choose to submit your donation in that manner, and the donation amount).
Online donations are processed by a third-party service provider and you should read the section of our Terms of Use entitled "Links to Other Sites" and familiarize yourself with the privacy terms of all such non-MSH sites before using them.
Users may provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of the MSH Platform, or transmitted to other users of the MSH Platform. This information posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Some elements of the MSH Platform use “cookies” which are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from MSH’s web server and stored on your computer's hard drive for the purpose of collecting non-identifying information about you as a user, such as Web surfing behavior or user preferences for a specific website.MSH does not link information obtained through the use of cookies to individual user’s personal information.
Some web tracking information may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to you.  You can manually delete all cookies within your browser privacy settings. You can also set your browser to not accept cookies although this may prevent you from using some of the services offered on the MSH Platform.
How MSH May Use the Information it Collects
MSH may use the information that it collects in the following ways:
To help MSH present the MSH Platform components and their contents to users.
To provide users with information that they request from MSH.
To fulfill any other purpose for which the user provided the information.
In any other way that is described when a user provides the information.
For any other purpose with the user’s consent.
From time to time MSH may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
MSH may also disclose Personal Information that is collected as described above:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties who support MSH and its charitable purposes, who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which MSH disclosed it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which the user provided it.
For any other purpose disclosed by MSH when the user provided the information.
With the user’s consent.
How MSH Protects Personal Information
MSH uses reasonable security precautions to protect the security and integrity of user’s Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
MSH encrypts transmissions of personal information through our websites using secure socket layer technology (SSL) but cannot guarantee the security of personal information transmitted to the MSH Platform.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information transmitted to our websites or other MSH Platform components. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.  Without limitation of the foregoing, we are not responsible for the actions of hackers and other unauthorized third parties that breach our reasonable security procedures.
How Users Can Access and Correct Personal Information
Users can review and change any of the Personal Information they provided when registering for an account on the MSH Platform by logging into the appropriate website and visiting their account profile page.
For any other concerns regarding user information that was submitted via the MSH Platform contact communications@msh.org.
If a user deletes his/her contributions from the MSH Platform, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users.
For More Information
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact MSH at the address, phone number, or e-mail address listed below.
Management Sciences for Health200 Rivers Edge DriveMedford, Massachusetts 02155United StatesTelephone: 617.250.9500Email: communications@msh.org
By using any Management Sciences for Health (MSH) websites, mobile applications, or social media (collectively the “MSH Platform”) or any of the text, graphics, name, trademarks, logo, user interfaces, visual interfaces, information, data, tools, products, services and other content (together, "Content") contained therein, you hereby accept and agree to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Use.
This Terms of Use is a binding agreement between you and MSH, and governs your access and use of any part of the “MSH Platform”, including this website (the "Site"), and any of the Content it contains.
Throughout this policy, you will see the terms “Management Sciences for Health” “MSH,” “we,” “our,” and “us” these terms refer to Management Sciences for Health, a Massachusetts non-profit corporation with tax-exempt status pursuant to Internal Revenue Service Code Section 501(c)(3). You will also see the terms “I,” “you,” “your,” and “yours” - these terms refer to visitors to and users of our MSH Platform or any of the content contained therein.
Copyright and Permissions
MSH Copyrights
In general, content on the MSH Platform is protected by the copyright laws of the United States of America.
What you may do without permission:Without asking our permission, you are welcome to print pages from this website and to download the files that are specifically offered in downloadable format (usually, PDF, Word, or PowerPoint). You may also use, without prior permission, text from posted press releases. You may also link to this website and its contents without permission; kindly let us know if you have done so.
What you must request permission to do:If you want to reproduce, publish, or incorporate other text or images from this website into other websites, publications, or other materials that you or others produce, contact communications@msh.org for permission.
For all materials and information used from our MSH Platform, we ask that you credit original sources as given. If no other specific source or authorship information is shown, please credit the appropriate website.
It is the user’s responsibility to be aware of current copyright law and applications. The user agrees to indemnify Management Sciences for Health from any costs or claims for infringement of copyright in relation to copies of images or text from our MSH Platform.
Digital Millennium Copyright ACT (“DMCA”) Notice
MSH is committed to complying with copyright and related laws, and requires all users of the MSH Platform to comply with these laws. Accordingly, you may not store any material or content or use or disseminate any material or content though the MSH Platform in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by copyright law. Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) to report alleged infringements. You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of MSH to terminate use privileges of any user who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to MSH by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent.
If you believe that your work has been copied and posted using the MSH Platform in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact communications@msh.org.
Linking to the Management Sciences for Health Site and use of Content
Please be aware: by copying and/or downloading Content from the MSH Platform, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Use and any other terms and conditions that may be outlined elsewhere on this Site. Without limiting any other terms or conditions, the permission to use the Management Sciences for Health Site and Content, including our name and the logo and/or links bearing the name and logo, is subject to the following:
Use of the name and logo or links bearing the name and logo may not indicate or create an impression that Management Sciences for Health endorses, approves, sponsors or is affiliated with your products, goods, services, or your website.
Your use of the name and logo or links bearing the name and logo may not indicate or create an impression that Management Sciences for Health will benefit from the sale of any of your goods or services.
Links bearing the name and logo may only be used for the purpose of linking to our Site as designated within the link.
The links bearing the name and logo will always be active links.
The name and logo and/or link bearing the name and logo may not be combined with any other graphic elements; nor may they be altered in any manner including size, proportions, font, design, arrangement, colors, or elements; nor may they be animated, morphed, or otherwise distorted in perspective or appearance.
The name and logo and/or link bearing the name and logo may not appear more prominently than your personal, company, product, or service website name.
You will not transfer, assign, sell, reproduce, distribute, or otherwise exploit the name and logo or your link to us.
The Management Sciences for Health name and logo and/or link bearing the name and logo may not appear on any pages of any website that include content or advertising for alcoholic beverages, tobacco, pornography, partisan material, political material, or firearms.
Appropriate action by Management Sciences for Health may include, but is not limited to, the revocation of the right to use the name and logo and/or any links bearing the name and logo, in which event you agree to remove the name and logo and/or the links bearing the name and logo promptly, but in no event later than two business days of notice of revocation.
It is improper, and may be a violation of law, for you to post or download and distribute any material that you do not own or for which you do not have permission to use. PLEASE BE AWARE: violation of someone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights may subject you to civil and/or criminal penalties.
Inappropriate use of Management Sciences for Health Content
It is inappropriate to use the MSH Platform or Content for illegal, inappropriate, or obscene purposes, or in support of such activities. We define these terms as follows:
"Illegal activities" are those that violate laws, regulations and/or private agreements, including federal or state laws governing charitable activities, copyright laws, trademark laws, license agreements or other intellectual property rights.
“Inappropriate uses” are any uses other than as permitted by this Terms of Use, or as may be permitted elsewhere on our Site.
“Obscene activities” are those that violate generally accepted social standards for use of this type of material or technology.
PLEASE BE AWARE: MSH MAY SEEK APPROPRIATE ACTION TO TERMINATE ANY USES OF OUR CONTENT INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE NAME AND LOGO AND LINKS BEARING OUR NAME AND LOGO IN THE EVENT WE, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, DETERMINE THAT YOUR USE DOES NOT CONFORM TO ANY OF THE CONDITIONS OF THIS TERMS OF USE OR AS PROVIDED ELSEWHERE ON OUR WEBSITE; INFRINGES ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER RIGHTS OF MSH OR A THIRD PARTY; ADVERSELY AFFECTS MSH'S IMAGE, REPUTATION AND/OR OUR PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR PROGRAMS; VIOLATES ANY APPLICABLE LAW, REGULATION OR ORDINANCE; AND/OR IS A PROHIBITED ACTIVITY.
Listed below are some, but not all, prohibited activities that may result in action by Management Sciences for Health:
Posting, transmitting, or facilitating in the promotion of illegal content through the MSH Platform or Content.
Using our MSH Platform or our Content to harass, threaten, embarrass, or do anything else to another visitor or third party that is unwanted.
Transmitting or facilitating distribution of content that is untrue, threatening, harassing, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, obscene, defamatory, or objectionable.
Security Notice
For site security purposes and to ensure that the MSH Platform remains available to all users, some elements of the MSH Platform may employ software programs to monitor network traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on the MSH Platform service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Disclaimers
Links to Other Sites
The MSH Platform may include links to websites of other organizations which, we believe, may offer relevant information. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the disclaimers and security and privacy policies of the new site.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
The documents posted on the MSH Platform may contain hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These links and pointers are provided for visitors’ convenience. We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any linked information. Further, the inclusion of links or pointers to other websites is not intended to endorse, recommend, or favor any views expressed, or commercial products or services offered on these outside sites, or the organizations sponsoring the sites, by trade name, trademark, manufacture, or otherwise.
Reference on the MSH Platform to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the site’s visitors, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by MSH. The views and opinions of authors expressed on the MSH Platform do not necessarily state or reflect those of the MSH.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL MSH OR ITS DONORS/SUPPLIERS/LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE), WHICH INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA AND BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, EVEN IF MSH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Disclaimer of Liability
MSH makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of the MSH Platform and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in any of the contents of the MSH Platform.
With respect to the content of the MSH Platform, MSH makes no warranty, expressed or implied or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third-party rights, title, and the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to content available from the MSH Platform or other Internet resources linked from it. Additionally, MSH assumes no legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, product, or process disclosed on the MSH Platform or freedom from computer viruses, and does not represent that use of such information, product, or process would not infringe on privately owned rights.
Warranty Disclaimer
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE MSH PLATFORM IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU ASSUME ALL RISK. THE MSH PLATFORM IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS AVAILABLE,” “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MSH AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE MSH PLATFORM, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUALITY OF INFORMATION, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MSH DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE MSH PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE MSH PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE MSH PLATFORM WILL BE CORRECTED. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MSH IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD-PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
Other Disclaimers
The MSH Platform and the information contained herein is provided for informational and educational purposes only, and could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Information on the MSH Platform is provided with the understanding that MSH is not rendering professional advice or recommendations. You should not rely on any information on these pages to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Sign Up