https://www.eradimaging.com/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
eRADIMAGING.com believes strongly in protecting the privacy of the personally identifiable information you share with us. We also believe it is important to inform you about how we will use your personal data, and to give you choices about how those data will be used. Therefore, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
In general, this Privacy Policy applies to all personal information of consumers collected or used by eRADIMAGING.com. This includes information from offline collections of personal data for commercial use owned by eRADIMAGING.com.
eRADIMAGING.com will use your personal information for the following:
Receive occasional e-mails from eRADIMAGING.com about new CE programs, live meetings, and updates on the status of CE activities.
Receive you a status update on how many credits your have accumulated, as well as other programs available and programs that are coming soon.
Receive information regarding products and services from third-party advertisers.
Allow us to conduct market research to help us develop better products, to provide more responsive customer service, and to improve our website.
Safeguarding the Information You Share with Us
We recognize our responsibility to protect the information you entrust to us. eRADIMAGING.com uses a variety of secure techniques to protect your information, including secure servers, firewalls, and encryption of financial data. eRADIMAGING.com may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or newsgroups available to you. Please remember that any personally identifiable information you provide in these areas is also available to other users, and you should exercise caution before deciding to disclose it.
Your Rights
Once you have provided us with your personally identifiable information, you will have reasonable access to that information so you can change or delete it. You may do this by accessing your online profile. In your online profile, you will always have the option to unsubscribe to the sharing of your personal information and any online contact from eRADIMAGING.com or change your personal profile information.
Become a member
Satisfy your CE requirements today!
Join now
We offer special group rates, call or email.
908-253-9001
webmaster@eradimaging.com
Newsletter
Enter your email address to receive our new course alerts.