https://www.astrazeneca-us.com/legal-notice.html
Skip to content
skip to navigation
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit.
By using this website you consent to our use of these cookies.
Find out more about how we use cookies and how to manage them by reading our cookie notice.
Close
Search
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Close
AstraZeneca in the United States
AstraZeneca in the US
Contact us
Sustainability
Sustainability
Patient programs
Improving access to care
Health and science innovation
Employee Volunteerism and Giving
Request support
AstraZeneca HealthCare Foundation
Responsible business
Corporate transparency
Medicines
AstraZeneca medications
Affordability
AstraZeneca Direct
Product counterfeiting
Medical information for healthcare providers
Cancer Study Locator
Careers
Careers
Military careers
Media
Media
Blog
More
Hide
AstraZeneca Websites
Global site
AstraZeneca legal notice
Intellectual Property Rights
The contents of this Web site are copyrighted. AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP and AstraZeneca LP, members of the AstraZeneca group of companies (collectively, the "Company"), hereby authorize you to copy documents published on this Web site for non-commercial personal use only, provided that any copy of these documents which you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices and any disclaimer contained on the documents. Except as expressly provided above, you may not otherwise copy, display, download, distribute, modify, reproduce, republish or retransmit any information, text or documents contained in this Web site or any portion thereof in any electronic medium or in hard copy, or create any derivative work based on such images, text or documents, without the express written consent of the Company.
No information or statement contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of the Company, or its affiliates, or any third party. Except as expressly provided above, no information or statement contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any AstraZeneca group patent, copyright or trademark.
All product names referred to herein are trademarks of the AstraZeneca group of companies, its licensors or joint venture partners unless otherwise indicated.
Disclaimers
The Company has undertaken reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on its Web site. However, THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT THE WEB SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. All users agree that all access and use of this Web site and its content is at their own risk.
Neither the Company nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering this Web site shall be liable in any manner for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this Web site, or any errors or omissions in the content.
This Web site may provide links or references to other Internet sites maintained by third parties over whom the Company has no control. Such links are provided merely as a convenience to users of this Web site. The Company takes no responsibility for the content of such sites and makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in such sites, and shall have no liability for any damages or injuries of any kind arising from such content or information.
Prescribing Information
Product information provided on this site is intended for use by U.S. residents only. The dissemination of this information may be subject to different medical and regulatory requirements in other countries. This information is available to the public for educational purposes only; it should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease. It is not intended to substitute for consultation with a licensed healthcare provider. The Company cannot answer unsolicited emails requesting personal medical advice; please consult your healthcare provider.
Privacy Statement
View Privacy Statement
Submissions
The Company welcomes inquiries and comments from visitors to this site. However, any communications or information sent by a visitor to a Company-sponsored Web site or to the Company by electronic mail, including questions, comments, data, ideas or know-how, shall be deemed to be non-confidential and shall become the property of the Company, without compensation to the provider of such submissions. The Company shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and may reproduce, publish, disclose, and distribute to others all or any part of such information, without limitation, for any purpose whatsoever. The Company shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or inventions contained therein for any purpose, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services.
You are now leaving AstraZeneca-us.com
You have selected a link that will take you to a site maintained by a third party who is solely responsible for its contents.
AstraZeneca provides this link as a service to website visitors. AstraZeneca is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Click ‘cancel’ to return to AstraZeneca’s site or ‘continue’ to proceed.
Cancel
Continue
?
Important notice for users
You are about to access AstraZeneca historic archive material. Any reference in these archives to AstraZeneca products or their uses may not reflect current medical knowledge and should not be used as a source of information on the present product label, efficacy data or safety data. Please refer to your approved national product label (SmPC) for current product information.
I have read this warning and will not be using any of the contained product information for clinical purposes.
I disagree
I agree
?
?