http://www.njha.com/terms-of-use/
Member Access
ABOUT NJHAPRESS ROOMEVENTSCONTACT US
MEMBERSHIPPOLICY & ADVOCACYQUALITY & SAFETYEDUCATIONCOMMUNITY HEALTHBUSINESS SERVICESRESOURCES
Home
Terms of Use
General Terms of Use
General Terms of Use
Hospital & Price Compare
Privacy Policy
Secure Ordering
Cookies
NJHA Member Directory
Listservs
General Terms of Use
General Terms of Use
Welcome to the Internet sites (“Sites”), applications and services provided by the New Jersey Hospital Association (“NJHA”). These Terms of Use govern your access and use of the online Services provided by NJHA and its subsidiaries, affiliates, brands and entities that it controls, including but not limited to the Health Research & Educational Trust of New Jersey and NJHA Healthcare Business Solutions (collectively “we,” “us,” or “our”). Please read these Terms carefully before accessing or using our Services.
Each time you access and use our Sites and Services, you signify that you have read and understand, and agree to be bound by, these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, you are not permitted to use the Services. Your use of the Services must comply with our policies. These Terms have the same force and effect as an agreement in writing.
Registration and Responsibilities
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining at your own cost all equipment and services needed for access to and use of the Services. When you register with us and each time you access our Services, you may be providing certain information about yourself and/or your organization. You agree that you have control, authority or appropriate licensure to share the information you submit and that we may use any information that we obtain from you in accordance with the provisions of our Privacy Policy and that you have no ownership or proprietary interest in your account other than as set out in these Terms.
Copyrights, Trademark Rights, and Restrictions on Use
The format and contents of this Site including without limitation, video, text, photos, and graphics, is protected under United States and international copyright laws, is subject to other intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws, and is owned by us or our licensors. Users may download material from this site provided that any reproduction of the material is for legal, noncommercial purposes, and does not materially alter the content. Users may not download any membership list for any commercial purposes without permission from NJHA.
If you believe that a material on the Site is infringing your copyright, please provide written notice to the contact listed at the bottom of these Terms for notice of claims of copyright infringement.
If you believe that your trademark is being used on the Services in a way that constitutes trademark infringement, you or your agent may notify us in writing at the address listed at the bottom of these Terms.
With respect to copyright and trademark claims, we may require that your response provides the accurate identity of the owner, contact information, and the specific nature of the complaint.
Third Party Content and Links
We may provide links to other Web sites or Internet resources for your convenience only, and such links do not signify or imply our endorsement of such other Web site or resource or its contents over which we have no control and which we do not monitor. You use those links at your own risk and should apply a reasonable level of caution and discretion in doing so. You agree that we shall have no responsibility or liability for any information, software, or materials found at any other Web site or Internet resource.
Password, Security and Confidentiality
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password to access the Services, and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your password. We reserve the right to require you to alter your password if we believe that your password is no longer secure. You agree that we will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to adequately safeguard your password or someone else’s use of your account.
Information obtained by you via your account and information disclosed directly to you by us (“Confidential Information”) shall be kept strictly confidential by you and used only for the purpose of interacting with and transacting with us and shall not be disclosed by you in whole or in part, directly or indirectly to any third party, provided that: (a) you may disclose such information to any of your employees, attorneys and other professional advisors (if appropriate) for the purpose of working with you in connection with your decision to use the Services, on the basis that you understand that you will be responsible for their use and handling of such information; and (b) Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) was in your lawful possession before it was disclosed, without confidentiality restrictions; (ii) you obtain from a third party on an unrestricted basis other than through breach of these Terms or breach of any other obligation of confidentiality on you or the third party; (iii) is developed by you independently of us and any information received by you from us; or (iv) you are required to disclose in accordance with applicable law, provided that you give us as much advance written notice of such requirement as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances.
Limitations of Liability
We give you a personal, revocable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable and non-exclusive right to access and use the Services in the manner permitted by these Terms. You acknowledge that you have no right to have access to all or any part of the Services in source code form.
NJHA shall not be liable for any damages of any kind, under any theory of liability, resulting from user’s access to the Web site or use of any information contained therein or use of any information contained in linked Web sites. Inclusion of a link on this Site does not represent endorsement of that link or its contents by NJHA or any of its affiliated organizations.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Services with or without notice to you. Without limitation to the preceding sentence, we may periodically schedule system downtime for maintenance and other purposes. You also acknowledge that unplanned system outages may occur. Our Sites are provided over the Internet and so the quality and availability of the Sites may be affected by factors outside our reasonable control. Accordingly, we cannot accept any responsibility for any connectivity issues that you may experience when using the Sites or for any loss of material, data, transactions or other information caused by system outages, whether planned or unplanned. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party should NJHA exercise its right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Services.
Disclaimer of Warranties
NJHA disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, relating to this Site and any information contained therein, including warranties, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information. We provide the Services on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We give you a personal, revocable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable and non-exclusive right to access and use the Services in the manner permitted by these Terms. You acknowledge that you have no right to have access to all or any part of the Services in source code form.
You acknowledge that access to data (including, but not limited to, documents, photographs, and software files) stored by you or others on the Services is not guaranteed and that we shall not be responsible to you for any loss of data caused by the Services or their unavailability. We make no warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Services, or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the Services, or that defects in the Services will be corrected. You understand and agree that any material and/or information downloaded or otherwise obtained via the use of the Services is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage arising therefrom.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, subcontractors and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorney fees) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from your (or anyone using your accounts) violation of these Terms. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim.
Contact Information:Legal Affairs, New Jersey Hospital Association760 Alexander RoadP.O. Box 1Princeton, New Jersey 08543-0001P: 609.275.4000
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyContactJobs at NJHA