http://www.dentalcomposites.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Dental Composites -
Cosmedent - Spreading Smiles
Visit Cosmedent today at www.cosmedent.com
Composite Techniques
Class I
Class II
Class III
Class IV
Incisal Edge Troughing
Composite Repair
Diastema Closure
Color Change Veneer
Gingival Margin Repair
Direct Composite Veneer
Porcelain Fused to Metal Repair
Technique Videos
Composite Cases
Composite Bonding by Dr. Lorin Berland
Porcelain Repair by Dr. Bob Margeas
Treating Discolored Teeth by Dr. Corky Willhite
Fracture of #8 and #9 by Gerald C. Benjamin
A composite Classic by Dr. Anthony Dioguardi
Problem Solving
CE Courses
About Us
About Cosmedent
About CEE
Home.Privacy Policy
share
e-mail
print page
Privacy Policy
The contents of the Cosmedent, Inc. web site are provided as general information only. In no event will Cosmedent, Inc.. or the contributors of information to this site be liable to you or anyone else for any action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special, or similar damages. The following discloses Cosmedent's practices for protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site, www.cosmedent.com.
Access to All Sections of the Web Site Without Providing Personal Information
Visitors can access all informational sections of the web site without providing any personal, identifying information.
Collection of Cookies
Cosmedent, Inc. never collects or uses cookies (an electronic place-holder on visitors' personal computers) for any reason other than normal shopping cart functionality; and, visitors always can accept or reject any cookies from our web site by taking advantage of the related settings and tools on their own computers. Visitors have the choice of saving their name and address information in a cookie for future ordering convenience. Note that credit card information will not be stored in this cookie. Please be aware of any personal security and/or cookie collection on the computer you are using.
Voluntary Use of Contact Forms
Cosmedent, Inc. Contact Forms are the only two forms on the site where visitors may voluntarily provide personal information, including name, company/organization, city and state of residence, email and telephone numbers. The contact information is only used to contact the visitor as requested. Cosmedent, Inc. does NOT collect personally identifiable contact information, and does NOT distribute to third parties any information provided on Cosmedent, Inc. Forms. We will not disclose under any circumstances an individual's/employee's identifying information provided by voluntary use of a Contact Form, or specific use of the system to any individual, employer, or organization. Further, only a group of trained and authorized employees has access to information you volunteer via a Contact Form and they along with all our employees must abide by our privacy policy. Those who violate our privacy policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Helpful Links
Our site contains links to other sites. These links are provided for your convenience and are not intended as an endorsement by Cosmedent, Inc. of the organizations operating these sites nor as a warranty of the information they contain. Cosmedent, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites, and urge users to review privacy policies. Again, visitors always can accept or reject any cookies from our web sites by taking advantage of the related settings and tools on their own computers.
Contacting Cosmedent, Inc. Regarding This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with our web site, please contact:
Web Site Manager
Cosmedent, Inc.
401 N. Michigan Ave.,
Suite 2500
Chicago, IL 60611
Telephone: 1-800-621-6729
Featured Videos
Incisal Troughing by Dr. Bud Mopper
Dr. Bud Mopper shows you his step-by-step troughing technique. A great but often overlooked profit center for dentists.
watch now>
The Mylar Pull
Dr. Corky Willhite shows you a technique to achieve great countours and contacts on your composite restorations.
watch now>
How to do a core build up in a unique way
Dr. Bob Margeas demostrate how to replace two large amalgam restorations with core material without the use of a matrix band.
watch now>
Follow Us On
Join Our Mailing List
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Cosmedent.com
©2020 Dental Composites, Inc.