http://www.amersa.org/privacy-policy/
Contact : NEW! COVID-19 Resources page
Call Us: (401) 230-2165   |   Contact Us
Privacy Policy
AMERSAPrivacy Policy
What Is AMERSA
Our Impact
Become a Member
AMERSA Annual Conference
The Journal
Donate to AMERSA
July 7, 2015
AMERSA (The Association for Multidisciplinary Education and Research in Substance use and Addiction) (hereafter referred to as AMERSA) has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of the users of our website. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy, and how we treat personally identifiable information collected from our visitors and users.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers AMERSA’s treatment of personally identifiable information collected by AMERSA through the website.
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of third party companies that AMERSA does not own or control, or of persons that AMERSA does not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any other website or organization to which the AMERSA website links.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
You can visit the AMERSA website without revealing any personal information. However, AMERSA needs certain personal information if you wish to become a member or attend a conference, receive an AMERSA newsletter, or other communication.
Where required, this information may include your personal contact information and/or your company contact information. AMERSA will use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with requested memberships, registration information, and to contact you.
By accessing the AMERSA and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
AMERSA automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested. AMERSA may use this information to fulfill your requests, improve our customer service, grow our services and our general communication.  However, AMERSA does not connect this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
AMERSA may disclose your personal information to third parties who work on behalf of AMERSA to provide products and services requested by you. We will share personal information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to personal information
AMERSA may otherwise disclose your personal information when:
We have your express consent to share the information for a specified purpose;
We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or such other legal process;
We need to protect the personal safety of the users of our websites or defend the rights or property of AMERSA;
We find that your actions on our website violates the AMERSA Terms of Use document or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Consent
If you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information to AMERSA. If you have provided personal information to AMERSA and no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please notify AMERSA at our national office (see Contact Us page on this website).
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, the information you provide AMERSA is protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, AMERSA uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures.
Further, AMERSA retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified above or as required by law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
AMERSA may at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of the AMERSA website after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own personal information, please visit this website’s Contact Us page and call or email us.