https://www.usafireandrescue.com/privacy.html
New Members
Recipes & Cooking
Photos
Add/Modify Dept
Add Department
Update Department
Setup/Modify Extra Pages
Home
Add/Modify Dept
Revisions
Recipes
Contact Us
Help
Privacy Statement for USA Fire and Rescue
USA Fire and Rescue has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: USA Fire and Rescue.
Information This Site Gathers/Tracks
Our web site logs IP addresses, but we do not link IP addresses to anything personally
identifiable.
A user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
USA Fire and Rescue makes webpages for Public Safety Agencies in the United States.
We use public contact information (like names, addresses, and telephone numbers)
to construct the webpages.
Agencies may voluntarily add to, modify or construct
their USA Fire and Rescue webpage by filling out a form and/or supplying us with department information such
as names, addresses, phone numbers, photos, text, links, emails and/or other information to be placed on their USA Fire and Rescue webpage.
This information is used only to construct, update or maintain a department's webpage on the website.
USA Fire and Rescue will not sell, rent or lease this information.
Visitors to the site may voluntarily fill out and submit a revision form or send us an email to inform us of
incorrect information (like names, addresses, telephone numbers, etc) for agencies on the site.
USA Fire and Rescue will not sell, rent or lease this information.
We normally send a reply back to the email address used to submit the form or email to let the individual know the
addition or update to the website has been completed or
to follow up with any questions we may have in regards to the submitted information.
Forms used by website visitors to submit department updates, additions or revisions are provided by
Jotform Inc.
To learn more about their Privacy Policy, please go here.
Use of the Information this Site Gathers/Tracks
Our website logs IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
We collect and store statistics about the online activities of our visitors on a collective
basis. We use this information on an aggregated basis to collect broad demographic
information about user trends, count the number of users of our services,
to provide advertising services and to continue to enhance and improve our site.
We use the information and materials voluntarily submitted to us by Agencies
to construct/maintain their USA Fire and Rescue webpage and to verify information that was submitted.
USA Fire and Rescue values your privacy.
We will not sell,
rent or lease this information.
We use the information from the revision forms voluntarily submitted to us by visitors
to correct and/or update agencies on the site and to verify information that was submitted.
USA Fire and Rescue values your privacy.
We will not sell,
rent or lease this information.
Relationships
USA Fire and Rescue maintains special relationships with various strategic partners and companies.
These partners and companies may gather
additional information from you; USA Fire and Rescue sometimes
has access to some or all of the information, and the partner's use of the information
is not within our control. USA Fire and Rescue is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
USA Fire and Rescue shall have no responsibility or liability if these partners or companies contact,
or permit a third party to contact or provide or disclose User's Registration Data to
any third party.
Links and Linked Sites
This site contains links to other sites.
USA Fire and Rescue is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
All reasonable care is taken by our staff in handling your personal information to ensure its security both offline and online.
Cookies
You may be served cookies from our partners, advertisers or advertising agencies while
visiting our site.
Anonymous visitor statistics cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website,
what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't
working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page
they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called "analytics" programs also
tell us if, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether
they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for
you instead of marketing spend.
This website uses online forms by JotForm Inc for website visitors to submit department updates, additions or revisions.
To learn more about their cookies and Privacy Policy, please go here.
This website uses Google Analytics - you can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics (we'd prefer you didn't
though as this data is seriously helpful to us in improving our website).
To learn more on how Google
manages data, please go here.
This site also uses Google Adsense / DoubleClick which uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Please visit this page which explains how
Google manages data in its ads products.
We currently have Google Ads to show only non-personalized ads to all our users in the EEA.
Non-personalized
ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of a user.
Although these ads don't use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to
allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
Please visit this page which explains how
Google manages data in its ads products.
We currently have Google Ads set to show only non-personalized ads to eligible users in California.
This will start from December 12, 2019.
Non-personalized
ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of a user.
Although these ads don't use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to
allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
Please visit this page which explains how
Google manages data in its ads products.
Opting Out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the
Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out
by visiting the the DAA opt-out program or the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page
or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
If you wish to block other cookies, including those being served by companies that are not part
of the NAI or the DAA you can use the browser-level cookie controls.
The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most web browsers may tell you how to prevent your web browser
from accepting new cookies, how to have your web browser notify you when you receive a new cookie,
and how to disable cookies altogether. By disabling cookies altogether, however, you will not be able
to take full advantage of some of USAFireandRescue.com's features or the website may not function properly,
we therefore recommend that you leave
cookies turned on, or at least instruct your web browser to make an exception for cookies sent to you by USAFireandRescue.com.
To learn more about cookies and how to control and disable cookies, please visit the Cookies & You website.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
webmaster@usafireandrescue.com