https://www.cincinnatieye.com/conditions-treatments/treatments/restylane-injectable-gel/
Search for:
COVID-19 SAFETY PROTOCOL
Learn More
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
Search
Search
Contact Us
Home
About
Careers
Clinical Research
Research Volunteers for Clinical Trials
Clinical Research Team
Research Department Contact Information
Fellowship Programs
Current CEI Fellows
CEI Cornea Fellowship
CEI Glaucoma Fellowship
CEI Retina Fellowship
Introduction
Surgical Experience
Call Schedule
Rotation and Clinical Responsibilities
Salary and Benefits
Application and Interviews
Fellowship Faculty and Alumni
Testimonials
CEI Blog
CEI Doctors
Specialties
Cataract Surgery
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Diabetic Eye Care
Dry Eye Disease
Face & Eye
Glaucoma
Hearing Services
Neuro Ophthalmology
Retinal Diseases
Urgent Ophthalmology
Vision Correction Options
Patient Information
FAQs
Online Bill Pay
Financial Information
Patient Portal
Request an Appointment
HIPAA Privacy Policies
COVID-19 Safety Protocol
Referring Doctors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Telehealth Visits
Book an Appointment
Home
Face & Eye Aesthetic Center
/
Fillers and Injectables
/
Restylane® Injectable Gel
Restylane® Injectable Gel
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved Restylane® injectable gel is a cosmetic “filler” that contains hyaluronic acid (HA), a natural substance that is found in the body. HA gives volume and elasticity to the skin, but as the body ages, HA levels decrease, resulting in loose skin and wrinkling. When injected, Restylane gel is designed to plump the skin beneath lines and wrinkles, smoothing them out and making them less noticeable.
Call Now
Book an Appointment
Find A Doctor
Locations
Last Updated: November 4, 2020
The most common areas for Restylane treatment are the glabellar lines (which run between the eyebrows) and the nasolabial folds (which run from the sides of the nose to the corners of the mouth). Restylane injectable gel is also FDA-approved, for those 21 and older, for enhancing the lips. According to manufacturer Medicis, results can last for up to 6 months, at which point the hyaluronic acid is reabsorbed by the body.
Benefits of Restylane Injectable Gel
When injected, Restylane gel plumps up glabellar lines and nasolabial folds, making skin appear younger and look smoother. When used for lip enhancement, it makes the lips fuller and gives them more definition.
Advantages of Restylane Injectable Gel
One significant advantage that Restylane injectable gel has over other facial fillers made with hyaluronic acid is that it contains nothing of animal origin. As a result, it does not require a potential user to undergo allergy testing, which can sometimes take weeks.
Another advantage is that Restylane injections are performed in-office, usually by a dermatologist, in less than half an hour, and require little-to-no downtime for the patient.
Side Effects of Restylane Injectable Gel
The most common side effects of Restylane injectable gel are swelling, redness, pain, bruising and tenderness in and around the injection sites. They typically go away within a week. Although considered safe for most patients, Restylane injections carry a risk of infection, bleeding or allergic reaction.
Schedule an Appointment
If you are interested in learning more about any of our cosmetic medical treatments, call 513-569-3223 today to schedule an appointment.
Contact Us
The
doctors at Cincinnati Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed the content on this site.
Call
Appointments
Search