http://www.wregional.com/main/chronic-conditions
Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs: Click here
Online Screening: Click here
Screening Hotline: 479.463.2055
COVID-19 Urgent Need: How the Community Can Help: Click here
Home
Medical Center
Career Opportunities
DAISY Award
Discharge Education
Email a Patient
Emergency Department
Financial Assistance
Helpful Phone Numbers
ICU/CCU
Living Will/Advance Directive Form
Make a Payment Online
Maps & Directions
Medical Center Billing
Medical Records Release Form
Medicare Resources
Nearby Hotel Accommodations
Patient Guide
Patient Medication Form
Pricing Transparency
Volunteer Opportunities
For Patients/Visitors
For Family & Visitors
For Patients
Interpreters Available at No Charge
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Online Bill Pay
Washington Regional COVID-19 Safety Measures
Comprehensive Care
For Health Professionals
Employment Opportunities
Health Partners
Physician Opportunities
Nursing Opportunities
Medical Staff Services
Services
55PLUS Program
American Heart Association Classes
Cancer Support Home
Cardiac Rehabilitation
Center for Exercise
Clinical Research
Diabetes Education
Dialysis
Emergency Department
Faith In Action
Heart Health
Home Health
Hospice
Hospital Medicine
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy
Imaging
IV Infusion
Laboratory Services
Nutrition Counseling
Outpatient Therapy Services
PACE of the Ozarks
Palliative & Supportive Care
Pastoral Care
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
Senior Health
Sleep Disorders
Trauma Center
Women's Health
Clinics/Facilities
Primary Care Clinics
Eureka Springs
Farmington
Fayetteville
Harrison
Lincoln
Springdale
Urgent Care
Bentonville
Fayetteville
Harrison
Rogers
Springdale
Integrative Medicine
Integrative Gynecology Clinic
Internal Medicine Associates
Specialty Clinics
Balance Disorders Clinic
Brain and Spine Surgery Clinic
Cardiovascular Clinic
Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery
Conservative Spine Clinic
Endocrinology Clinic
General Surgery Clinic
Gynecologic Oncology
Harrison Cardiology Clinic
HerHealth Clinic
Imaging Clinic
Interventional Neuroradiology Clinic
Interventional Pain Management Clinic
Memory Disorders Clinic
Movement Disorders Clinic
Neurology Clinic
Ozark Urology
Renal Specialists of NWA
Rheumatology Clinic
Sleep Medicine Clinic
Total Spine Physical Therapy
Wound Care Clinic
Institutes
J.B. Hunt Transport Services
Neuroscience Institute
Walker Heart Institute
Facilities
Cancer Support Home
Center for Exercise
Center for Sleep Disorders
Dialysis Centers of NWA
William L. Bradley
Medical Plaza
North Hills Surgery Center
Pat Walker Center for Seniors
Springdale Center for Health
Willard Walker Hospice Home
Women and Infants Center
About
Report to the Community
Board of Directors
Community Health Needs Assessment
Comprehensive Care
Contact Us
Corporate Compliance
History
Leadership Team
Message from the CEO
Mission, Vision, and Values
Press Releases
Quality and Recognition
Washington Regional Medical Foundation
Home / Clinics/Facilities / Shiloh Clinic / Chronic Conditions
Section Menu...Shiloh Clinic • Patient Portal (for existing patients)
• Community Resources
Chronic Conditions
Chronic Care Management is a service for patients with two or more chronic conditions. Research has proven that Americans with increased access and coordination get better care with more results at a lower cost.
What does CCM include?
A set of services geared toward your particular health needs and preferred mode of communication.
Access to your own personal Care Manager anytime and all the time you need it. Your Care Manager is intimately familiar with your individual care needs, and dedicated solely to you and a limited number of other Care Management members.
An individualized care plan available electronically for you to access and/or share 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
At least 20 minutes per month of care plan review and progress update for chronic conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, etc.
Coordination of care, meaning we make a point to communicate with other healthcare professionals in your life, and we incorporate their actions to our plans.
What insurances cover CCM?
Humana
What is my part?
Checkups: Monthly phone or electronic communication checkups are scheduled and required.
Compliance: When you and your Care Manager agree on a plan, follow it.
Courtesy: Feel free to address your urgent needs in an urgent manner, but please don’t abuse the service.
Communication: Contact your Care Manager about any healthcare you receive so that we can coordinate this in your plan.
Care Managers
Your care managers are the very nurses who take care of you when you see the physicians at Shiloh Clinic. You will be assigned a compassionate nurse who knows your history. Each of our nurses is an expert at coordinating care on your behalf. They have extensive knowledge of the medical community and what services are available to improve your health. You will have 24-hour access who exhibit caring and competence. They have many years of combined clinical experience, which allows them to bring you a high level of care. The Shiloh nurses are excited about this opportunity to serve you better and develop a one-on-one relationship through our Chronic Care Management program. We feel that this will allow us to become your true partner in healthcare.
Team Approach
Shiloh Clinic embraces the team approach to patient healthcare. We gave a lot of consideration to the composition and function of our care teams. Our nurses, as team members, take more ownership and initiative and demonstrate increased camaraderie and mutual respect, resulting in better communications with our patients. High-performing clinical teams organized to provide proactive care are a tremendous resource in managing chronic diseases.
Team Meeting
Our physicians and nurses meet weekly to discuss the best ways to improve chronic disease management. This reinforces the Shiloh vision that your chronic medical conditions are a high priority for us and deserve our focused attention.
Loading...