https://www.mda.org.au/policies/mission-statement/
Skip to content
Vision and Mission
Vision and MissionBoris M Struk2020-10-30T11:31:41+11:00
In 1984 Boris and Ineke Struk were told by a neurologist that their youngest son, Ryan, had Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, one of the severest forms of muscular dystrophies.
The lack of support available at the time prompted Boris to build upon MDA. A place to turn to for those in the community who have MD, as well as their families.
Today, Muscular Dystrophy Australia (MDA) is a registered NDIS provider and is the one stop shop for information and support for people living with over 60 neuromuscular conditions.
People can receive a diagnosis of Muscular Dystrophy at any age. They are rare conditions, sometimes, but not always, genetic in cause. To date there is no cure for any form of MD and some conditions are life-limiting or can lead to degenerative disability.
Our vision
To work towards a world without Muscular Dystrophy
Our mission
To provide practical support and hope to the MD community
MDA services
One-stop shop for easy access to knowledge, referrals, and information for people anywhere in Australia.
Support groups, connecting with others available to all clients via MDA through virtual and in-person
activities.
Support clients to navigate the NDIS and MyAgedCare via MDA provider services
Respite activities and opportunities for clients to broaden their horizons and live the life they choose.
Search for:
Donate Harley Raffle
Follow us!
Recent Posts
COVID-19 and its impact on people with neuromuscular conditions’ Survey Report
Carers Victoria donates lifesaving equipment to Muscular Dystrophy Australia
Will you give the gift of hope this Christmas?
Help shape the accessibility of Victorian bus stops for people with disability!
Funeral Service for Ryan Adam Struk
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events at this time.
Tweets by MDAust
MDA NewsletterThe Messenger Newsletter provides current information on the Programs and Services delivered by MDA and relevant external organisations.
To subscribe, please enter your full name and details below:-
First Name
Last name
Email
Subscribing I accept the privacy rules of this site
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok