http://www.epilepsyadvocate.com/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Login / Register
Enter your keywords
Home
Types of Seizures
Partial-onset seizures
Seizure Clusters
Blog
Specials
Our Advocates
Get involved
Resources
Scholarship
Privacy Policy
You are here
Home »
Privacy Policy
Welcome
This Website (“Website” or “Site”) is owned by UCB, Inc. As used in this Privacy Policy, “You” or “Your” refers to users of this Website. “We” or “Us” includes UCB, Inc. (“UCB”) and its related companies.
Your privacy is important to Us. UCB, Inc. is committed to maintaining the highest level of confidentiality regarding the personal information that We collect, use, maintain, and disclose. This Privacy Policy explains how We handle the personal information You provide to UCB within the United States. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting Your information to this Website. This Privacy Policy applies only to data collected through this Website and does not apply to any other data collected by UCB online or offline.
UCB is not a healthcare provider (e.g., a doctor, hospital, pharmacist, etc.) and is generally not subject to the Privacy Rule under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, commonly known as HIPAA, which imposes additional requirements on healthcare providers relating to protected health information.
Your consent
By using this Website, You agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever You submit information via this Website, You consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of Your information and other information received by Us as a result of such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, and as permitted or required by applicable law.
About children
This Website is not intended for persons under the age of 18. We will not knowingly collect information from Website visitors unless You have indicated that You are age 18 or older by submitting information to Us. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose via the Internet.
Active information collection
In general. We collect and store information You enter on our Website. This may include:
Direct Identifiers such as Your first and last name, telephone number, postal address and e-mail address;
Personal Characteristics such as Your age, ethnicity, gender, or Your relationship to a disease (e.g., as a diagnosed patient, a friend or relative of such a patient, or as a healthcare provider);
Health Information such as the date of Your medical diagnosis or information related to medication(s) taken or other treatment(s) such as Your experience with certain therapies;
If You are a healthcare provider, we may ask for Your Professional Information such as Your professional credentials (e.g., pharmacist), specialty or hospital affiliation; and
Other Information such as the name of Your treating physician(s) or information related to Your health insurance coverage.
You may choose not to provide this or other information through our Website, but in general, some information about You is required in order for You to register as a member; request to subscribe to a newsletter; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our Website.
Information from other sources. We also may periodically obtain information about You from other sources (for example, insurance companies) and add it to Your account information. Examples of information We may receive includes updated delivery and address information, which We use to correct and update our records; and demographic information.
Information collected automatically. We automatically collect some information about Your computer when You visit our Website. For example, We will collect Your IP address, web browser software (such as Microsoft Edge), and referring Website. We also may collect information about Your online activity within our Website, such as the pages You visited. One of our goals in collecting this automatic information is to help customize Your user experience.
Cookies. We may assign Your computer a “cookie” (a small, unique identifier text file). For example, whenever You sign into the Website, We record Your member ID and name on Your member account in a cookie file on Your computer. We also may record Your password in this cookie file, if You check “Remember me.” You can always choose not to receive a cookie file by enabling Your Web browser to refuse cookies or to prompt You before accepting a cookie. Please note that if You refuse to accept cookies from our Website, You may not be able to access some of the tools We offer.
Analytics information. Our website also uses tools like Google Analytics to measure traffic to our site and how users interact with our site. Google Analytics employs cookies in order to facilitate an analysis of Your use of this site; the information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of Your visits to our Website, including Your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
Website users who do not want their data collected with Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript running on websites to prohibit sending information to Google Analytics.
To opt-out of Analytics for the web, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ and install the add-on for Your browser. For more details, please see the relevant help resources for Your specific browser.
Use of information
Except as otherwise stated, We may use Your personal information for the following general purposes:
to provide You with the services You request, including any follow-up activities;
to manage Your account;
to respond to Your questions and comments;
to measure interest in and improve the content of our Website;
to customize this Website to Your preferences;
to analyze and better understand Your needs, preferences, and interests;
to send You information about products in which You may be interested;
to solicit information from You, including through surveys;
to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems;
to enforce our Terms of Use; and
for other purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or described to You at the point of collection.
For information regarding Your choices about such uses, please review the “Your choices” section of this Privacy Policy below. We will not sell Your name, address, e-mail address, or any other personal information to another party for their own marketing use.
Disclosure of information
We may disclose Your personal information to other UCB affiliates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, We may disclose Your personal information in the following circumstances:
to third-party vendors We use to support our business (e.g., Internet service providers, hosting companies, financial institutions, and companies that provide business analytics, fulfillment services, technical support, and delivery services), in which case We will require such third parties to agree to treat Your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
to trusted third-party businesses with which We partner to offer You products and services;
in connection with a corporate transaction, such as the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this Website to which the information relates;
in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by applicable laws or government regulations;
to protect and defend the rights of UCB, this Website or the users of this Website;
under circumstances We believe reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of users of UCB, Inc.’s products and services, this Website or the public; or
as is otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services We believe You will find of interest.
Access and deletion requests
If permitted by local laws, You have the right to request access to (or correction of) the personal information We have collected about You in a portable and readily usable format. In addition, You can request that We delete Your personal information in accordance with local laws. Please submit Your request(s) using the address listed in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to Your verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If We determine Your request warrants a fee, We will explain why We made that decision and provide You with a cost estimate before completing Your request.
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) gives California consumers the right to know what personal information is collected about them, how it will be used and to whom it is disclosed.  In addition, the CCPA provides You (as a California resident) with specific rights subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Know. You have the right under the CCPA to request that We disclose what personal information We collect, use, disclose, and sell.
The Right to Deletion. You have the right under the CCPA to request deletion of any personal information about You that We have collected from You.
The Right to Opt-Out. You have the right under the CCPA to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information.
The Right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right under the CCPA not to be discriminated against for exercising Your rights.
Please note that some of the personal information that We collect, use, and disclose may be exempt from the CCPA because it is regulated by other federal and state laws that apply to Us.
Nevada Privacy Law
We do not sell Covered Information as defined under Nevada law.
Your choices
You may choose:
not to provide personal information, but that may result in Your inability to obtain certain services or use certain features of our Website;
to stop receiving commercial e-mails from Us in any such message We send or by sending an e-mail to the contact address at the bottom of this policy;
to delete or decline cookies by changing Your browser settings. (Click “Help” in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) If You do so, some of the features and services of our Website may not function properly; or
to review and update Your personal information by contacting Us at the link below and, if You have an online account on our Website, by logging into that account.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect Your personal information as You transmit Your information from Your computer to Us and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no technology is ever 100% secure or error-free. Therefore, although We take steps to secure Your information, We do not promise, and You should not expect, that Your personal information or other communications will always remain private.
Links to other Websites
This Website may contain links or references to other Websites. Please be aware that We do not control other Websites and that, in any case, this Privacy Policy does not apply to those Websites. We encourage You to read the privacy policy of every Website You visit.
Other terms
Your use of this Website is subject to our Terms of Use.
International users
This Website is intended for use only by U.S. residents and You have indicated that You are a U.S. resident by entering this Website. Personal information that You have voluntarily entered electronically may be delivered to servers located in the United States and other countries outside of the country in which You reside. By using the Website, You consent to the transfer of any and all personal information that You provide to Us and to our use and disclosure of such personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If You have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Website, You can contact Us at UCB, Inc., Attn: UCBCares, 1950 Lake Park Drive, Smyrna, GA 30080, or contact Us by email or telephone.
Changes to this privacy policy
Without prejudice to Your rights under applicable law, We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes, and good business practices. If We change our privacy practices, an updated version of this Privacy Policy will reflect those changes and We will notify You of such changes by updating the effective date below.
This Privacy Policy was last updated February 24, 2020.
About
Created in 2006 by UCB, a biopharmaceutical company that focuses on immunology and neurology research and treatment, EpilepsyAdvocate is a community of people living with epilepsy, their family members, and their caregivers.
BLOG POSTS
WELCOME TO THE COMMUNITY!
EpilepsyAdvocate
Join the community on Facebook or YouTube!
© 2020 UCB, Inc. All rights reserved. "Epilepsy Advocate," "Strength in numbers," and "The Epilepsy Company" are trademarks of the UCB Group of Companies.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use
USP-DSEP1015-0068(1)c
Cookie Notice
This website makes use of a limited number of cookies to improve your browsing experience. For further information (including how you can revoke your consent), please visit our Cookie Policy. By clicking the "Accept" button or proceeding on this website (including the closing of this post), you confirm that you have read about, and consent to, our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
Accept