http://www.acupuncture.com/privacy.htm
Contribute
Acupuncture.Com
accepts article contributions. Email submissions to
contact@acupuncture.com
Privacy Policy
Acupuncture.com takes your privacy seriously and is committed to
protecting your privacy. This means that we will not distribute, trade, sell or
rent your name, e-mail address or other personal information provided on this
site to any third party. Any personally identifying information collected for
the Acupuncture.com Directory is used only for inquiry fulfillment (referrals)
or company news subscription purposes. Acupuncture.com is the sole owner of all
information collected on this site.
Information Collection and Use
Acupuncture.com does reserve the right to perform group
statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics. This information
would be obtained in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas
of the site, and to inform advertisers of such information, but would not
include any personally identifying information. For example, we may tell an
advertiser that a certain number of visitors visited a certain web page over a
certain period of time. But we will not divulge the names, e-mail addresses or
other personal information regarding those visitors.
Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily
disclose personally identifiable information (such as the user's name or e-mail
address) on the discussion boards or chat areas of Acupuncture.Com, that
information, along with any information disclosed in the user's messages, can be
collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from
other users or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of
Acupuncture.Com.
Any information shared (including Personally Identifiable and
Personal Health Information) that you reveal in a chat room, message board, Ask
the Doctor posting  is by design open to the public and is not a private, secure
service. You should think carefully before disclosing any Personally
Identifiable or Personal Health Information in any public forum. What you have
written may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used
by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you
for unauthorized purposes.
Confidentiality and Security
This website takes every precaution to secure our users'
information. When users submit personally identifiable information via the
website, the information is protected both online and off-line. We restrict
access to your nonpublic personal information to those employees who reasonably
need to come into contact with that information.  The Acupuncture.Com database
is intended for referral purposes only and is designed in a manner that is not
conducive to the harvesting of information. We maintain physical, electronic,
and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your
nonpublic personal information.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you
can send an e-mail to
contact@acupuncture.com.
Log Files
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your
computer whenever you are surfing on the Web. Web servers automatically will
identify a computer by its IP address. We use IP addresses to analyze trends,
administer the site, track user's movement and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Website Links
Acupuncture.Com contains links to other sites. Please be aware
that Acupuncture.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
sites.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Acupuncture.Com website, which
also includes the AcuHealthStore.Com. The Acupuncture.Com website contains links
to other sites. Once you enter another website (whether through an
advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that Acupuncture.Com is not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to
look for and review the privacy statements of each and every web website that
you visit through a link or advertisement on Acupuncture.Com.
Email Links
We use an e-mail link located on the Contact page to allow you to
contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every
message sent in and try to reply promptly to every one. This information is used
to respond directly to questions or comments. We may also file your comments to
improve the site and program, or review and discard the information. This
information is not shared outside of our company.
News & Update Subscription
Acupuncture.com offers users the opportunity to subscribe to
receive company news and updates. The information collected in subscription is
used only for the dissemination of Acupuncture.Com news. We will not sell, share
or rent this information to third parties in any way.
Subscribers wishing to be removed from the Acupuncture.Com
mailing list may opt-out from this Email. Upon request, contact information is
permanently removed from our mailing list immediately.
Legal Disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in
the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our Web site.
Acupuncture.com will use reasonable efforts to maintain the
continuous operation of its Web site and provision of services; however,
Acupuncture.Com does not guarantee that the same will continuously remain
operational or that there will not be unanticipated delays in the provision of
the services. Unforeseen equipment, software and network failures, acts of God,
and periodic scheduled maintenance may cause the servers to go offline or other
equipment failures. Acupuncture.Com does not assume any part of your business
risk.
You agree that Acupuncture.Com will not be liable for any damages
resulting from interruption of business related to any failures or other delays
of the Web site or the services, including for any indirect, special, incidental
or consequential damages of any kind.
You agree to indemnify and hold Acupuncture.Com and its officers,
directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless from any and all
liabilities and claims, including attorneys' fees and costs that result from
your use of Acupuncture.Com services, including, without limitation, as a result
of your use of the services of Affiliates and other consultants.
Acupuncture.com reserves the right to change the terms and
conditions of this Agreement at any time. You will be notified of any such
changes by either e-mail or the posting of the changes at this Web site. Your
continued use of this Web site or the services offered following notice of such
changes indicates your acceptance of the changes and agreement to be bound them.
If at any time the terms and conditions of this Agreement are no longer
acceptable to you, you should cease all use of this service.
Acupuncture.com may periodically e-mail you notifications of new
services or changes in existing services or other matters of interest to its
members. You consent to receive these notifications unless and until you give
Acupuncture.Com notice that you no longer desire to receive them.
Acupuncture.Com, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to cancel any
membership or refuse to provide services to anyone for any reason. In the event
that your membership is canceled or services are discontinued, you agree to
discontinue using this Web site and the related services as may be directed by
Acupuncture.Com.
Contacting the Company
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with our Web site, you can contact our
webmaster at
contact@acupuncture.com.
Contribute
Acupuncture.Com
accepts article contributions. Email submissions to
contact@acupuncture.com
Featured Products
Chinese Herbs
TCM Books
Home |
Conditions |
Syndromes |
Contact Us |
About Us |
SiteMap |
Subscribe
|
Store
All Contents Copyright © 1996-2015 Cyber Legend Ltd. All rights
reserved. Use of this website
is subject to our
Terms and
Conditions. All logos, service marks and trademarks belong
to their respective owners.
Legal Disclaimer Notice: The information provided on this site is
for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute
for advice from your physician or other health care professional or
any information contained on or in any product label or packaging.
You should not use the information on this site for diagnosis or
treatment of any health problem or for prescription of any
medication or other treatment. You should consult with a healthcare
professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation
program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you
might have a health problem. You should not stop taking any
medication without first consulting your physician.