http://www.nebosh.org.uk/privacy-policy/cookies/
Privacy notice
This site makes use of cookies. If you
continue we'll assume you are happy to receive them.
Continue /	Read our cookie policy
You are here:
HomePrivacy StatementWhat information does NEBOSH collect using cookies?
Session cookies
These are temporary cookies that only exist during the period that you are visiting the NEBOSH website. Session cookies allow your device to remember what you chose on the previous page to prevent you having to re-enter information.
As soon as you leave the NEBOSH website these cookies will no longer exist.
Persistent cookies
These cookies remain on your device after you have left the NEBOSH website. Such cookies allow NEBOSH to identify you as a unique visitor but do not contain personal information and cannot be used to identify an individual.
Disabling cookies
If you wish to restrict or block the use of cookies you can do this through your internet browser. Please refer to the help function in your browser or visit www.aboutcookies.org. If you are using a mobile handset please refer to your user manual for further instructions.
N.B. Disabling cookies will affect your experience when using our website.
Please note that our advertisers/sponsors and any third party users on our site may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
The types of cookies NEBOSH uses, how they are stored and why we use them
Name of cookie
Description
Cookie type
JSessionID
Stores no private information. Required for basic functionality of the website.
Session
Cookies
Stores acknowledgment that the user has seen the cookie warning banner.
Persistent
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Allows us to identify trends which will help us improve the website, such as browser or device used.
Persistent
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Session
Google Recaptcha
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Ireland Limited.The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Session
Zendesk
Zendesk Chat is a service for interacting with the Zendesk live chat platform provided by Zendesk, Inc.
Persistent
Facebook
NEBOSH Social Media Presence
Persistent
YouTube
NEBOSH Media Presence
Persistent