http://www.ehealthnews.eu/privacy#section1
Privacy
Important legal notice
Most Popular Now
1
2
3
Central Hospital in Finland Automates Sy…This November Central Ostrobothnia Central Hospital in Finland has started symptom tracking and remote monitoring of corona virus-infected patients with the Buddy Healthcare mobile application and clinical monitoring platform. The...
Interactive virtual reality emerges as a…Bristol scientists have demonstrated a new virtual reality [VR] technique which should help in developing drugs against the SARS-CoV-2 virus - and enable researchers to share models and collaborate in...
DMEA Newcomer Award: The Search is on fo…13 - 15 April 2021, Berlin, Germany.
More efficient, digital and patient-friendly! Tomorrow's healthcare system promises great things. And to ensure this becomes reality a fresh impetus and creative ideas are...
Bayer Initiates New G4A Digital Health P…Bayer will support five new startup companies as part of the company's G4A Digital Health Partnerships Program. Focus will be on fostering the development of a digital health ecosystem, while...
Survey of COVID-19 Research Provides Fre…Researchers at Karolinska Institutet in Sweden have explored all COVID-19 research published during the initial phase of the pandemic. The results, which were achieved by using a machine learning-based approach...
virtual.MEDICA + virtual.COMPAMED win Au…
16 - 19 November 2020, Düsseldorf, Germany.
For the first time in the history of MEDICA, the world-leading medical trade fair, and the industry's number one platform for the suppliers of...
Big Data Powers Design of ‘Smart’ Cell T…Finding medicines that can kill cancer cells while leaving normal tissue unscathed is a Holy Grail of oncology research. In two new papers, scientists at UC San Francisco and Princeton...
COVID-19 High Performance Computing Cons…The COVID-19 High Performance Computing (HPC) Consortium, a unique public-private effort to make supercomputing power available to researchers working on projects related to COVID-19, announced that it has entered into...
Computer Vision App Allows Easier Monito…A computer vision technology developed by University of Cambridge engineers has now been developed into a free mobile phone app for regular monitoring of glucose levels in people with diabetes.
The...
Leading Pathology Laboratories Deploy Te…Royal Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA), a global leader in health technology, today announced leading pathology laboratories across North America, Europe, and Asia have implemented full digitization for their histology...
The X Factor: Resolving National and Loc…Industry veteran Jeremy Nettle reflects on a recent debate by the Highland Marketing advisory board on the role of national and local organisations in NHS IT policy, funding and implementation...
Visionable to Develop Ambulances of the …Visionable, the rapidly expanding British health technology company focused on health system redesign, is extending its Connected Ambulance offering after receiving a £500,000 Smart Grant from Innovate UK, the UK's...
Download
1
2
3
Artificial Intelligence in MedTech: Deliverin…
State of Health in the EU: Companion Report 2…
What the Radiologist should Know about Artifi…
WHO Guideline: Recommendations on Digital Int…
Final Report: Provision of a Market Study on …
Health at a Glance: Europe 2018
Latest Business News
Getting the NHS Ready for Digital
Predicting the Price of Drugs Years Before Launch
Remote Patient Technology Helps Reduce Hospital Admissions and Cares for Patients at Home
Alcidion Expands Partnership with NextGate to UK Market
Oxford Health Chooses Better to Revolutionise E-Prescribing
Latest Research News
Development of High-Speed nanoPCR Technology for Point-of-Care Diagnosis of COVID-19
Researchers Adapt Cell Phone Camera for SARS-CoV-2 Detection
Oxford University Hospitals Achieves Technology Accreditation
New Lab-on-a-Chip Infection Test could Provide Cheaper, Faster Portable Diagnostics
Big Data Powers Design of ‘Smart’ Cell Therapies for Cancer
Latest Conferences News
DMEA Rescheduled for June 2021
AHIMA International Increases Presence in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Middle East
MEDICA Start-up COMPETITION and Healthcare Innovation World Cup
virtual.MEDICA + virtual.COMPAMED win Audiences over with their High Degree of International Resonance
DMEA Newcomer Award: The Search is on for New Ideas in Digital Healthcare
Latest Jobs
Professorship for Digital Health Interventions
Digital Health Data Scientist
Digital Health Program Manager
Digital Product Manager
12 Open Topic Professorships for Artificial Intelligence in Biomedical Engineering
Head of G4A Digital Health Partnerships - Director
Account Executive / Senior Account Executive
You are here:  HomePrivacy