http://www.fhcrc.org/en/util/terms-privacy.html
Research
Pioneering
Scientific Research
Research
Research
Behavioral Research
Biostatistics
Cell & Gene Therapy
Cell Biology
Data Science
Diagnostics & Biomarkers
Disease Prevention
Epidemiology
Gene Regulation & Expression
Genetics & Genomics
Global Health
Health Economics
Hematopoietic Transplantation
Immunotherapy
Infectious Diseases
Microbiome
Survivorship
Vaccine Development
Virology
Diseases
Diseases
Autoimmune Diseases
Cancers
NewCoronavirus (COVID-19)
Genetic Disorders
HIV/AIDS
Divisions
Divisions
Basic Sciences Division
Clinical Research Division
Human Biology Division
Public Health Sciences Division
Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division
Patient Treatment & Support
Patient Treatment & Support
FAQ
Make an Appointment
Meet Our Clinicians
Patient Stories
Clinical Trials & Studies
COVID-19 Clinical Research Center
Education & Training
Faculty & Lab Directory
Institutes, Networks & IRCs
Scientific Publications
Shared Resources
Investors & Industry
Collaborating for Cures
Business Development
Business Development
Available Technologies
Collaborations & Startups
Commercialization
Events & Conferences
Team
News
Driving Innovation
Driving Innovation
Shared Facilities
GMP Manufacturing
Team Science
Data-Intensive Bioscience
Contact Us
About Us
Cures Start Here
About The Hutch
About The Hutch
Accountability & Impact
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Facilities & Infrastructure
History
Honors & Awards
Institutional Partners & Collaborations
Leadership
Mission & Values
Contact Us
Contact Us
Campus Map
Employee Directory
Global Locations
Careers
Internships
Educational Outreach
Events and Seminars
For the Media
Ways to Give
Why Your Gift Matters
Give Now
Honor a Loved One
Give Through Your Will
Give Through Your Foundation
Create an Endowment
Make a Corporate Gift
Join a Gift Club
Attend a Virtual Event
Fundraise for Fred Hutch
Fundraise for Fred Hutch
Log In to Your Fundraiser
Fearless Science Needs Us
Support Our Science
Other Ways to Give
Other Ways to Give
Give Monthly
Give at Work
Donate Your Vehicle
Donate Stock
Contact Philanthropy
Careers
News
Contact
Donate Now
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
www.fredhutch.org Web site Terms Of Use
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE (THE "TERMS") FOR FRED HUTCHINSON CANCER RESEARCH CENTER ("FRED HUTCH") www.fredhutch.org WEB SITE (THE "SITE"). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Changes to Terms
Please review the Terms regularly. The Terms may change at any time. By using the Site after a change in the Terms, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms as changed.
Table of Contents
Site Content
Third Party Content
Your Use of the Site
Use by Fred Hutch Employees
Use by Children
Use of the Arnold Digital Library
Medical and Other Information
Links to Other Sites
User Comments and Submissions
Copyright Policy and Infringement Claims
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
State Fundraising Notice
Disclaimers
Indemnification
Termination
Applicable Law
Miscellaneous
Site Content
Unless otherwise expressly noted, you should assume everything you see, hear, or otherwise receive from or on the Site (the "Content") is copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Fred Hutch. The Content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, the Site as a whole and any other materials at the Site.
The information in this Site is provided as a courtesy by Fred Hutch. The views and opinions of individual authors do not necessarily state or reflect those of the Hutch. References to specific products, processes or services do not constitute or imply recommendation or endorsement by the Hutch.
If you would like to request reprints, copy or distribute materials contained on the Site, other than for noncommercial, personal use, please contact Fred Hutch Communications & Marketing.
Third Party Content
Nothing in the Terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any Content, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on the Site.
Your Use of the Site
You may use or download Content for research or educational purposes, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices with them. No other use of any Content is permitted unless a specific use is expressly sated as to particular Content.
You agree that you will make only lawful use of the Site, and will use the Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations. You agree that you will make no use of the Site that violates anyone else's rights, including copyright, trademark, patient, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights.
You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site ("Publish") any materials that contain a software virus or other harmful component. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that contain advertising or commercial material of any kind. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful, or that violate any rights of privacy or publicity or any trademark, copyright, patent or other rights. You are solely responsible for the content of any material you Publish. Fred Hutch is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any person using the Site.
Fred Hutch may change, suspend, discontinue or remove any aspect of the Site at any time, without prior notice, including the availability of any Site feature, services or Content or any material you have Published. Fred Hutch may restrict your access to certain features, services or Content at any time, without prior notice.
Use by Fred Hutch Employees
If you are an employee, agent, contractor, or are otherwise employed by Fred Hutch, these Terms supplement the Hutch policy on Acceptable Use of Fred Hutch Information Technology Resources. In the event of a conflict between these documents, the policy on Acceptable Use of Fred Hutch Information Technology Resources will control.
Portions of the Site are not public. Use of non-public portions of the Site is restricted to authorized Fred Hutch personnel and authorized scientific affiliates. All use of restricted portions of the Site may be monitored and/or recorded by Fred Hutch system administration staff.
By using restricted portions of the Site, you expressly consent to any monitoring and recording of your activities while in such restricted areas. In the event monitoring reveals any indications of criminal activity, system administration staff will have the right, but not the obligation, to provide any such information to law enforcement personnel.
Use by Children
The Site is intended for adults aged 18 and older. It is not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information to or through the Site. Fred Hutch does not collect personally identifiable information through the Site from any person the Hutch actually knows to be under the age of 18.
Use of the Arnold Digital Library
Use of the Arnold Digital Library is limited to Fred Hutch library cardholders, including Fred Hutch faculty, staff, students and scientific affiliates. All use of the Arnold Digital Library must comply with the guidelines set forth in the Arnold Digital Library's Borrowing Privileges and Policies. All use of the Arnold Digital Library must also comply with all applicable laws, including but not limited to, copyright law.
Medical and Other Information
This information is designed only for research and educational purposes and is not provided as a professional service or as medical advice for specific patients. It is not a substitute for professional medical care and if you have, or suspect you may have, a health problem, you should consult your health care provider.
Links to Other Sites
The Site may contain links to third party sites. Any outside links are provided only as a convenience. Your use of outside links is at your sole risk. Any links from the Site do not constitute the Hutch's endorsement of any third party, its Web site, or its goods or services.
Fred Hutch is not responsible for any Web sites, services or other materials linked to or from the Site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. If you have any concerns regarding any Web site linked to or from the Site, please direct them to the owner or operator of the Web site.
You may not create hyperlinks to the Site that portray the Hutch in a false or misleading light. You may not use any "framing" or similar techniques to enclose any portion of the Site.
User Comments and Submissions
We welcome your comments regarding our Site and services. To submit your comments regarding our Site or services, e-mail them to communications@fredhutch.org. However, if you are dissatisfied with the Site, any of its Content, or any of the Terms, your sole and exclusive legal remedy is to stop using the Site. Any comments, ideas, suggestions or other information you transmit to the Site are not confidential or proprietary. Fred Hutch will be free to use any comment, idea, suggestion or other information you transmit to us through the Site on an unrestricted basis. This may include personal information about you and your use of the Site. Please review the Hutch's Privacy Policy for more information.
Copyright Policy and Infringement Claims
Fred Hutch respects the intellectual property of others and is committed to complying with copyright laws. In particular, Fred Hutch requires all users of the Site and of Fred Hutch’s Internet services to comply with copyright laws. Therefore, users of the Site may not store any material or content, or access, share or distribute any material or content using Fred Hutch’s Internet services, in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third-party copyright rights.
If you believe that your work has been infringed on the Site, please send a written notice to the Hutch's DMCA Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement:
General Counsel
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
Office of General Counsel
823 Yale Avenue North, J6-105
Seattle, WA 98109
(206) 667-6414
Email: Copyright@Fredhutch.org
Please include in the notice the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Fred Hutch to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Fred Hutch to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
It is Fred Hutch’s policy, in appropriate circumstances, to terminate the use of the Site and Fred Hutch’s Internet services by any user who is either found to infringe third party copyright or other intellectual property rights, including repeat infringers, or who Fred Hutch believes in its sole discretion is infringing these rights. Fred Hutch may terminate use of the Site and Fred Hutch’s Internet services at any time with or without notice to any affected user.
Trademarks
The Double Helix Design FRED HUTCHINSON CANCER RESEARCH CENTER, ADVANCING KNOWLEDGE, SAVING LIVES, FRED HUTCH, THE HUTCH, THE GREGORY FUND and CLIMB TO FIGHT BREAST CANCER and graphical icons associated with the Hutch's logo are registered trademarks of Fred Hutch. Other trademarks appearing on the Site are the property of their respective owners. Use of any Fred Hutch trademark is subject to the prior written permission of Fred Hutch. Fred Hutch is not affiliated with, or sponsored by, the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases.
Privacy Policy
Fred Hutch has a Privacy Policy that describes how we collect information from you or about you, why we collect this information, how we will use or disclose this information. In addition, Fred Hutch's Privacy Policy sets forth our general policies on information security.
State Fundraising Notice
As a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, the Fred Hutch relies on private support, applying the majority of each dollar contributed to its world-renowned research efforts. In connection with the Hutch's fundraising activities, certain states require us to advise you that a copy of our financial report is available from them. Fred Hutch's principal place of business is located at 1100 Fairview Avenue North, J5-200, Seattle WA 98109-1024. Financial disclosures may be obtained by contacting the Washington Secretary of State at 1-800-332-GIVE, or at the Washington Secretary of State's website. You may obtain additional financial information by writing to the Office of the Secretary of State, Charitable Solicitations Program, P.O. Box 40234, Olympia, WA 98504-0234. Registration with a state agency does not constitute or imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by that state.
Disclaimers
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, FRED HUTCH MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE. FRED HUTCH PROVIDES THIS SITE, ALL CONTENTS, ALL INFORMATION AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE "AS IS." FRED HUTCH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF ANY CONTENT OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
FRED HUTCH WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, EVEN IF FHCRC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Fred Hutch does not warrant that your use of the Site, the operation or function of the Site, or any services offered on or through the Site, will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site or its server are free of viruses or other harmful elements. Fred Hutch does not make any representations regarding the currency, accuracy or reliability of information on the Site.
Indemnification
You assume full responsibility for any use of any information, goods or services offered on or through the Site. You understand and agree that Fred Hutch will not be responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage arising from the use of any information, goods or services.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Fred Hutch and its officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, affiliates, licensees and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site in violation of any of the Terms.
Termination
Your failure to comply with the Terms automatically revokes your authorization to use the Site and terminates any and all rights granted to you under the Terms. Your obligations to Fred Hutch will continue upon termination of your rights under the Terms, including restrictions regarding the Content, disclaimers, indemnification obligations and liability limitations under the Terms. Upon termination of your rights, you must promptly destroy all Content downloaded or obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of any Content.
Applicable Law
The Terms will be construed according to Washington law, without regard to provisions governing conflicts of laws. Any dispute arising under or relating to the Terms, the Content, the use of the Site, or any services obtained using this Site, will be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of Washington. Your use of the Site constitutes your consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts with respect to any such dispute.
Miscellaneous
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Terms, and the remainder of the Terms will remain in full force and effect. The Terms are the entire agreement between you and Fred Hutch relating to the Site. Any other agreements between you and the Hutch regarding the subject matter of the Terms are superseded and have no force or effect. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
www.fredhutch.org Web site Privacy Policy
PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR FRED HUTCHINSON CANCER RESEARCH CENTER ["FRED HUTCH") www.fredhutch.org WEB SITE (THE "SITE"). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
www.fredhutch.org Web site Privacy Policy
PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR FRED HUTCHINSON CANCER RESEARCH CENTER ["FRED HUTCH") www.fredhutch.org WEB SITE (THE "SITE"). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Please review the Privacy Policy regularly. The Privacy Policy may change at any time. By using the Site after a change in the Privacy Policy, you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed.
Privacy Policy
This document describes how we may collect information from you or about you, why we collect this information, and how we may use or disclose this information. In addition, this document sets forth our general policies on information security.
Information Collection
There are several kinds of information we collect. For all visitors to the Site, we collect and log your IP address. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. We collect IP address information to better administer our system and to gather aggregate information on visitors to our site, on how our site is being used, and on the pages visitors are viewing. This aggregate information may be shared with other organizations. To maintain your anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. We may use IP address information, however, to personally identify you in order to enforce our legal rights or when required to do so by law enforcement authorities.
Cookies
We may also place small data files, called "cookies," in the browser file of your computer's hard drive. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server when you interact with the Site. Most browsers automatically accept these cookies. We may use cookies to determine whether you are logged in to the Site, and to temporarily store application data.  We and our trusted third parties may also use cookies to serve advertisements to you after you leave the Site. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but provide an option for blocking the acceptance of cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features or functions of the Site, or the Site may not operate in an optimal mode.
Third-Party Advertising Partners
We use third-party service providers to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the Internet.
These advertising service providers may collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our website, and your interactions with specific pages. Such non-personally identifiable information does not include your name, address, email address or other personal information. The information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags (also known as action tags), which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites.
If you prefer that we do not collect non-personally identifiable information about your website visits for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising, you may opt out.
If you would like more information about this practice and your choices for not having this information used by third-party service providers, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Personal Health Information
We may collect personal health information that you choose to share with us in the risk-assessment and disease management portions of the Site. This information may include e-mail addresses and your answers to health questions. This information will only be collected with your permission.
Surveys
At times, you may be asked to complete survey questions that appear on the Site. If you agree to participate in the survey, you will be asked to review and accept certain additional terms and conditions relating to use of the information you furnish, which may include personally identifiable information. Any survey terms and conditions are in addition to the Privacy Policies set forth in this Agreement.
E-mail Communications, Newsletters and Related Sites
The Site provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties. Once you have decided to receive such communications, you may later decide to stop receiving them. To stop receiving communications, email communications@fredhutch.org or visit the News & Publications page to manage any subscriptions. Please be aware that e-mail communications may not be secure and may be susceptible to interception by third parties.
Information for Online Transactions
Some areas of the Site may allow you to make online donations or other transactions. In connection with such transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction and other information that is furnished by you. This information may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction.
Aggregate Information
We use general traffic, site usage, and length of stay information for statistical reporting and may share such reports with organizations with which we have a business relationship. This aggregate information does not personally identify you.
Children's Privacy
The Site is intended for adults aged 18 and older. It is not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information to or through the Site. Fred Hutch does not collect personally identifiable information through the Site from any person the Hutch actually knows to be under the age of 18.
Other Sites
Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the Site. The Site contains links to third party sites, including sites that may indicate a special relationship with us. While we do not disclose personably identifiable information to the parties operating linked sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Last Modified, December 06, 2019