http://www.newideas.net/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Main menu
HomeADHD Diet eBookTable of ContentsParenting Course Online
ADHD Information Library
ADHD Medications, ADHD Diet, and Alternative Treatments
View(active tab)
Track
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
Share it nowWhat information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
ADHD Information Library27400 Oakflat DrTehachapi, CA 93561USAnewideas.net@gmail.com
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support help desk software.
ADHD Information Library for Parents and Teachers Home
Share it now
Tweet
Success with ADHD
ADHD Information Library Search
Search
ADHD Articles
What is ADHD ?
Different Types of ADHD
ADHD Medications
ADHD Medication Issues and Research
ATTEND : Alternative ADHD Treatment VAXA Attend
ADHD Diet
Environmental Toxins, Chemicals, Metals
Great Articles for Parents
Neurology of ADHD
Differential Diagnoses
Diagnosing ADHD
ADHD Treatment Options
ADHD Treatment Planning
ADHD Children
ADHD in School
Teenagers and Attention Deficit Disorder
Research Articles on Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Navigation
ADHD NewsfeedsBooksFeed aggregatorTerms of Use LegalPrivacy PolicyADHD PDF pagesAbout Us
101 Classroom Interventions eBook
Follow ADHD Information Library on:
This site (RSS)
Success with ADHD parenting course
101 Classroom Interventions eBook
ADHD Information Library Home
| About Attend for ADHD | ADHD Diet Program
| ADD in School Classroom Interventions
Douglas Cowan, Psy.D., MFT
27400 Oakflat Dr.
Tehachapi, CA 93561
(661) 972-5953
ADD ADHD Information Library Copyright 1996-2015 All rights reserved.
Our conditions for you to REPRINT or USE our ADHD information.
This "ADD ADHD" information is for general information, educational, or entertainment purposes only. These statements contained herein have not been evaluated by the FDA, and the disclaimer is that any recommended products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Consult your physician on ADHD or health professional on matters related to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and ADHD treatment. The "ADD ADHD Information Library" provides parents with the practical information that they need to help their child or teen with ADHD.