https://www.lighthouseguild.org/privacy-policy/donor-privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
About Us
Our History
Board of Directors & Executive Management
Impact Stories
Shanell’s Story
Edythe’s Story
Stephanie’s Story
Arnold’s Story
Robert’s Story
Devon’s Story
Diana’s Story
Haben’s Story
Donate
Individual Giving
Planned Giving
Bequests
Beneficiary Designations
Charitable IRA Rollover
Gifts that Give Back
Endowments
Legacy Society
Foundations
Corporations
Ways to Give
Donate Online
Donate by Phone
Donate by Mail
Donor Advised Fund
Gifts of Stock
Matching Gifts
AmazonSmile
Careers
Current Openings
Employee Benefits
Diversity & Inclusion
Meet our People
Careers Application
Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer Application
Corporate Volunteer Opportunities
Annual Holiday Celebration
Make a Donation
Sponsor a Youth
Sponsor an ADHC Program Participant
Volunteers in Action
Volunteer Sign In
Stories about Our Volunteers
Mary Betancourt
Jennifer Heinrich
Lois Tyson Campbell
José Cruz
Herbert Biern
Mark Gross
Nancy Senzon
Lunch & Learn
Lunch & Learn September 2020
Newsroom
In The News
Press Releases
Media Inquiries
Press Kit
Events
Past Events
Publications
Subscribe to Vision & Health E-Newsletter
Subscribe to Parent Support E-Newsletter
Subscribe to Professional Training E-newsletter
Subscribe to Visionary Philanthropy E-Newsletter
Contact
Location & Directions
Annual Reports & Financial Information
Advocacy
Share Your Story
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
eLearning Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy Purpose of Policy
Lighthouse Guild values each donor and is committed to protecting their privacy. The purpose of this Policy is to provide transparency as to Lighthouse Guild’s practices, policies, and procedures for the collection, use, and protection of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) relating to donors and prospective donors.
Scope
Lighthouse Guild protects PII in compliance with the HIPAA Privacy and Security regulations. All donors who submit PII to Lighthouse Guild must consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing and use of PII for the purposes stated below.
Statement of Policy
Donor information is used by Lighthouse Guild for charitable purposes only. Names, addresses and any other personal data provided by donors will be used to keep donors informed of our activities, programs, special events, and funding needs. If at any time a donor chooses not to receive these communications, they may contact Lighthouse Guild to remove their name from the mailing list.
Use of Personal Information. Lighthouse Guild may collect and maintain donor names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and some billing information in order to process electronic payments and event registrations. We may also verify with third parties the payment information collected in the course of processing a gift, donation, or registration. Donor information is maintained in a secured database, and only authorized personnel have access to the information and only for appropriate business purposes.
Protection of Donor Information. In accordance with the guidelines and best practices outlined by the Association of Fundraising Professionals and the Direct Marketing Association and the HIPAA Security Rule, Lighthouse Guild employs physical and technical safeguards to protect PII. Lighthouse Guild only retains the names and contact information for its donors in its database. Donors have the right to review personal information collected by Lighthouse Guild and to request their information be removed from our mailing list or any mailing list that we may share with other organizations for direct marketing purposes.
To review personal information or remove your name from our list, please contact the Development Department at 646-874-8219 or development@lighthouseguild.org.
Authorized Release of Information. Lighthouse Guild may be legally required to disclose personal information on occasion. Lighthouse Guild complies with all applicable legal requirements and standards.