http://www.drzur.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Main Navigation
Search for:
About
Contact
Consulting/Forensics
Pictorial Bio
Pictorial Bio by Chronology
Pictorial Bio by Themes
Most Popular Articles
Teaching
Complete Archive
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Dr. Ofer Zur shares our users' concerns about safety and privacy while online. We are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site and subscribers to our newsletter. We strive to adhere to the highest standards of ethical practices in all of our operations and we are dedicated to protecting your privacy. The content of this website is only educational and is neither constitute psychotherapy or counseling, nor involve mental health diagnosis, evaluation, or treatment, nor render legal or ethical advice, nor constitute supervision.
Visitors to our Website
DrZur.com respects the privacy of our web site visitors. You provide us with your personal information when you write to us. When you write to us with comments and suggestions, we will respond to you and only you. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
How we use your data
Dr. Ofer Zur uses your personal data:
to make a tailored website available to you;
for market research purposes - to better understand your needs;
to enable Dr. Ofer Zur to manage interactions with you; and
where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
Google Analytics
When someone visits https://www.drzur.com, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Third Parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you'll need to check that site's privacy statement.
Special
Provisions Applicable to Users Outside the United States
We strive
to participate in a global community with consistent standards for everyone,
but we also strive to respect local, state, and federal laws. For users who
interact with Dr. Ofer Zur services outside the United States, know that
your personal data is transferred to and processed in the United States. The EU
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to Dr. Ofer Zur and
its visitors, as it applies to all companies processing the personal data of
data subjects residing in the EU, regardless of the company’s location.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our business or applicable laws.
The revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the published effective date. This Privacy Policy was updated on April 27, 2020.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
Copyright Infringement Notification
If you believe that content available on or through the DrZur.com Website, which is operated by Dr. Ofer Zur infringes one or more of your copyrights, please immediately notify Dr. Ofer Zur's Copyright Agent by mail, email or fax ("Notification") providing the information described below. A copy of your Notification will be sent to the person responsible for the material addressed in the Notification.
Please be advised that you may be held liable for damages if you make material misrepresentations pursuant to federal law in a Notification. Thus, if you are not sure content located on or linked-to by the Website infringes your copyright, you should consider first contacting an attorney.
All Notifications should include the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Notifications should be sent to the following:
Dr. Ofer Zur
Contact Dr. Ofer Zur >
Sign up for topical updates and invitations to participate with Dr. Zur
Email Sign Up