http://www.health911.com/privacy
Help
Home  |  About Us  |  Support
Health Conditions
Health Categories
Health Products
Health Articles
Health911 Dermatology
Online eNewsletter
Click here to sign-up for the Health911 eNewsletter that includes information about seasonal health conditions, links to
our latest articles, alerts to our monthly product specials, health tips,
and wellness programs. Sign-up today!
Make a Suggestion!
Share
your health and wellness suggestions.  We want to build the Health911
community around the interests of our viewers and customers. Click here
Privacy Statement
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing, and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
Terms of Use Statement
You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
Tell-A-Friend
Health Conditions | Health Categories | Health Articles
About Us | Support | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Site Map | Return Policy | Home
©1998-2012
Health911 Media, Inc.     All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer:
Health911 Media, Inc., Health911.com, and any emails you receive from this website, provides
health, fitness and nutritional information. This information is
designed for educational purposes only and is not intended as a
substitute for the advice provided by your physician or other healthcare
professional. You should not use the information on this web site for
diagnosing or treating a health problem, condition or disease, or use it
as a substitute for any medication or other treatment therapy. The
statements provided with any product on this web site have not been
evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. These products are
not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. If you
have any concerns or questions about your health, you should always
consult with a physician or other health-care professional. Some of the
health imagery courtesy of Wikipedia.