http://www.stuttersfa.org/privacy-statement
Podcast
Sign Up
Virtual Learning
Online CEUs
Streaming Video Library
Privacy Statement
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Tweet
Parents of Preschoolers
Parents of School-Age Children
Just for Kids
Teens
Adults
Teachers
Speech-Language Pathologists
Physicians
Employers
Our privacy policy is fairly simple
We will not sell, rent, trade or give away any of your personal information to third parties for any purpose without your express consent. Currently, our policy is even stricter in that we will not disclose any of your information to any third parties even with your consent. If you have any questions regarding this policy, you may contact us via Email, telephone, fax, or written communication at:
Phone: (901) 761-0343
E-mail: info@stutteringhelp.org.
Mailing address:Stuttering Foundation of AmericaP.O. Box 11749Memphis, TN 38111-0749
Fax: (901) 761-0484
Changes to this Statement
Stuttering Foundation of America will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Stuttering Foundation of America encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Stuttering Foundation of America is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Stuttering Foundation of America welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Stuttering Foundation of America has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Stuttering Foundation of America at info@stutteringhelp.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
CELEBRITY FOCUS
John Melendez
He is a talented musician, actor, and comedian. Listen to a podcast.
Marilyn Monroe
From Edward S. Herrington's letter to Southcoasttoday.com
I am writing in response to "The importance of voice" (May 29), which mentioned that famous actor James Earl Jones struggled with stuttering. Another famous voice that you cited was the trademark breathy voice of Marilyn Monroe; however, you did not make mention of the fact that Marilyn Monroe also struggled with stuttering at various points in her life, sometimes very painfully.
Kenyon Martin
Kenyon Martin, the basketball sensation who was named to the NBA’s All Star Team in 2004, joins other famous people who stutter in a new brochure. The brochure - which unfolds into a small poster - is available free of charge from The Stuttering Foundation.
The poster is intended to give children and adults who stutter inspiration as they grapple with their speech disorder.
King George
In November 2010, worldwide movie audiences were presented with a most interesting and unusual movie release with The King’s Speech, starring Colin Firth as King George VI and Helena Bonham Carter as his wife Elizabeth.
Unfortunately, history may have forgotten the courageous and inspiring story of Prince Albert who stuttered badly and never dreamed that he would ever be king when his older brother, King Edward VIII, abruptly abdicated the throne in 1936 to marry Wallis Simpson, an American divorcee.
Dave Taylor
Dave Taylor has been on the Stuttering Foundation's list of  Famous People Who Stutter for many years, but probably few people know all of the unique accomplishments of this former hockey great who was born on December 4, 1955, in Levack, Ontario.
Famous People Who Stutter