https://www.orientalmedcare.com/privacy/
Complete Oriental Medical CareTransform Your Health and Life with Acupuncture and Herbal MedicineFacebookInstagramLinkedInPinterestTwitterYouTube
7400 Metro Blvd. # 280
Edina, MN 55439
952-831-8080
Home
Services
Conditions Treated
About Us
Client Reviews
Testimonials
Video Testimonials
Acupuncture Blog
Contact
Supplements
Privacy Policy
How Do I Agree to the Privacy Policy?
Complete Oriental Medical Care, LLC (“COMC”) values our relationship with you and the other users of our web site (the “website”) and the services offered on it (the “COMC Services”). We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we may collect when you use the website and the COMC Services. Accordingly, we have implemented this Privacy Policy to inform you of the information that we collect from you, how we collect this information, and what we do with it after we collect it. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@orientalmedcare.com.
Are Changes Made to this Privacy Policy?
COMC reserves and shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of Privacy Policy without notice or liability to you. Any changes to Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on this website. The most recent version of this Privacy Policy may always be found at this URL. You agree to review this Privacy Policy from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this website following changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes. This Privacy Polcy was last modified on March 24, 2005.
The Type of Information We Collect
Personal Information. We collect Personal Information from you. As explained above, Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, credit card number, and financial information.
Non-Personal Information. We also collect “non-personal” information from you. This information (“Non-Personal Information”) cannot be easily used to personally identify you, such as your browser type, the URL of the previous web site you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your IP Address.
Terms of Use
You have read and agree to all of the terms and conditions of our Terms of Use, which is located at Terms of Use.
Confidentiality and Transmissions over the Internet
The transmission of data or information (including communications by e-mail) over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks is not secure, and is subject to possible loss, interception or alteration while in transit. Accordingly, we do not assume any liability for any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks, such as transmissions involving the exchange of e-mail with us (including those which may contain your personal information). While we shall take commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide us and treat such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, in no event will the information you provide to us be deemed to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by third parties without our consent.
How and When We Collect This Information
Providing Information to Us. We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us. For example, if you purchase a product or service sold through our Store, we collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and email address. If you sign up to receive a newsletter, we will collect your email address.
Communications With Us. If you communicate with us regarding the website or our Services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
Analytic and Reporting Technologies. Like the operators of most web sites, we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software and operating system types, clickstream patterns, and the dates and times that the website and the COMC Services are accessed.
How We Use The Information We Gather
Personal Information. We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our Services and our website.
Non-Personal Information. We use non-personal information to track your use of the website and for other internal purposes, particularly providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our website.
When Do We Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Generally speaking, we do not intentionally disclose your information to third parties without your consent. In some instances, however, we reserve the right to do so because it is necessary to the operation and continued growth of our business or to protect the rights of others. These instances are discussed below:
Disclosure to Successors. We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours, such as a company that acquires us.
Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties. We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency, to protect or enforce our rights, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party, or as required or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order).
Disclosure to Third-Party Service Providers. We may contract with various third parties who help us provide and maintain the website. For example, we use a third-party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract out manufacturing, fulfillment, or other operations. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information, except for the purpose of providing the services in question. However, we cannot guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your Personal Information.
Disclosure of Non-Personal Information. We will disclose Non-Personal Information, usually in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others. You may not “opt out” of the sharing of this information. However, it cannot be easily used to identify you personally.
What About Cookies?
A cookie is a message that is sent to your computer from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most web sites use cookies.
We do not currently employ cookies.
Does COMC Protect My Personal Information?
Personal Information. Whenever we obtain your Personal Information, we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
What About Children’s Privacy?
Under Thirteen. Our Services are intended for users ages thirteen and older. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of thirteen. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of thirteen.
Thirteen to Seventeen. Prospective users between the ages of thirteen and seventeen can only use the Services under their parents’ legal guardian’s supervision. If you are between the ages of thirteen and seventeen, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we delete any of your Personal Information in our database and/or “opt out” from receiving communications from us. If you wish to do so, please contact us at the email address provided below.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our website or these Terms of Use, please feel free to contact us at info@orientalmedcare.com
Some client reviews
EXCELLENT
Based on 71 reviews.
Dan Olson August 4, 2020.
I can’t say enough good about Dr Steven.
I had terrible vertigo that I was battling for months.
I had tried everything.
Regular doctors, chiropractic, physical therapy.
Nothing worked.
It was so frustrating.
A friend referred me to Dr Steven and within a few sessions my symptoms started to improve!
I kept going and sure enough he was able to help me get rid of that terrible vertigo.
I have decided to keep visiting him as the overall wellness I feel is so much better.
I can’t recommend him enough.
Samtha Vega February 21, 2020.
rein amundson amundson November 5, 2019.
I came in because I had mono, doctors and nurses at urgent weren’t doing anything but right from the first treatment I felt amazing relief. I have a lot more energy then before and the other symptoms went away very quickly. I would recommend this place for anyone.
janice wade October 27, 2019.
I came to Complete Oriental Medical Care to get help with a pinched nerve in my shoulder.
I had severe pain in my shoulder and numbness in my hand.
I sought help from my clinic and the clinic doctor provided steroids and muscle relaxants.
These medications provided some relief but left me groggy and unable to work effectively.
The pain also made it difficult to get restful sleep.
I was a ball of pain and feeling like a zombie.
I decided to seek acupuncture to get relief without the hard medicine.
The acupuncture provided by Steven has been incredible.
With the first treatment I felt relief.
Within a few weeks my pain substantially subsided and I felt human again.
With
the addition of the Chinese herbs I also aches a restful and regular nightly slumber without the sluggish feeling.
Steven is absolutely an expert acupuncturist.
He designs a care plan specifically to the needs of each patient.
I couldn’t be happier with my results.
Betsy Weiner September 3, 2019.
Dr Sonmore and Naijin have been incredibly helpful in facilitating my healing journey. I have been struggling with ice pick headaches, nausea, and BFS (Benign Fasiculation Syndrome). Western medicine has not proven to be particularly helpful. Dr Sonmore was the first Dr to actually give me a diagnosis and create a plan for healing. Naijin is always friendly, supportive and flexible with getting me in to see Dr Sonmore. I highly recommend this practice!! Many thanks and deepest gratitude to both Dr Sonmore and Naijin!
Contact Us
Complete Oriental Medical Care
7400 Metro Blvd. #280
Edina, MN 55439
Tel: (952) 831-8080
Get Directions
Contact Us
FacebookGoogle+LinkedInPinterestTwitterYouTube
Write a Testimonial on Google Places
Subscribe Today
Get our FREE ebook "Why Chinese Medicine Has The Solution To Your Health Problems", plus our monthy newletter. Just fill in the form below...
Important: Please note that your use of this web site is conditioned on your acceptance of the Terms of Use which are available for your review by clicking on the links below.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Complete Oriental Medical CarePowered by Success Marketing, LLC
COVID-19 Response: Now offering telemedicine visits for all new and established patients.
Schedule Now