http://www.sagepub.co.uk/en-gb/eur/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are here
×
×
Solr exception: "0" Status: Request failed: Connection refused
×
Privacy Policy
Overview/Introduction
SAGE Publishing values our relationship with you and recognises the importance of respecting and protecting your personal information and privacy.
This policy (together with any other resources referred to in it) set out the basis on which any personal information you provide to us (or data we collect about you from other sources) will be processed (meaning collected, stored, and otherwise used) by us.
Please note that this policy may be further supplemented by terms included on other SAGE websites where you might register.
Please read this policy carefully as it sets out what you can expect from us and gives you our contact details if you wish to ask any questions or raise concerns about how we are processing your personal information.
Your rights
Data protection legislation gives you a number of rights to protect you against an organisation mishandling your personal information. It is important that you understand your rights and in this document we have set out what those rights are and how you can exercise your rights in respect of SAGE's processing of your personal information.
Specific information for US Residents
Specific information for UK/ EU Citizens
How we collect your personal information
Information you provide to us – you may provide us with information when you are:
accessing our websites. This includes information that you provide when you register to use any of our websites, products or services, subscribe to one of our services, search for a product, place an order, participate in a discussion group, request a complimentary copy of a book, make an application for employment or report a problem with our site or request content or other information from us.
corresponding with us by post, telephone, email or otherwise.
The information you give us may include your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, financial or credit card details, academic institution, affiliation, job title, or subject specialism.
Information we collect about you – we may also process certain personal information about you which you have not provided to us yourself.
In limited circumstances, we may collect data that you have made available in the public domain, such as your contact details, research interests, courses that you teach and the institution at which you are based. When we do this, we carefully consider whether to do so is in your interest and any impact on your rights, and we will inform you as soon as practically possible about our use of your data and your right to object to these uses and how to unsubscribe from any communications from us.
Information from other sources – we also work with third parties and may receive information about you from them.
We work with business partners, such as web hosting providers, email service providers, list brokers and  other third parties, to deliver our products, services and communications, and they may provide us with additional information about you. This could include details of content that you have viewed or requested through the SAGE platforms and other websites, or details of which email communications from us you viewed or clicked.
We may obtain your personal details as a result of a journal transfer or business acquisition, or from societies and associations that we work with.
Cookies – When you visit our websites we automatically collect technical information from your computer or other device.
We use cookies (small text files that are placed on your computer) to give you the best possible experience when visiting our websites, as described in our global Cookies Policy. You can disable cookies through your web browser’s settings and still access our websites – although certain functionality may not be available to you in those circumstances.
The information we may collect about you in this way may include, without limitation, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used, your browser type and version, the type of device used, and time zone setting. We may also collect information about each visit you make to our website, including which website you were on immediately before you navigated to our sites, and how you have progressed through and from our sites – as well as content you have searched for or viewed on our sites.
How we use your information (and the lawful bases for that processing)
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To deliver our products and services to you – we may use your personal information to:
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us (as is necessary for the performance of those contracts);
notify you about changes to our service (as is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party and/or as is necessary for our legitimate interests); and
allow you to access restricted areas of our websites, when you choose to do so (which may rely on your consent for the processing of your personal information which is necessary for giving you access to those restricted areas).
To improve the effectiveness of our products, services and marketing communications – we may use your personal information (in each case as is necessary for our legitimate interests or exceptionally where you have given your consent) to:
administer our websites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
improve our websites to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or device;
keep our websites safe and secure;
measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we deliver to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
enter co-marking agreements and share contact information with third parties who sell similar goods and services;
provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, provided that you have not told us that you do not wish to receive this information (as is necessary for our legitimate interests);
make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that we believe may interest you, based on your previous transactions, behaviour, subject interests and other information that we may hold about you and your institution or organization; and
perform any Business Purpose as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), if applicable.
References to our "legitimate interests" in this policy include our commercial interests in operating our business (and the business of SAGE Publishing more generally) in an efficient and sustainable manner, in accordance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Your marketing preferences
If you would like to update your details, including details of how you prefer to be contacted for marketing purposes, you can do this by:
Changing your mailing preferences on your profile by visiting My Account
Sending an email to market@sagepub.co.uk and indicating your new preferences
Sending postal mail to one of the following addresses:
Marketing Services, SAGE Publishing, 2455 Teller Road, Thousand Oaks 91320, United States.
Marketing Services, SAGE Publishing, 1 Oliver's Yard, 55 City Road, London, EC1Y 1SP, UK.
Calling +44 (0)207 324 8500 between 0900 and 1730 GMT Monday to Friday and ask for Marketing Services.
What to manage your subscriptions?
You can update your SAGE Journals alerts or unsubscribe from marketing emails from SAGE.
If you decide to change your marketing preferences you may still be contacted by SAGE in relation to other business activities or transactions.
Sharing information with third parties
For the purposes referred to in this policy and relying on the bases for processing as set out above, we may share your personal information amongst businesses in SAGE Publishing, namely:
SAGE Publications, Ltd in the United Kingdom, for global business management purposes;
SAGE Publications, Inc in the United States, for global business management purposes;
SAGE Publications, PVT Ltd in India, which provides publishing and operational support services, including invoice processing and customer support functions;
SAGE Publications, Pte Ltd in Singapore, which provides marketing support for the Asia Pacific region;
Corwin Press, Inc. (including its subsidiaries); and
Other subsidiaries of SAGE Publishing, for marketing and sales purposes.
SAGE Publishing may also share your personal information with our business partners who are providing a service to us, for example:
a co-marketing agreement with a third-party vendor;
a platform for a SAGE web-based product;
a provider of web analytics services; or
for the purposes of fulfilling an order that you have placed with us, delivering a product or otherwise carrying out a contract that we have with you.
In addition, where the products or services that you have accessed via SAGE are provided by us on behalf of a third party such as an academic society or association, we may share your details with them, unless you have asked us not to do so.
We may also transfer personal data of article authors, editor and board members and subscribers to our journals in the event that a journal transfers to another publisher (and including where, for example, your personal information is included on a marketing list which is transferred as a significant asset in a business sale or asset sale).
If you register for a sponsored event, then we may share your data with event sponsors, where we have informed you that we will do this at the point at which you register for the event.
How long do we keep your information
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to finalise any transaction with you. We will normally retain your information for seven (7) years after your last recorded interaction with SAGE although there may be exceptions to this, for example where we have a legal obligation to retain information for a longer period, or where we store limited personal information securely in an archive (for reference purposes).
Your rights in respect of your personal information
You have the following rights:
to obtain access to, and copies of, the personal information that we hold about you;
to require us to correct the personal information we hold about you if it is incorrect;
to require us to erase your personal information;
to require us to restrict our data processing activities;
where our processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on consent before its withdrawal);
where the processing is carried out by automated means, to receive from us the personal information we hold about you which you have provided to us, in a reasonable format specified by you (including for the purpose of you transmitting that personal information to another data controller);
to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to any of our particular processing activities where you feel this has a disproportionate impact on your rights; and
to require us not to send you marketing communications;
Please note that these rights are not absolute, and we may be entitled to refuse requests where exceptions apply. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
Information for US Residents
Our journals participate in the Healthcare Communication Network. Some participating journals may share details of individual journal subscribers or recipients of the journal's e-content alerts with the network. Please see the Healthcare Communication Network privacy policy for more information on how this information is used and for instructions on opting out of participation at any time.
Your rights with respect to California Privacy Laws
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.  To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit our California Privacy Statement.
Information for UK/ EU Citizens
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller is SAGE Publications Ltd, 1 Oliver’s Yard, 55 City Road, London EC1Y 1SP.
Transfer outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
SAGE is a global company and our systems and management team are integrated throughout the organisation. Your personal information will be accessible to SAGE employees and business partner service providers based outside the EEA. We have an agreement in place across the organisation to safeguard your personal information and to ensure the same high standards of data protection exist across SAGE Publishing. Where we use third parties to process information on our behalf we will ensure that there are the necessary agreements in place to provide the same standards that we have at SAGE – and incorporating the European Commission approved model clauses where necessary to provide a lawful basis for the transfer of personal information outside the EEA.
Referral to the UK Information Commissioner
If you are an EU Citizen and are not satisfied with how we are processing your personal data, you can refer us to the Information Commissioner. You can find out more about your rights under data protection legislation from the Information Commissioner's Office website available at: www.ico.org.uk.
Contact us
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about anything you have read on this page or you are concerned how your personal information has been handled by SAGE, you can contact us using the following details:
General Queries for the US
General Queries for UK/Europe
Marketing specific queries.
Changes in our Privacy Policy
If we make changes to this policy we will detail them on this page. If it is appropriate we may provide you with details by email; we suggest that you regularly visit this page to see any changes or updates to this policy.
This policy was last updated in February 2020.
×
Close
×
Close