http://www.atriacom.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We have designed this website to help current residents, prospective residents, and their families make decisions regarding options for senior living and senior care.
Your trust is important to us, and we take online privacy seriously.
This Online Privacy Policy applies to information about you that Atria Senior Living, Inc. (“Atria,” “we,” or “us”) may obtain when you visit atriaseniorliving.com (the “Site”).
Below we describe how Atria handles information obtained from visitors to the Site, including the types of information gathered and tracked, how such information may be used, and with whom the information may be shared.
We also outline your choices regarding how your information may be used, how we safeguard the information we collect, and how you may contact us regarding our privacy practices.
Information Collection
Information Use
Information Sharing
Links to Non-Atria Websites
Information Security
Social Features
Children’s Privacy
Your Choices
Changes to this Online Privacy Policy
California Privacy Rights
Information for Visitors Outside the United States
Contact Us
Information Collection
Information You Submit
We may obtain information that you provide directly to us through the Site, for example when you schedule a tour, apply for a job, or contact us using our online form.
The information you submit may include personally identifiable information, which is information that could reasonably be used to identify you individually, such as your name, postal address, email address, or telephone number.
Information Obtained Using Automated Means
We also may collect information relating to your use of our Site through various technologies and automated data collection tools, such as cookies (described below).
For example, when you visit our Site, we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your IP address, device identifier, browser characteristics, language preferences, access time, and referring website addresses.
If you received or responded to our digital advertisements, we may use these technologies to determine whether you opened an email or clicked on a link contained in an email.
A “cookie” is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device that identifies your computer. Cookies may be used for a variety of purposes, including to measure website usage and effectiveness and to allow for ease of navigation or use.
For example, cookies may be used to recognize a user’s device and associate it with profile information or user preferences or track the pages a user clicks on while visiting the website.
Most web browsers accept cookies by default, but you may be able to adjust your browser settings to turn off cookies or to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please note that certain features of the Site may not be available if cookies are disabled, and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that use cookies to recognize devices that have opted out.
Information about your use of this Site and other websites may be collected across time, devices, and websites for various purposes, including to associate different devices you use and to deliver relevant and/or retargeted content.
Data Analytics
We also may use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics.
These service providers help us understand our audience and analyze how visitors use the Site.
To learn more about how Google may use information collected through the Site,
click here.
To learn more about opting out of data collection through Google Analytics,
click here.
Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit various websites or use online services.
Like many websites and online services, this Site is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from browsers.
To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Information We Obtain From Other Sources
We also may obtain information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms, and combine it with information we collect about you through the Site.
This combined information may be used to help us improve the accuracy and completeness of our records, and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.
Back to top
Information Use
We may use the information we collect about you through this Site for various purposes, including to:
Personalize and improve your online experience, such as by providing you with content that may interest you and making navigation on our Site easier;
Respond to your emails or other requests, inquiries, comments, or questions (to respond effectively we may share information with others, for instance, a specific Atria community or regional staff member who can best handle your request);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities of visitors to, and users of, the Site;
Improve the Site, our marketing, and products or services we may offer;
Contact you regarding your use of the Site or, in our discretion, changes to our policies;
Verify and/or authenticate a user’s identity;
Provide users with information that we believe may be useful to them, such as information about products or services offered by us or by others;
Prevent fraud or other misuse of the Site, including protecting our rights and the rights of affiliates or related third parties;
Maintain records of our transactions and communications;
Comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal process as well as industry standards and our company policies;
Prevent, investigate, identify, or take any other action with regard to any suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity or any activity that violates our policies; or
For any other purpose, with your consent.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of collection.
In addition, as described above, we use cookies and other automated tools for purposes such as recognizing your device when you visit the Site, monitoring your activity as you navigate the Site, or analyzing your use of the Site.
This information may be used to track your activity over time on various websites and services, as well as across different devices you may use to access the Internet and our Site.
Back to top
Information Sharing
Below we describe the circumstances under which we may share information we obtain about you through the Site with third parties.
Generally, we may permit our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers to access information obtained through the Site to carry out work on our behalf. These third party service providers use the information to which they have access to carry out the purposes for which we shared the information.
Protecting Legal Rights and Property; Required Disclosures
We may share your information (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as in response to a subpoena or court order or similar government or law enforcement request for information); (2) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to protect property or safety, or in connection with the investigation of possible fraud or other illegal activity; or (3) as needed to enforce our policies.
Business Transfers
We reserve the right to transfer any information we obtain through the Site in the event of a joint venture, partnership, merger, or other collaboration with another organization, or in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (e.g., further to a reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including negotiations of such transactions).
Online Advertising
Atria does not deliver third-party online advertisements on our Site, but we may advertise our services on other websites that we do not control.
Those third-party websites may have their own privacy policies that explain their practices relating to advertising, including what type of information they may collect about your Internet usage.
Atria does not provide information relating to your usage of this Site to website operators or network advertisers except as may be permitted pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Some advertising networks we use may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI).
You may opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks by visiting www.networkadvertising.org.
Back to top
Links to Non-Atria Websites
This Site may include links to non-Atria websites for your convenience and information.
These third-party websites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we encourage our users to review.
This Online Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through this Site.
Atria is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any linked websites that we do not control.
Please note, if you visit our Careers page the information you submit will be processed by iCIMS, our third-party service provider.
You may learn more about the iCIMS platform on this page, or view their privacy policy here.
Back to top
Information Security
Atria implements appropriate physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to help us protect personally identifiable information collected through the Site.
Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard information, transmission via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Site.
Back to top
Social Features
The Site may include features that are designed to permit interactions that you initiate between the Site and third-party websites or services, including third-party social networks (collectively, “Social Features”).
For example, you may be able to “like” or “share” content from this Site on other websites or services.
If you use Social Features on the Site, both Atria and the third-party services that operate those Social Features may have access to certain information about you and your use of both this Site and theirs.
The information we collect in connection with your use of Social Features is subject to this Online Privacy Policy.
The information collected and stored by the third parties remains subject to those third parties’ privacy policies, including whether they share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on their websites or services.
Back to top
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not intended for children, nor is it targeted to children under the age of thirteen (13).
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Site, and if we learn that we have received information from a visitor under the age of 13, we will delete such information in accordance with applicable law.
Back to top
Your Choices
You may unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails from us by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in those email communications.
Click here to manage your profile.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as communications regarding our ongoing relationship with you.
Many web browsers provide options to allow you to stop accepting new cookies, or to disable existing cookies.
Please be aware that if you disable cookies on your device, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or other websites.
In addition, disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that use cookies to recognize devices that have opted out.
Back to top
Changes to this Online Privacy Policy
Atria reserves the right to change or restate this Online Privacy Policy, which may be amended from time to time.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this page.
We encourage you to review this Online Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Site to stay informed about our information practices.
Use of this Site following such revisions constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect.
Back to top
California Privacy Rights
California law permits customers in California to request certain details about how their “personal information” (as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83) is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
We do not share personal information with third parties or affiliates for those third parties’ or affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes.
California customers may request information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at privacy@atriaseniorliving.com or by postal mail sent to:
Atria Senior Living
Attention: California Privacy Rights Request
300 East Market Street
Suite 100
Louisville, KY 40202
Your inquiry must specify “California Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line of the email or the first line of the letter, and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per consumer each year.
Please click this link for Atria’s California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) Consumer Privacy Notice.
Back to top
Information for Visitors Outside the United States
If you are visiting this Site from outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect through the Site may be transferred to and stored on our servers in the United States.
By using the Site, you acknowledge and consent to your personally identifiable information being transferred to, and processed in, the United States as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personally identifiable information transferred to the United States may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
Back to top
Contact Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy or about Atria’s information practices, you may email us at privacy@atriaseniorliving.com. You also may contact us at:
Atria Senior Living
Attention: Privacy Inquiry
300 East Market Street
Suite 100
Louisville, KY 40202
Depending on the nature of your inquiry, we may ask you for certain information to verify your identity or to provide other details to help us to respond to your request.
Back to top