https://www.carolgray.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
When seeking services from Carol Gray LLC, you agree to the following Terms and Conditions:
I am seeking therapeutic bodywork services offered by Carol Gray, LLC (CG), during which I will receive hands-on therapy plus information and instruction about exercise and health. These services include massage therapy, craniosacral therapy and other hands-on manual therapy modalities. I understand that bodywork is a physical activity. As is the case with any physical activity, the risk of injury, even serious or disabling, is always present and cannot be entirely eliminated. If I experience any pain or discomfort, I will listen to my body, discontinue the activity and ask for support from the practitioner.
Therapeutic bodywork is not a substitute for medical attention, examination, diagnosis or treatment. Therapeutic bodywork is not recommended, and is not safe, under certain medical conditions. I understand it is my responsibility to consult with a physician prior to, and regarding my use of these services. I certify that I am physically fit and I have no medical condition, which would prevent my full participation. I will make the practitioner aware of any medical conditions or physical limitations before or during every appointment. If I am pregnant I verify that I have my doctor or midwife’s approval to participate.
In consideration for being permitted to receive services from CG, use CG’s facilities and equipment, participate in any of CG’s classes and programs or avail myself of CG’s services, I agree to abide by all rules and regulations established by CG and I hereby release CG, its officers, employees, instructors, trainers, agents or representatives (the “Releasees”) from all liability to the undersigned, my personal representatives, assigns, heirs and next of kin for any and all present and future claims for any loss, damage, theft of personal property, personal injury, bodily injury or death, whether caused by the negligence of the Releasees or otherwise, arising as a result of my use of CG’s facilities or equipment, participation in any of CG’s classes or programs or receipt of any CG services, including personal training services (collectively, “CG activities”).
I further waive and covenant not to sue Releasees for any such claims. I understand and acknowledge the nature and extent of my CG activities, are voluntarily.
I further agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Releasees from any loss, liability, damage or cost, including attorneys’ fees, that may incur due to my use of CG facilities or equipment, or participation in any of CG’s classes or programs, or receipt of any CG services, whether caused by the negligence of the Releasees or otherwise.
I further agree that this Release, Waiver and Indemnity Agreement is intended to be as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the law of the State of Oregon and that if any portion hereof is held invalid, the remainder of the Agreement will continue in full legal force and effect.
I further agree that the venue for any legal proceedings shall be in Multnomah County, Oregon. I affirm that I am of legal age and am freely signing this Agreement. I have read this Agreement and fully understand that I am giving up legal rights and remedies that I might have now or in the future.I further understand that from time to time, CG, may produce still photographs and/or video recordings for marketing purpose. I hereby authorize CG or its assigns to use and reproduce any photographs, personal narrative, interviews or audio and video recording of my participation for any and all purposes, without compensation.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.