http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-loss/noise-induced-hearing-loss
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
40
www.HealthyHearing.com
Chart showing levels of noise from safe to dangerous to hearing
Exposure to hazardous noise is a common cause of hearing loss in adults. During our lives, the cumulative effects of noisy environments, also known as noise pollution, take a toll on the delicate structures of the inner ear. This can result in permanent sensorineural hearing loss.
While adults are at highest risk of noise-induced hearing loss, the rapid increase in headphone and earbud use among kids and teens means they're at risk, too.
Sound vs. noise
Sound is what we hear when vibrations from the source travel through the air and reach our ears. Noise is sometimes defined as unwanted sound, whether it is ear-splitting feedback from an amplifier at a live concert, the boom of a fireworks display finale, the loud crack of gunfire, the roar of the lawnmower, or the piped in music and loud clamor of voices at a hip new restaurant.
In fact, our world has gotten so noisy that "noise pollution" is now considered a public health threat.
What is noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL)?
In simple terms, noise-induced hearing loss is permanent damage to the tiny hair cells in your ears, known as stereocilia, from loud sounds. Akin to earthquakes, hazardous levels of noise produce vibrations in the hair cells that are so powerful they are damaging—sometimes permanently.
Hair cells are not replaceable and do not regrow. Damaged hair cells are unable to trigger electrical signals to the brain, impeding hearing. Both intense but short noises—such as a nearby gunshot—and repeated or continuous exposure to loud noises—such as operating construction equipment—can damage the hair cells.
Noise-induced hearing loss and your hearing test results
Noise-notch hearing loss
There is no gold standard for measuring NIHL, according to the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (NIDCD), although people often complain of difficulty understanding speech. Also, it's common to see what's known as a "noise-notch" pattern on hearing test results. This means that people with NIHL typically hear well at low frequencies, but struggle to hear at certain higher frequencies, resulting in a "noise notch" that can be charted on their audiogram.
Noise-notch hearing loss means a person may struggle to hear speech, especially words with "t," "f" and "s" sounds in them, the NIDCD explains. (For example, the words "that," "fat" and "sat" are hard to distinguish.)
Noise levels of common sounds
In general, people are advised against exposure to any sound above about 85 decibels, though it also depends on how long and how often a person is exposed, as well as how close they are to the sound. A hair stylist using a hair dryer at 70 dB all day can still develop hearing loss, for example, because of how long, how close and how often they are exposed.
Symptoms of noise-induced hearing loss
If you experience hearing loss after exposure to a very loud noise (such as a gun blast), you may have damage to your hearing. You should see a hearing care provider as soon as possible. Other signs that you need to get your hearing tested by a hearing care professional include:
You can hear, yet have trouble understanding what other people are saying, or it sounds like they are mumbling.
You have pain in your ears following loud noise exposure.
Other people comment that you're talking loudly or shouting.
You have tinnitus—ringing, whooshing, roaring or buzzing sounds in your ears—after noise exposure.
Rarely, you may experience diplacusis, or "double hearing"
Common causes of noise-induced hearing loss
Workplace exposure
A staggering 1 out of every 4 American workers have been exposed to dangerous noise, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, and about 12% of all workers have hearing difficulty. Eight percent have tinnitus (which can result from noise exposure). CDC data shows that jobs with the highest risk include:
Mining and oil and gas extraction
Agriculture
Construction and carpentry
Military: The VA provides hearing aids for veterans who qualify.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requires employers to have hearing conservation programs to limit employees' hazardous noise exposure, including providing hearing protection equipment, maintaining machinery, placing barriers or isolating the noise source and developing a hearing conservation program to test employees' hearing. Read more about OSHA hearing regulations here. If you are provided hearing protection at your place of employment, take it seriously. Noise-induced hearing loss can be prevented.
More: Hearing loss in the workplace
Is your hobby harming your hearing?
Things we do for fun can also cause NIHL, including hunting or shooting at a firing range, attending concerts, listening to loud music (or performing it), operating lawn and home improvement equipment, and riding motorcycles and snowmobiles.
Other harmful effects of loud noise exposure
Aside from damaging your hearing, research shows that noise pollution and NIHL can lead to:
Stress
Anxiety
Insomnia, even after the noise stops
High blood pressure
Increased heart rate
Isolation due to hearing loss
Depression due to hearing loss
Fortunately, research shows that hearing aids help with many of these health problems.
Can noise-induced hearing loss be prevented?
Noise-induced hearing loss is usually permanent, so it's important to take precautions to protect your ears. There are several solutions available for people who anticipate being in loud noise situations, including:
Disposable foam earplugs, which are placed in the ear canal, can be purchased at drug, hardware and sporting goods stores. They come in different sizes and lower noise levels by 15 to 30 decibels, which is beneficial in most situations, but not all. Earplugs can also be custom-molded to fit your ears by a hearing healthcare professional.
Earmuffs, which fit completely over the ears and form a seal, lower noise levels by 15 to 30 dB. You can pair earmuffs and plugs together for better noise reduction.
Replacing loud machine parts and using lubricant can reduce friction and lower noise. Many cars, farm equipment and other machinery have mufflers, silencers and bearings that can lessen the sound.
Turning music down. Earbuds inserted directly into the ear canals put loud music right at the eardrum. Be conscious of how loud your music is, and never use music to block out other unwanted sounds. More on how to prevent hearing loss from headphones or earbuds.
Be mindful. Once you become aware of noise hazards, you will notice them everywhere and can take action. For example, avoid walking directly by active construction sites and cross the street instead. If you're stuck in traffic on a busy highway, roll up your car windows for a quieter ride. Wear inexpensive foam earplugs while mowing the lawn or operating a leaf blower.
How do I know if something is too loud?
How loud is too loud? Your can find out via your phone and our list of the best smartphone decibel meter apps to measure noise levels. In general, though, you know it's too loud if you have to lean in close to talk to someone next to you, or shout at them.
How do you treat noise-induced hearing loss?
Noise-induced hearing loss is, unfortunately, permanent. Typically the best treatment for NIHL is properly fitted hearing aids. Today's technology works better than hearing aids of decades ago, and solutions are widely available for every budget and lifestyle need. If you already have hearing loss, find a hearing care provider near you and make an appointment.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing loss / Noise
Related topics
Symptoms Types Causes Tests Treatment Prevention Children Middle ear infections
More information about
hearing aids, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Hearing loss in the workplace
What is noise pollution?
Why do my ears feel clogged?
All about OSHA's noise and hearing regulations
Understanding high-frequency hearing loss
5 ways to protect your hearing this Fourth of July
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Middle ear infections
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!