https://www.nahc.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home | About NAHC | Privacy Policy
Print
Share this page
Mission Statement
NAHC’s Board of Directors
NAHC Staff
Code of Ethics
Join NAHC
Membership Information
Business Partner Membership Benefits
HHFMA Membership Benefits
NAHC Promoter Toolkit
PDHCA Membership Benefits
NAHC FAQ
NAHC’s Affinity Programs
Forum of State Associations
Executive Committee
Forum of State Associations ListServ
Forum of State Associations Locator
State Forum Membership
PD Home Care at NAHC
Member Benefits
The Innovation Diaries – Podcast Series
Winter Leadership Summit
PDHC at NAHC Advisory Board
Private Duty Home Care Accreditation
Private Duty Home Care Certification
Social Media
Home Care & Hospice Hall of Fame
Privacy Policy
Contact NAHC
Testimonials
Exhibiting at the NAHC Conference allows Axxess to connect with and empower the entire industry. It is a unique opportunity to forge partnerships that have helped Axxess grow. Adrian Killebrew, Business Development Executive, Axxess
I have been a member of NAHC almost my entire career and I wouldn’t be in business if I had not been a member of NAHC… The legislative action that NAHC completes for us is invaluable because it brings all of the home care voices together as one and without that we would have no power in Washington.Kim Gaffey, CEO of Gaffey Home Nursing & Hospice
NAHC saved our lives. I became Executive Director two days after pre-claim review was announced, so it was baptism by fire. I remember my first call with Bill. He could have easily said, ‘this is what you’re going to do.’ But he didn’t. He said ‘how can we work together?’ He said ‘maybe we should do a weekly call with your members.’ Fabulous! For 22 weeks we did a weekly call with our members with Bill and I on the phone answering questions as best we could. Getting information to them and trying to ease their pain, at the same time, we’re advocating like crazy. The success of that experience taught us a lot.Sara Ratcliffe, Executive Director of Illinois HomeCare & Hospice Council
The annual conference has been exceptional. Great speakers. A lot of motivation and a lot of great information to take back to share with my colleagues. Really focused on patient-centeredness…Exciting stuff. Diane Graham, VP of Clinical Operations Support & Professional Development at Amedisys
The NAHC Annual Meeting is the place to be if you are in the home care and hospice space. This is a must attend show for newcomers and home care veterans alike.Jennie Perrelli, Director of Events, Education and Outreach, Simione Healthcare Consultants
NAHC not only attracts hundreds of attendees, it attracts quality attendees that are serious decision makers looking for change and new solutions. NAHC strategically selects amazing locations to host their conferences, pulling in the local culture and vibe.
These locations provide an amazing ambiance as well as many locations for networking opportunities.
NAHC is a must for your 2019 Conference Calendar.Jill Schexnayder, KanTime Marketing and Events Coordinator
The annual conference has been amazing. The amount of access to people who have all the answers is unbelievable. Even the biggest speakers, you get time to rub elbows with… It’s been completely remarkable and I’m going to leave here really empowered to do a lot of good things for our members. I can’t wait for next year.Joe Russell, Ohio Council for Home Care & Hospice
We always have multiple members of our team attend the Financial Management Conference. The universal feedback is it a great conference due to the content and networking with others in the industry. We believe it is a great value for the money. We are sending six to the FMC this year based off prior years and believe it worth the travel cost in today’s environment. This event is a priority item versus other opportunities.Joe Calcutt, Chief Financial Officer of Liberty Healthcare
FMC is like the World Series. It occurs once a year bringing together the best minds of the consulting, provider, technology and other suppliers of the home health and hospice industries for a thoughtful and intense discussion of the most relevant issues and challenges we face. You simply cannot afford to miss it.Walter W. Borginis III, CPA, CGMA, MBA, FCPP, Former President and CEO of Visiting Nurse Association of Philadelphia
If I only go to one conference a year, the Financial Management Conference is the one. It's focused, intense, and gives leaders what is needed to guide their hospice and home health agencies for the future. I have not missed a FMC since moving into a leadership roleCarolyn Flietstra, Executive Vice President of Home and Community Services at Holland Home
NAHC Privacy Policy
What Information Does NAHC Collect?
Most data NAHC collects is used only to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will notify all users by email or a special announcement placed on the website.
From General Users. NAHC does not collect any personal information from users browsing its websites or affiliates websites. We do collect non-personal data which is sent automatically by your web browser.  This non-personal data consists of but not limited to; IP address, browser type, device type, operating system and local time zone. The non-personal data is used to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our sites.  Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
From NAHC’s Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on NAHC’s websites and affiliate sites, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. NAHC asks users to provide their name, member number (for members), company name, company address, company phone, and email. Similar information may be submitted to NAHC through membership applications and conference or webinar registration. Additionally, for some emails sent in HTML format by NAHC to its members through its discussion groups and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, NAHC will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user’s “click,” a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. NAHC only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner. As with general users, NAHC does collect non-personal data which is sent automatically by your web browser.  This non-personal data consists of but not limited to; IP address, browser type, device type, operating system and local time zone. The non-personal data is used to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our sites.  Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
Security. Although we use security measures to help protect your personal data against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided to us over the internet.  All information is stored on secure servers and all payment transactions will be encrypted.
How Does NAHC Use Data Collected?
NAHC use information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
NAHC Member Services and Products. Generally, NAHC and its direct affiliates use data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors’ interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. NAHC also makes member contact information available through the NAHC Agency Locator and NAHC Business Partner Marketplace using its website and to those who register for its conferences. On occasion, NAHC may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers or e-mail addresses. Users may request NAHC refrain from disclosing the data it collects to third parties on the membership application form, conference registration form or any other form on which they are providing information; an opt-out box will appear on each form on which a user provides information. Alternatively, users may contact NAHC at membership@NAHC.org or 202-547-7424 to express their preferences if they determine later that they do not wish to have the information shared.
Consent to Use Personal Information. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act(s) 1984 and 1998 (as applicable), NAHC its agents must store, host and otherwise process the information (including personal data) supplied by the User when registering for this website. NAHC may send such data outside the European Economic Area for processing. If you reside in the European Union, please indicate your consent that the personal information you have provided may be transferred and stored in countries outside of the EU, including the United States. User supplies as defined above when registering for the Web site in order to allow NAHC (or its designated agents) to use the information to send the User unsolicited direct mail advertisements, promotions, and solicitations for third parties’ products and services.
Credit Card Account Information. NAHC does not disclose or store credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, NAHC submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse using encrypted SSL technology.
How Does NAHC Use Cookies?
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a User’s hard disk for use either during a particular session (“per-session” cookie) or for future use (“persistent” cookie). NAHC uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, determine appropriate solicitations, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. When a user registers, the system will ask whether the user approves of the attachment of a cookie. Users may instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting a “persistent” cookie and rather accept only a “per-session” cookie, but will need to login each time they visit the site to enjoy the full benefits. If the user declines the attachment of any cookie, the user may not have access to the full benefits of the website. Registration enables the site to better determine members’ interest areas and provide the most relevant information.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links to Other Sites?
This website contains links to other web sites. NAHC has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
What to do if You Have a Privacy Concern?
If any User believes NAHC has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us via email or by calling 202-547-7424.
National Association for Home Care & Hospice
228 Seventh Street, SE
Washington, DC 20003
Phone: (202) 547-7424
Fax: (202) 547-3540
This policy was last updated on February 1, 2019.
Affiliates