https://www.bowelcanceruk.org.uk/campaigning/support-our-campaigns/this-is-bowel-cancer-take-action-to-help-us-save-lives/
Home / Donate
This is bowel cancer. Make your voice heard.
Every 15 minutes in the UK somebody is diagnosed with bowel cancer.  It doesn’t just impact the person diagnosed, it also affects families, friends and colleagues, doctors and nurses, scientists and researchers - that’s millions of people right across the UK.
Margaret lost her daughter Annabel to the disease and sadly she isn’t alone. Bowel cancer is the second biggest cancer killer, but it doesn’t have to be. This cancer is treatable and curable, especially when diagnosed early. The UK Government has promised that in the next 10 years three out of four cancers will be diagnosed at an early, more treatable stage.
But right now NHS services are facing unprecedented pressure and the UK’s cancer survival rates are lagging behind comparable countries meaning people affected by bowel cancer are not receiving the best treatment and care. We need your help to change this.
Urgent action is needed to address the biggest challenges facing people affected by bowel cancer. The next Government has an opportunity to help stop people dying of the disease, but with the current political turmoil we need your help more than ever to make politicians listen.
We're calling on the new Government to help ensure that everyone affected by bowel cancer receives the best treatment and care by committing to the following:
Investing in early diagnosis by delivering improvements to bowel cancer screening
Tackling staff shortages to address the capacity crisis in the NHS endoscopy and pathology services that diagnose bowel cancer
Securing better outcomes for younger bowel cancer patients and those at high risk of developing bowel cancer
Ensuring advanced bowel cancer patients are given access to the best treatment and care
Pledge my support
Will you sign your name in support?
Take action by simply filling out your details below.
First name
Last name
Email Address
Postcode
Let's Keep in Touch
We’d love to keep you up to date by email about our campaigns, latest news, research and ways you can support us.
Yes
No
Please don't go! If you choose no, we won't be able to get in touch with you about our campaigns work and how you're helping people affected by bowel cancer.
We take your privacy seriously and promise to never sell your data. You can find out more about your rights, how we use your personal information and how we keep your details safe and secure by reading our Privacy Policy.
For more information, to update your choices or to stop us sending you updates, email dataprotection@bowelcanceruk.org.uk or call 0207 940 1760.
Sign the petition
Thanks supporter
Thanks for signing up to the Step for 30 campaign. To complete the setup of your JustGiving page you need to first create an account for myemail@domain.tld, please enter a new password to use below. Alternatively if you already have an account and would like to use it just click here.
Login
Thanks supporter
Thanks for signing up to the Step for 30 campaign. To complete the setup of your JustGiving page you need to login to your myemail@domain.tld account, please enter the password for that account below. Alternatively if you have a different account you would like to use just click here.
Invalid username or password
Login
Forgotten your password?
Forgotten password
Hi supporter, do you want to send a password reminder?.
Send Password Reminder
JustGiving Login
Hi supporter, please enter your JustGiving login details below and we'll handle the rest.
Invalid username or password
Login
Forgotten your password?