http://www.eirpharm.com/legal/pages/Privacy-Statement_22
Brought to you by  Rochford's Pharmacies, Clare &  University Late Night Pharmacy, Galway
Home
Health
Beauty
Sports
Pharmacy
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Eirpharm is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. We will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes intended.Please note that this Privacy Statement is subject to the Terms and Conditions (where applicable) of the Eirpharm website. You should read a copy of the Terms and Conditions before using this website. Should any conflict arise between the provisions as set out in the Privacy Statement and the Terms and Conditions then the provisions of the Terms and Conditions shall prevail.Please note we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other website even if such website is accessible through this website.The contents of this Privacy Statement are subject to change and to being updated without notice at any time.We do not, as a general rule, collect personal information when you visit our website. Personal information, for the purposes of this statement, is information that clearly identifies an individual. For example the individuals name or names, address and contact details. For certain sections of the website, personal information may be supplied by you in order for us to reply to specific queries you may make.For example when you send us an email of fill out a form on the site. For general web browsing no personal information is disclosed by you.We respect your right to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you through this website without your permission. However please note that communications between users and our website (including, but not restricted to, email correspondence, our “Ask The Pharmacist” feature, “Order your prescription” feature and all subscription lists), while treated confidentially by us, are not encrypted and no absolute guarantee of security can be provided. This site has security measures in place to protect the information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please do not use these services if this causes you concern.We will never provide your personal information to any other company or organisation unless we are required to do so under legislation.Non Personal Information:
Certain non personal information in relation to web usage is monitored.
We may record some or all of the following data.
The address of the server you use to search our site.
The date and time of access.
The pages you have accessed and the documents downloaded.
Where a specific search is made on any of our medical databases a unique reference number is generated together with the time and date and details of the specific search. You are advised to retain this unique reference number for your records. We retain a record of this unique search and the time and date of such search.Some or all of this information is used to find out how visitors are using our website. Such information allows us to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our website which in turn may be used to inform us on how to make improvements to our site and the service provided therein.Cookies:This website does use cookies. Cookies are a standard Internet technology and are small text files that identify your computer to our server. They provide us with data about how often our site is visited and by how many people. Cookies give the identity of a specific computer and do not give the identify of a specific user. This information may be used by us to monitor how people are accessing our website and helps us identify ways of improving the service we provide.
Last update: 15/05/2013 10:17
• Previous update: 30/11/-0001 00:00
Health
Special Feature: Babies & Children
Check your Health
Natural Medicines
Health Tips
Beauty
Your Favourite Brands
Clarins Beauty Salon
Fragrances
Cosmetic Sale
Skincare
Special Offers
Your Beauty Experts
Sports
Medication Checker
Changes for 2020
Prescriber's Guide 2020
Medication Checker App
Sport Ireland Resources
Sport Ireland Forms
Pharmacy
Ask the Pharmacist
Manage Your Medicines
Residential Home Supply
Save on Your Medicine Bills
Breast Pump Hire
TENS Machine Hire
Order your Repeat Prescription
First Aid Kits & Advice
Mastectomy Fittings
Health Tips
Miscellaneous
Contact Us
Find your nearest Store
Press
About Us
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Copyright © 2020 eirpharm.com. All rights reserved. Valid XHTML
Find us on:
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.