http://www.debra.org/about-us/donor-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Debra
What We Do
Meet the Team
DEBRA International
Donor Privacy Policy
Annual Reports & Financials
Downloadable Materials
Connect With Us
debra of America respects the privacy of all donors. We believe in safeguarding personal information and ensuring that donor privacy is protected.
Your name, address, and any other personal data you provide will only be used by debra of America to keep you informed of our activities including our programs and services, special events, and funding needs.
No sharing of personal information
debra of America will not sell, share, trade, or lease your personal information to other organizations. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of debra of America and to further the organization’s mission.
Removing your name from our mailing list
It is not out desire to send unwanted mail to our donors. If at any time you choose to not receive our communications, you may contact debra of America and we will gladly remove your name from our mailing list.
Contacting us
If you have comments or questions about our Donor Privacy Policy, please send us an email at staff@debra.org or call us at 212-868-1573.
Search
Sign up for our Newsletter
75 Broad Street |Suite 300
New York | NY 10004
212-868-1573
212-868-9296
staff@debra.org
Footer Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Donor Privacy Policy
Shop
debra of America has earned the highest possible rating of 4 stars from Charity Navigator, the nation's leading charity evaluator.
© Copyright 2020, debra of America, All Rights Reserved | The Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa Research Association of America, d/b/a debra of America is a registered 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization. | All Trademarks and Brands are Property of Their Respective Owners. debra of America does not endorse any drugs, tests, or treatments that we may report. This website is for informational purposes, always check with your physician before adopting any medical treatment. | EIN: 11-2519726
Debra
About Us
What We Do
Meet the Team
DEBRA International
Donor Privacy Policy
Annual Reports & Financials
Downloadable Materials
Connect With Us
About EB
EB in Depth
Clinical Trials
Personal Stories
EB in the News
How To
Care for Wounds
Care for Blisters
Care for Newborns
Choose Products
Prepare a Bath
Recognize Infection
EB Care Tips
Get Help
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Fundraise
Host a Supporter Led Event
Government Advocacy
Join an Action Group
Internship
Volunteer
Purchase with Purpose
Subscribe to Emails
Events
debra-Hosted Events
Supporter Led Events
TEAM DEBRA
Awareness & Advocacy Events
Search
Donate