http://www.musicandimagery.org.au/privacy-policy.html
Music and Imagery Association of Australia
Home
Therapy
What is GIM?
Benefits
Trained Therapists
Training
Events
Membership
About Membership
Information
Articles
Books
Video Gallery
About Us
History
Governance
Logo
Public Documents
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Links
Music and Imagery Association of Australia (MIAA) Inc.                                                  Policy regarding your Privacy and Personal Information.Collection of Personal Information.1. When you inquire about membership of MIAA, conferences, workshops or seminars, your inquiry will be dealt with promptly. Your personal details will be used to facilitate contact with you regarding your inquiry. We will retain your contact details on a data base for you to receive information about future conferences, workshops and seminars, unless you indicate via email or post that you no longer want information from MIAA. We will then immediately delete your name and contact details from our data base.2. When you inquire about a Registered Guided Imagery and Music (GIM) practitioner, your personal details will be used only to facilitate contact with you regarding this inquiry. Once this process is complete, your personal details will not be stored.3. When you apply for membership of MIAA, or you are providing an update of information for an existing membership, you are providing your name, address, telephone number, email address, and other information relating to yourself. This information enables MIAA to provide you with these services; regular news items, information about MIAA approved training courses, and information regarding workshops, seminars etc.This information will be stored securely by MIAA. Should you cease to be a member of MIAA your details will be removed from the membership list.When you take out membership, it is MIAA's understanding that you consent to your personal information being collected and used for the purpose of providing the services as stated above.                                                                          MIAA Council  updated March 2015
Powered by
Create your own unique website with customizable templates.
Get Started