http://www.randeye.com/privacy-policy/
Home
|About Us
|Cataract Eye Surgery
|LASIK Eye Surgery
|Procedures
|Eye Conditions
|Blog/News
|Forms
|Contact Us
NAVIGATION MENU
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Disclaimer:
All health and health-related information contained within this web site is intended to be general in nature and should not be used as a substitute for a visit with a health care professional. The advice is intended to offer only a general basis for individuals to discuss their medical condition with their health care provider. Your health care provider should be consulted regarding matters concerning the medical condition, treatment and needs of you and your family.
Although every effort is made to ensure that the material within this Web site is accurate and timely, it is provided for the convenience of the Web site user and should not be considered official. Users of this Web site are advised to refer to and rely upon the official version of information when making significant decisions.
Our Promise to You:
The Rand Eye Institute, including its not-for-profit entity the Rand Eye Foundation provides this Web site as a public service. We appreciate the trust you place in Rand Eye Institute, and we will not jeopardize your trust in any way. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
Rand Eye Institute has always been committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information about our current and prospective patients. We are proud of our privacy practices and take great care to protect your personal information.
Rand Eye Institute may use personal information about you to diagnose, recommend and schedule a plan of care for your visual needs. When we do, we do so with respect for your privacy and it to provide you with the best care possible.
Privacy Policy:
This notice is being given to you on behalf of the Rand Eye Institute, and provides you with our policies on the handling of non-public personal information about you. By using this Site, you consent to our Privacy Policy set out below.
Our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us. Any information you choose to share with us will not be disclosed to anyone outside of the Rand Eye Institute or Rand Eye Foundation. We will not, without your consent, release specific personally-identifiable information about you to third parties, except where such release is necessary to complete a transaction you have requested. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Use of Information:
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to facilitate efficient transactions and provide you with information regarding relevant products and services. Rand Eye Institute and Rand Surgical Pavilion, as a fully licensed and joint commission accredited out patient health care facility, is prohibited by law in divulging any sensitive and proprietary information.
Information Collection:
If you choose to provide us with personal information (i.e. name, address, email and phone number) by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our Web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request.
Information Sharing:
Rand Eye Institute will not sell or share information to an entity unaffiliated with Rand Eye Institute, Rand Eye Foundation or the Rand Surgical Pavilion for the purposes of commercial or political solicitation under any circumstance.
We limit access to personally-identifable information to only those employees who need it to perform their job duties while providing products and services to you, or to maintain or service those products or services. Personal information may be shared with and reviewed by members of the Rand Eye Institute only, including the Rand Surgical Pavilion and Rand Eye Foundation, to assist us in providing offers for products or services that may be of interest to you. Rand Eye Institute is legally bound and contractually obligated to keep the personal information confidential and to use such information only to provide the services our patients ask us to perform.
Information Security:
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect personal information. We also employ encryption technologies and user authentication procedures that are designed to keep your data secure. We limit access to personal information to authorized personnel who need access to provide you with the best care possible.
Links to Other Sites:
Please note that some pages within this Web site, for the convenience of users, are linked to Web sites not managed by Rand Eye Institute. Neither Rand Eye Institute nor Rand Eye Foundation review, control or take responsibility for the content of these Web sites.
Links from this Web site to Web sites not managed by Rand Eye Institute do not imply endorsement or credibility of the service, information or product offered through the linked sites. Some persons and places images used on our website may be of stock photography and are not actual patients. Some images may be of actual patient case studies and testimonials.
Rand Eye Institute provides links to other Internet sites that provide health information. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Privacy policy updates:
As business conditions and healthcare regulations change, we will update this policy to reflect changes in our business practices. We will post any and all revisions to our privacy policy on our web site.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated through our posting an amended and restated Privacy Policy on our Site. Our posting the amended and restated Privacy Policy will make such new Privacy Policy immediately effective. This Privacy Policy was last amended on October 19, 2006.
Privacy policy additional information:
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., on our sites. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the sites, compile reports on the sites’ activity, and provide other services related to sites activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor and any referring website. The sites do not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
Web users in European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland.
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our site.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: As explained above, we process personal data in various ways depending upon your use of the services. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to provide the services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.
Your rights: You are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal data, which include the right to access and rectify and to request erasure of personal data. In order to verify your identity, we will require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you. This section of our privacy policy was edited on December 2017.
Questions and Comments:
Rand Eye Institute welcomes your continuous input regarding our Privacy Policy or our services provided to you. Please feel free to send your privacy-related comments or questions to privacy@randeye.com or write to: RAND EYE INSTITUTE, Privacy Office, 5 West Sample Road, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33064. You may also call 954-782-1700.
Thank you for your continued interest in Rand Eye Institute.
Cataract & Refractive Menu Custom Laser Cataract Surgery
Refractive Cataract Surgery
Lifestyle Vision
Rand Surgical Pavilion
Crystalens
TECNIS Multifocal
ReSTOR
LASIK Menu No-Flap LASIK
CustomVue LASIK
LASIK Journey
LASIK for Astigmatism
Implantable Contact Lens ICL
Eye Conditions Menu Cataract
Glaucoma
Diabetic Retinopathy
Macular Degeneration
Macular Hole
Macular Pucker
Retinal Vein Occlusion
Floaters/Spots
Floaters and Flashes
Uveitis
Vitreo-Retinal Department
Dry Eye Syndrome
Pterygium
DSEK
Sub-Specialty Areas Vitreo-Retinal Department
Ocular Surface Center
Cosmetic Eyelid Surgery
Community Education Menu Speakers Bureau
Continuing Education Seminars
Resources Patient Forms
Insurance
Driving Directions
Virtual Tour
Careers
Continuing Education Seminars
Speakers Bureau
Rand Surgical Pavilion
| Careers | Insurance | Virtual Tour | Continuing Education Seminars | Driving Directions |
Speakers Bureau |
Privacy Policy
Links Home | About Us | Cataract | LASIK | Procedures | Eye Conditions | Blog/News | Links | Contact Us
Back to Top