http://www.radltd.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Collection of Your Personal Information
Radiology Ltd. collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Radiology Ltd. also collects anonymous demographic information which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Radiology Ltd. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Radiology Ltd. for the operation of online services, to maintain quality of the services and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Radiology Ltd. website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Radiology Ltd. public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Radiology Ltd. does not read any of your private online communications.
Radiology Ltd. encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our site so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Radiology Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Radiology Ltd. and Radiology Ltd. family of websites.
Use of Your Personal Information
Radiology Ltd. collects and uses your personal information to operate the Radiology Ltd. website and deliver any services you request. Radiology Ltd. also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Radiology Ltd. and its affiliates. Radiology Ltd. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Radiology Ltd. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Radiology Ltd. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Radiology Ltd. may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Radiology Ltd., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Radiology Ltd. does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Radiology Ltd. keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Radiology Ltd., in order to determine what Radiology Ltd. services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Radiology Ltd. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Radiology Ltd. websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Radiology Ltd. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Radiology Ltd.; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Radiology Ltd., or the public.
Collection of Cookies
The Radiology Ltd. website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Radiology Ltd. pages, or register with Radiology Ltd. sites or services, a cookie helps Radiology Ltd. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Radiology Ltd. website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved so you can easily use the Radiology Ltd. features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Radiology Ltd. services or websites you visit.
Security of Your Personal Information
Radiology Ltd. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Radiology Ltd. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to This Statement
Occasionally Radiology Ltd. will update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Radiology Ltd. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Radiology Ltd. is protecting your information.
Contact our HIPAA and Security Department