http://www.lostbet.com/privacy-policy
Home
Advice
Managing Your Money
How to Stop Gambling
Signs of Gambling Addiction
Stages of Gambling Addiction
How to Play Safely
Gambling Self Help Guide
Helping Family and Friends with Gambling Problems
Tips to Quit Gambling Addiction
News
About
Contact Us
FAQ
Support
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
LOSTBET.COM values the privacy of every individual who reveals his or her personal details on the website. We are committed to keeping your information safe and consider the protection of your health and personal information a significant part of our way of creating, organizing, and implementing our activities, both on land as well as offline.
LOSTBET.COM can collect information from you in any one of three ways. First, we may require you to submit certain documents when you request us for information, assistance, or services. Second, we may ask you to complete certain surveys, in which you will be required to reveal some personal information. Third, we may receive personal information from you when you send us an email or type messages or comments on this website.
Visitors to LOSTBET.COM are free to browse without revealing any personal information, but anonymous visitors will not be able to use all the features and facilities available at LOSTBET.COM.
We assure our visitors that we will use any personal information you reveal to us only for the purpose for which we collected it. LOSTBET.COM collects information for research, product development, planning, testing, and security. We can also use your information to administer, operate, develop, and enhance the website further and for legal purposes. We also request information whenever we feel that some illegal activity has taken place.
We may divulge visitor information to those who help us develop our products and services as well as organizations and individuals who assist with audits, archiving, banking, call centre, recruitment, research and technology, and so on.
While we assure our visitors that we can and will definitely take care of their personal information, we cannot give any guarantee for the safety of the information while it is being sent to us online. However, visitors do not need to worry about the safety and security of their information once it has been successfully transmitted to us. We will take the required security measures to protect it from disclosure, unauthorized access, and modification. When we no longer require the information you have provided, we will delete it from our database.
Simultaneously, we reserve the right to preserve feedback forms, requests for information, and emails. But we will not make any unauthorized use of your contact details or other personal information without your permission.
LOSTBET.COM may save cookies in your browser. You may change your browser settings to prevent this, but you might not be able to access some of our services if you choose to do so. We may also use web beacons to track the activities of visitors to our site. If this concerns you for some reason, all you need to do is disable your browser’s cookies. If you do this, the web beacon will inform us that we had an anonymous visitor, but we will not get any personal information such as IP addresses.
If you wish to modify or change personal information already divulged to us, all you need to do is get in touch with us.
About
Privacy
Terms
Sitemap
Contact
© lostbet.com 2012