https://www.caseyhouse.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
MenuAbout Us
Who We Are
History & Milestones
Message from CEO Joanne Simons
Philosophy of Care
Purpose, Values & Philosophy of Care
Clients’ Declaration
Harm Reduction
Areas Of Care
Areas of Care: Overview
Inpatient Program
Day Health Program
Community Care Program
Community Outreach Program
Social Community Program
Accessing Care
Refer A Client
As An Inpatient Client
As A Day Health Client
Client Relations
Client Stories
Careers
Careers: Overview
Opportunities
Student Placements
Support Us
Support Us: Overview
Donate Now: One-Time or Monthly Donation
Corporate Partners
Fundraising Events
Community Fundraising
Legacy Giving & Gifts of Securities
Current Donors
Volunteering
Research & Education
Research At Casey House
Education
Videos: HIV/AIDS & LTC
HIV & mental health library
HIV/AIDS Resources
Casey House in the Community
Podcast- Positively Speaking
Community Partnerships
The Casey Awards
Governance & Accountability
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Accountability, Accessibility & Freedom of Information
Annual Reports
Learn
More
Media Room
Contact Us
Announcements & Events
Home > Privacy Policy
Accountability & Privacy
Casey House Privacy Policy (PDF)
Casey House values every dollar that we receive from our generous donors.
Since Casey House was founded in 1988, our mission has been at the forefront of everything we do: To provide exemplary treatment, support and palliative care for people affected by HIV/AIDS, in collaboration with our communities.
Accountability to our community, in delivery of our mission, is a responsibility we take very seriously.
We are committed to transparency, and feel strongly that it is our duty to keep our donors informed of how we use your generous donations. All our fundraising activities are overseen by a volunteer Board of Directors, to ensure effective stewardship of money raised.
In accordance with best practice, there are a number of elements of the fundraising mix at Casey House: Major gifts, planned giving, direct mail and special events. Diversifying our funding sources ensures that our mission and ability to provide care will remain protected, no matter the economic pressures of the time.
Following are some of the ways we keep you informed:
Donor BIll of Rights (PDF)
Audited Financial Statements & Annual Report
Privacy Policy (PDF)
We welcome your questions and comments at any time. Please give us a call at 416-962-4040 ext. 232, or contact us by email at heart@caseyhouse.on.ca.
Search the Site
Search
Donate Now