http://www.lloydssolutions.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy | Medical Billing and Coding Company | Healthcare Outsourcing Services in India, USA | Lloyds Solutions inc
Home
About Us
SERVICES
Medical Billing
end-to-end-billing
hospital billing services
paper-claims
insurance-claims-processing
physician-billing
Medical Transcription Services
medical coding
Anesthesia Coding
CPT Coding
ICDC9 Coding
Certified Medical Coders
Surgery Coding
Radiology Coding
Inpatient Coding
Cardiology Coding
Physician Coding
Pathology Coding
Physical Therapy Coding
Hospital Coding
EHR
Appointment reminders
PRACTICE MANAGEMENT
PHYSICIAN CREDENTIALING
COMPUTER SUPPORT
BOOK KEEPING
Partners
FAQ’S
MEDICAL BILLING FAQ’s
MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTION FAQ’s
PHYSICIAN CREDENTIALING FAQ’s
MEDICAL CODING
FAQ’s
EHR
FAQ’s
APPOINTMENT REMINDERS FAQ’s
PRACTICE MANAGEMENT
FAQ’s
COMPUTER SUPPORT FAQ’s
BOOK KEEPING FAQ’s
Careers
Contact Us
Javascript is disabled in your web browser. Please enable it
(see how).
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy while using the World Wide Web is very important to Lloyds Solutions (“Lloyds Solutions”). Lloyds Solutions respects your right to control how much information you provide about yourself. The following Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, protect, and use information we receive from visitors to our web site (this “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through this Site and not to information collected offline.
1. What Personally Identifiable Information Is Collected
We do not collect personally identifiable information on our Site unless you voluntarily provide information about yourself via an electronic mail message or by filling out one of our online forms. By “personal information,” we mean data that is unique to an individual, such as a name, address or telephone number. For example, if you send us an email, we may use the information you provide to follow up via telephone or email. The information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to support your continued relationship with Lloyds Solutions.
We have unparalleled expertise in the field of Insurance and Healthcare and are compliant with HIPAA right from our inception.
No software or hardware techniques are employed to capture a visitor’s email address or other personally identifiable information. Lloyds Solutions does monitor individual traffic patterns on our Site, but we do not use “cookies” or invisible images to track how you use our Site. These statistics indicate the total number of hits, the total number of page hits, the number of kilobytes transferred from our Site, and the IP address of the visitor. If we decide to avail ourselves of this information to analyze Site traffic, we will only be able to measure the number of visitors to our Site and the addresses of the web sites from which our visitors come. Email addresses and other personally identifiable information are not available to us.
2. How the Information You Provide Is Used
Should you send us your comments or questions via email to any email address provided on our Site, we will only share your communications with our employees or agents capable of addressing your questions and concerns. We will retain your communication until we have used commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with a response, and then we will either discard it or, in some cases, archive it. If you are applying for a position with Lloyds Solutions and submit an application through this Site, we will archive your resume for future consideration. We will only disclose personal information to third parties if we are required to do so by law or believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights and property; (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; or (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. We do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose our mailing lists or other personally identifiable information you may provide to a third party without your consent.
3. Security of Information Sent to Us
Please note that, unless we expressly advise you otherwise, the email functionality on our Site does not provide a means for completely secure and private communications between us. Like all unencrypted Internet email communications, your email may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email to communicate information to us that you consider to be confidential. While we strive to protect your personal information, Lloyds Solutions cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived. If you wish, you may contact us instead via telephone at the numbers provided throughout our Site.
4. Disclosure of Customer Information Through Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, and in so doing, acquire customer information. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Similarly, in the unlikely event that a portion or substantially all of Lloyds Solutions assets are sold or transferred to a third party, the information you have voluntarily provided to us, including your email address, would likely be one of the transferred business assets.
5. Privacy Policies of Web Sites Not Under Our Control
For your convenience, this Site may provide links to various web sites that we do not control. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our Site and connected to the web site of the organization or company that you selected. We are not responsible for the nature, quality or accuracy of the content or opinions expressed in such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for quality, accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked web site on the Site does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked web site by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products or services provided on these web sites. Even if an affiliation exists between our Site and a third-party web site, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. If you visit a web site that is linked from our Site, and whenever interacting with any web site, we encourage you to consult that web site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
6. Access and Correction
You have a right to know about the personal information that Lloyds Solutions has collected through your requests as described above, including the right to correct or amend the information that Lloyds Solutions has on file if it is incorrect. You may also change the status of whether you wish to receive Lloyds Solutions alerts, newsletters and communications at anytime. If at any time you wish to exercise these rights, feel free to contact us at webadministrator@Lloyds Solutions.com or by phone.
7. Typographical Errors
By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through this Site.
Lloyds Solutions welcomes comments and questions about this Policy and about our Site. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information while providing a robust and friendly Web environment. Any comments or questions regarding Lloyds Solutions’ electronic information privacy practices may be directed to our Web Administrator at
admin@lloydssolutions.com
26 Tower PlaceFanwood, NJ 07023Ph: 800-346-9426
Headquarters: 26 Tower place, Fanwood, NJ 07023
Tel:800-346-9426
Mob:917-207-7088
Branch Office: 1031 Sparkleberry Ln Ext., Columbia SC 29223
Tel:803-463-2890
Fax: 908-4623821, Email: sales@lloydssolutions.com
HOME
ABOUT US
SERVICES
FAQ'S
PARTNERS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP
Copyright @2016.Lloyds Solutions.All rights Reserved