https://www.90210eyes.com/your-privacy
Privacy Policy: Ophthalmology Beverly Hills, CA & Torrance, CA: Beverly Hills Institute of Ophthalmology
How does our site make you feel?Great   Indifferent
Call Us
Email
Home
About Practice
Our Doctors
Services
Comprehensive Eyecare
Wellness Vision Exams
Optical
Laser Eye Surgery
Allegretto Wave ® Eye-Q Laser
Advanced CustomVue®
IntraLase TM FS Laser
PRK
Radial Keratotomy (RK)
Refractive Lens Exchange
Monovision Correction (RLE)
Visian ICL®
LASIK
Cataracts
Laser Cataract Surgery
Multifocal and Accommodating IOLs
AcrySof ® IQ ReSTOR ® IOL
TECNIS ® Multifocal IOL
Crystalens®
AcrySof® IQ Toric IOLs for Astigmatism
Monofocal IOLs
Dry Eyes
Glaucoma
SLT Laser
YAG PI Laser
Trabeculectomy
Astigmatism
Cornea Transplant
View More Services
Web Registration
Order Contacts
FAQs
Blog
Testimonials
Contact
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
We are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to our Practice's Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
This Practice collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. This Practice also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by this website.
This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of this Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
This Practice encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from the website so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. This Practice is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on any other Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
This Practice collects and uses your personal information to operate the Web site and deliver the services you have requested. This Practice also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from this Practice and its affiliates. This Practice may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
This Practice does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. This Practice may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
This Practice does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
This Practice will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law.
Use of Cookies
The Web site uses "cookies" to help this Practice personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
Security of your Personal Information
This Practice secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. This Practice secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
This Practice will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how this Practice is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Please contact us by phone at 310-273-2333 or by mail at 416 N Bedford Drive, Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.
Location
Beverly Hills Institute of Ophthalmology
416 N Bedford Drive, Suite 300
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Phone: 310-273-2333
Fax:
(310) 273-6583
Office Hours
Monday
8:00 am
- 5:00 pm
Tuesday
8:00 am
- 5:00 pm
Wednesday
8:00 am
- 5:00 pm
Thursday
8:00 am
- 5:00 pm
Friday
8:00 am
- 5:00 pm
Saturday
Closed
Sunday
Closed
Get in touch
310-273-2333
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Beverly Hills Institute of Ophthalmology, Beverly Hills, CA
Phone (appointments): 310-273-2333
|
Phone (general inquiries): 310-273-2333
Address: 416 N Bedford Drive, Suite 300,
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Beverly Hills Institute of Ophthalmology, Torrance, CA
Phone (appointments): 310-273-2333
|
Phone (general inquiries): 310-273-2333
Address: 23441 Madison Street,
Torrance, CA 90505
5/5
(4
reviews)
×