https://www.healio.com/footer/legal/terms-and-conditions
Copyright Information and Limitations on Use
Updated: June 2, 2020
Copyright © 2020 The Wyanoke Group. All Rights Reserved.
All information contained on or available through this website is protected by copyright law in the United States of America and in other countries. No one has permission to copy, display, distribute, republish, or create derivative works from such information in any form unless otherwise specified.
This website is owned and operated by The Wyanoke Group, 6900 Grove Road, Thorofare, NJ 08086.
Access or use of the site or any sites operated by The Wyanoke Group’s subsidiary companies (including SLACK Incorporated, Healio.com, Healio, Healio Strategic Solutions, Healio Live, Vindico Medical Education, or any website within the Healio network) means you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. These Terms and Conditions include the site’s Privacy Policy and any guidelines, rules or disclaimers that may be posted and updated on specific web pages or on notices that are sent to you. Please do not use this site if you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions.
The Wyanoke Group reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions in its sole discretion at any time and without prior notice. This page should be checked periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes will mean that you have accepted the changes. Under the terms of General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) put into effect on Wyanoke Group sites on May 25, 2018, you may opt-out of your use of the site and the storage of any personal information that use entails at any time.
All content in this site, including site layout, design, images, text and other information is The Wyanoke Group’s property and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under applicable law or as described in these Terms and Conditions or relevant license or subscriber agreement, you may not copy, display, distribute, modify, publish, reproduce, store, transmit, create derivative works from, or sell or license all or any part of the content, products or services obtained from this site in any medium to anyone.
Content from the site may be printed or saved by you for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices are kept intact by you. Without prior written permission from The Wyanoke Group and its associated companies, you may not engage in systematic retrieval of content from the site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory. To request permission to publish, reproduce, distribute, display or make derivative works from any content on the site, click on the link that says “Request Permission” on the page where the content resides (you will be directed to the Copyright Clearance Center’s Rightslink service), OR click on the “Permissions” link at the bottom of any Healio website page to complete the online form. Please allow 7-10 business days for a response via the online form.
You may not use the site to publish or distribute any advertising, promotional material, or solicitation to other users of the site to use any goods or services without The Wyanoke Group’s approval.
Trademarks
All trademarks appearing on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Links to Other Sites
Hyperlinks to other sites or resources that are provided solely for your convenience may be present on the site. A link to a website put in place by The Wyanoke Group or its employees is not an indicator of a business relationship with that website. The Wyanoke Group is not responsible for the availability of external sites or resources linked to the site, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Any personal information that those sites may or may not collect is not shared with The Wyanoke Group in any other manner except those outlined in our privacy policy, such as through widgets and cookies. In many instances when hyperlinks are in use, personal information of Healio users is not shared with third parties.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
Neither The Wyanoke Group nor any third-party content providers or licensors makes any warranty whatsoever, including without limitation, that the site’s operation will be uninterrupted or error-free; that defects will be corrected; that this site, including the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful components; as to the results that may be obtained from use of the content or other materials on the site; or as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, availability, suitability, quality, non-infringement or operation of any content, product or service provided on or accessible from the site.
The Wyanoke Group does not endorse or take responsibility for any products, goods or services offered by outside vendors through our services or advertised on our system.
Systems Reliability
The Wyanoke Group seeks to keep the site available twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days per week and to maintain saved articles and other content types of its registered users. However, availability may be limited and/or information may be lost due to technical failures, acts of God or routine maintenance. The Wyanoke Group shall not be liable for lost information or non-availability of the services.
Medical Disclaimers
The information contained in the products and services on this site should not be considered complete. It is important that the services be used only as a reference tool, similar to the use of a textbook or a journal article, and that the products and services not be used as a substitute for diagnostic decision making. The user has sole responsibility for decisions regarding actual patient care. The services provided are not intended to provide the “right answer” or give definitive medical consultation. The services are a medical reference, and shall not be used as a diagnostic decision-making system and must not be used to replace or overrule a health care provider’s judgment or diagnosis.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand and agree that the products and services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. No warranty is made by The Wyanoke Group that the service will meet subscriber’s requirements or that use of the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free; nor is any warranty made by The Wyanoke Group as to the results that may be obtained from use of the service or the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the service (including third-party content) and that any defects in the service will be corrected. The Wyanoke Group and its suppliers disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether they be express, implied or statutory regarding service, including any implied warranty of title, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third-party rights. The user understands and agrees that any material or data obtained through the use of the service is at the subscriber’s own discretion and risk and that the user will be solely responsible for any resulting damage to subscriber’s computer system or loss of data.
Limitation of Liability
You understand and agree that The Wyanoke Group and its suppliers shall not be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any damages for lost data or lost profits arising from or relating to:
[i] use of the service by the subscriber or use of the service through user account by anyone else;
[ii] the cost of procurement of substitute data, information or services;
[iii] unauthorized access to or alteration of subscriber’s transmissions or data; or
[iv] any other matter relating to service. The Wyanoke Group’s total cumulative liability to user and anyone who uses the service through subscriber’s account, for any and all claims under any theory of law, will not exceed the fees paid for the service.
License
The Wyanoke Group has a License for its websites available for institutional customer’s review. If you are interested in receiving it, please contact The Wyanoke Group at 856-848-1000 or by email at customerservice@wyanokegroup.com.