https://www.anxiety-treatment.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home About UsAbout Us Staff
SpecialtiesCognitive Behavioral Therapy Anxiety Disorders Habit Disorders Behavioral Medicine Children & Adolescents Clinical Hypnosis Imago Relationship Therapy Marriage Counseling
PublicationsThe Road to Calm Workbook Affect Regulation Tool Box Clinical Pearls of Wisdom Anxiety Disorders: The Go-To Guide… Anxious in Love
EventsSpeaking Engagements Upcoming Classes Media
StoreShop Cart My account
Testimonials Blog Links Contact
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders demonstrates its commitment to our client’s privacy by providing this statement. We will do everything in our power to ensure your right to privacy. We are committed to developing long lasting relationships that are built on trust. The Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders will never violate that trust.
In the course of serving our clients, the Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders acquires, stores, and transmits client communications and information that may be regarded as private or sensitive. Clients provide some of this information – such as name, address, telephone number, and payment information.
The Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a website can store in a designated file on a user’s computer for various reasons such as is necessary to the transmission and delivery of various communications.
The Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders will protect the confidentiality of its client information, account information, and personal communications to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from clients, the Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place.
Carolyn Daitch Ph.D.
Buy Carolyn's Books
The Road to Calm Workbook: Life-Changing Tools to Stop Runaway Emotions. Emotional flooding—being overwhelmed by
feelings—happens in response to stress, anxiety, and life’s challenges. This
detailed workbook presents skills and tools on how to dial down reactivity,
practice mindfulness, and focus positively on the future. Written to conquer a
broad range of emotional challenges in easily accessibly language, this book is
intended to help readers improve the quality of their everyday lives.
Read more
Anxious in Love: How to Manage Your Anxiety, Reduce Conflict, and Reconnect with Your Partner. Anxiety doesn't only affect the person who has it, but everyone who interacts with him or her - and in a relationship, its effects can be even more damaging and profound, No matter how supportive the partner.
Read more
Anxiety
Disorders: The Go-To Guide for Clients and Therapists pulls from
a vast array of treatment modalities and lifestyle practices
to offer you a rich compendium of healing opportunities for the treatment of
anxiety disorders.
Read more
Affect Regulation Tool Box
"Using
hypnotic techniques to improve life facilitate
therapy"
Rational
judgment, soothing behavior, and calm observation often go out the window when
responding to stress. This book presents hypnotherapeutic skills (including
breathing exercises) and other easy-to-learn techniques that help people
maintain healthy responses to stress and facilitate effective clinical work and
a happier life.
Read more
Center for the Treatment of Anxiety Disorders
28592 Orchard Lake Road - Suite 301
Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334 (248) 626-8151
Privacy Policy
Go to Top
Attention:
During this time, Dr. Daitch will not be in the office.
We will continue to meet with new and existing patients on Telehealth.
+ +