http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/birth-defects
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Birth defects
Birth defects
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Birth defects affect a baby's physical or mental development. They range from minor to severe and may be caused by problems during pregnancy or genetically inherited from a parent's chromosomes. Screening tests can help assess the risk.
Birth defects
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Birth defects explained
Birth defect conditions
Birth defect risks
Birth defects screening and protection
Birth defects explained
Birth defects explained
The cause of birth defects is often unknown, speak to your GP if you are at increased risk of having a baby with a congenital anomaly...
Disease clusters
Disease clusters are rare but can cause community concern about the possible effects of exposure to environmental hazards...
Birth defect conditions
Abdominal birth defects
During fetal development, the diaphragm or abdominal wall may fail to properly fuse, allowing the abdominal organs to protrude...
Autism spectrum disorder (autism)
ASD is a complex disorder that affects a person's ability to interact with the world around them...
Central nervous system birth defects
Folic acid taken before conception, and during at least the first four weeks of pregnancy, can prevent around seven out of 10 cases of neural tube defects...
Cleft palate and cleft lip
Most cleft palates and cleft lips can be repaired so that appearance and speech develop normally...
Cri du chat syndrome
Most children born with cri du chat syndrome have moderate intellectual disability, with varying degrees of speech delay and some health problems...
Developmental dysplasia of the hip (DDH)
Around 95 per cent of babies born with developmental dysplasia of the hip can be successfully treated...
Digestive tract birth defects
Too much amniotic fluid surrounding the baby during pregnancy (polyhydramnios) may indicate the presence of defects of the digestive tract...
Down syndrome
With the support and opportunities available to them today, most people with Down syndrome are able to achieve and participate as valued members of their community...
Dwarfism
Dwarfism refers to a group of conditions characterised by shorter than normal skeletal growth...
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD)
The World Health Organization recommends that pregnant women should avoid alcohol...
Fragile X syndrome
The facts about fragile X syndrome are complicated, and parents and family members are invited to ask their doctor to refer them to a genetics clinic...
Haemophilia
All children with severe haemophilia are given preventative treatment with infusions of blood products before they have a bleed...
Heart abnormality birth defects
Some congenital heart defects are mild and cause no significant disturbance to the way the heart functions...
Kabuki syndrome
Kabuki syndrome affects males and females equally and there is no cure...
Neurofibromatosis
Neurofibromatosis is caused by faulty genes, which may be inherited or have spontaneously mutated at conception...
Noonan syndrome
Noonan syndrome is a genetic condition that usually includes heart abnormalities and characteristic facial features...
Phenylketonuria (PKU)
PKU is an inherited disorder that prevents the normal breakdown of a protein found in some foods...
Prader-Willi syndrome
A feature of Prader-Willi syndrome is the child's excessive appetite, which often leads to obesity...
Spina bifida
Folate can prevent up to 70 per cent of spina bifida cases if taken daily for one month before conception and during the first three months of pregnancy...
Syringomyelia
Syringomyelia is the growth of a cyst in the spinal cord that may result in paraplegia or quadriplegia if not treated...
Tay-Sachs disease
Tay-Sachs disease is a serious genetic disorder common in Ashkenazi Jews and French-Canadians...
Thalassaemia
Thalassaemia is an inherited blood disorder that can cause anaemia or death if not treated...
Treacher Collins syndrome
Treacher Collins syndrome is a genetic disorder that affects growth and development of the head, causing facial defects and hearing loss...
Urinary system birth defects
Common birth defects of the urinary system include hypospadias, obstructive defects of the renal pelvis and renal agenesis...
Williams syndrome
Williams syndrome often goes undiagnosed, which means that some people with the disorder fail to get the support and treatment they need until later in life...
Birth defect risks
Drugs, medication and birth defects
It can be dangerous for a pregnant woman to stop taking prescription drugs if she has a medical condition or becomes ill...
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD)
The World Health Organization recommends that pregnant women should avoid alcohol...
Rubella
Rubella is a mild illness for most people, but very dangerous for pregnant women and their babies...
Toxoplasmosis
Problems only occur if a woman becomes infected with parasites that cause toxoplasmosis for the first time while pregnant...
Birth defects screening and protection
Egg freezing
You can freeze your eggs for medical reasons or for reasons that are more to do with your life circumstances...
Folate for pregnant women
Even women who aren't planning to have a baby should increase their folate intake in case of unplanned pregnancy...
Genetic services in Victoria
Genetic services can help people who are affected by, or who are at risk of, inherited conditions or birth defects, to make informed choices about their healthcare...
Immunisation and pregnancy
Immunisation can protect a woman and her unborn baby against many infectious diseases...
Newborn bloodspot screening
Every newborn baby in Australia is offered a test for rare, but serious, medical conditions. The conditions tested for are phenylketonuria, hypothyroidism and cystic fibrosis. You can choose whether...
Pregnancy tests – chorionic villus sampling
Chorionic villus sampling (CVS) is a pregnancy test that checks the baby for some abnormalities...
Pregnancy tests - maternal serum screening
Maternal serum screening can indicate increased risk of abnormalities in the unborn child, but is not a diagnosis...
Pregnancy tests - ultrasound
Ultrasound is used during pregnancy to check the baby's development and to help pick up any abnormalities...
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Recent Activity
10 people have watched a video today
Recent Activity
10 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 23 Sep 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/birth-defects
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top