http://www.osmoz.com/static/personal-data-protection-policy
Women's fragrances
Men's fragrances
Olfactory Exploration
New fragrances
Favorite fragrances
Advanced search
Inspiration
Osmoz TV
Questions & selections
OSMOZ magazine
OSMOZ community
They inspire you
encyclopedia
History of fragrances
Raw materials
Olfactory groups
Manufacturing tecnhiques
Women's fragrances
Men's fragrances
Olfactory Exploration
New fragrances
Favorite fragrances
Advanced search
Inspiration
Osmoz TV
Questions & selections
OSMOZ magazine
OSMOZ community
They inspire you
encyclopedia
History of fragrances
Raw materials
Olfactory groups
Manufacturing tecnhiques
search
Login / Register
Forgot your password?
Sign in
Sign in with Facebook
Not register yet?
join
INTL
INTL
FR
ES
BR
US
Personal Data Protection Policy
Version dated
2012-09-06
To use the OSMOZ website (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”) and the services proposed on the Site (hereinafter, the “Services”) by Adveris, a company with a capital of 120.000,00 euros, in the “Registre du Commerce et des Societes de Nanterre,” number 510 706 997, whose headquarters are located at 130 bd Haussmann - 75008 Paris FRANCE (hereinafter “OSMOZ c/o Adveris”), “users” will need to supply OSMOZ c/o Adveris with personal data about themselves.
Registration for and use of the “Site” these Services assumes the individual’s complete and unequivocal consent to the present policy (the “Policy”).
The definitions appearing in the Conditions of Use apply throughout this “Policy”
Personal Data (“Data”) is used as per the CNIL’s definition, which is available for consultation on their site: www.cnil.fr.
1. Purpose of this “Policy”
This “Policy’s” purpose is to define Adveris' obligations, in its role as a processor of individuals’ personal data, collected and processed in the context of the use of the “Site” and “Services” under the conditions defined in the Conditions of Use.
2. Collection and use of “Data”
Automatic information processing, including management of User’s e-mail addresses, has been declared to the CNIL (n° 1600718).
· Collection
All the “Data” collected and eventually processed by us is information that you voluntarily provided to Adveris on the “Site,” notably, but not exclusively, via the Registration Form: your log-in, a valid e-mail address, your country of residence, and date of birth. If, for example, you decide to fill in a registration form or to reply to an on-line survey on the “Site,” we might ask you to provide certain elements allowing us to contact you (name, e-mail address, postal address), date of birth, what interests you about fragrance and what products you use. By replying to this on-line resgistration form, you agree to allow certain data, particularly concerning the fragrance(s) you wear, to appear on the website.
In order to protect their personal “Data,” Users who sign up on the “Site” are required to choose a log-in and password.
When you submit nominative information on the “Site,” you will be asked if you agree to the information being collected, processed and transmitted in the manner set out in this “Policy.” If you do not want nominative information about you to be collected, please abstain from providing such information to us.
The only “Data” that is collected automatically on the “Site” is your IP address IP (your computer’s identification), and nothing else. We are informing you that the “Site” reserves the right to apply an automatic tracing tool (cookie) that you can block, if you are not a registered user, by modifying the parameters in your internet navigator.
· Use
The “Data” identified as mandatory in the Registration Form is required in order to take advantage of the “Site’s” features (finding out about a fragrance, leaving a comment, posting an image, giving your opinion, describing your relationship to a scent, etc).
The “Data” that is collected automatically by the “Site” allows Adveris to obtain statistics about page consultation on the “Site”.
The “Data” can be used to compose and send you newsletters, surveys and other messages about our products and special offers. If you do not wish to receive this type of information, please unsubscribe yourself from the message service, as explained in Section 6.
We can also use the “Data” that you provide in a collective (i.e. non-nominative) way for our internal commercial needs, such as statistical analysis and creating business plans. We will not transmit the “Data” without your consent, except in the cases laid out in this “Policy.”
We can collect, preserve and accumulate certain data concerning your use of the “Site,” such as information allowing us to identify the most popular pages. We can share and/or transfer this non-nominative information to our affiliated companies, franchisees, licensors and partners.
If you agree at the time that you sign up on the “Site,” or at any other time, by providing your “Data,” we can use this “Data” to create and transmit bulletins, surveys and other messages containing this information. If you would rather not receive this type of authorized message, please do not agree to receive them. If you agree to receive this type of message and then change your mind later, consult Section 6 of the “Policy.”
The “Data” that you provide can be shared with our partners, who can use the “Data” to send you messages containing information about products, advice and special offers.
If you do not want us to share your “Data” with our partners, please do not provide personal data, or un-register yourself by following the procedure explained in Section 10, below.
When you provide your “Data” on the “Site,” you are in fact allowing us to gather use and share it in the manner explained in this “Policy.”
3. Data Recipients
· Respecting the Law
Adveris can be obliged to share “Data” if the law or any applicable ruling by judicial or governmental authorities requires us to do so. This sharing will be performed according to applicable law, and Adveris will do its best, insofar as possible, to inform the person whose Data it is prior to sharing it.
· Corporations and companies
Adveris reserves the right to sell or allow commercial use of “Data” that allows the recipient to contact a specific user insofar as you have allowed communication of your e-mail address as specified below. Adveris can, for example, authorize a company to learn about and take into account your fragrance preferences.
Even though you provide an e-mail address when you sign up, you can still refuse to receive commercial e-mails. Adveris will not communicate your e-mail address to other companies unless you specifically state your approval on the “Site,” by checking the box that says, “I agree to receive information and exclusive offers from OSMOZ’s partners.”
· Sub-contractors
Adveris can hire certain sub-contractors, such as customer-service specialists, Web hosting providers, shipping and handling and postal-services management companies, data analysts and e-mail “Service” suppliers. These sub-contractors can have access to the “Data” insofar as it is necessary for them to perform the service for which they have been contracted, but is not authorized for any other purpose.
The User is hereby informed that his or her “Data” can be transmitted to companies based in countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection according to the terms of Directive 95/46/CE. If such a case were to arise, Adveris will establish, insofar as possible, agreements aiming at ensuring an adequate level of protection, according to the contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and the CNIL.
· Special events
If, during your visits to the “Site,” you choose to participate in special offers, competitions, surveys,  questionnaires or other events, the rules or modalities of these events may stipulate that your “Data” can be shared with other parties participating in these events. By participating in these events and providing “Data” to this effect, you authorize sharing of your “Data” to the aforementioned parties for the needs of these events.
4. Data Security
The security of your “Data” is extremely important to Adveris; we will therefore implement all appropriate measures required in order to reduce the risk of loss, deterioration or misuse of data on or off line. Nevertheless, Adveris can notbe held responsible for the loss, deterioration or misuse of this data.
5. “Data” Conservation
“Data” is stocked by the “Site’s” host, as identified in the Terms of Use, and kept only for the length of time that is strictly necessary in order to achieve the goals explained above. Beyond that time, it is kept for statistical purposes only and can notbe used for any other purpose whatsoever.
Adveris is also obliged to stock “Data” allowing identification of a “User” who posts contents, in order to transmit the Data to the competent authorities as required by law, and to the exclusion of any other party, as stated in the law.
6. User’s Rights
When you sign up for the “Site” you can choose not to receive commercial messages from us. You can change your preferences at any time by modifying your profile.
In addition, you can also decide at any time to no longer receive commercial messages from us. All you need to do in that case is to click on the link that appears at the bottom of every mail you receive from us, or to send an e-mail to contact@osmoz.fr
You can consult, correct or delete your “Data,” at any time, in the following way:
If you are a registered User, you can access, correct or delete your “Data” at any time in your profile or by sending an e-mail to contact@osmoz.fr
If you are an unregistered  User, you can consult, correct and delete your data by sending an e-mail to contact@osmoz.fr
7. Cookies
Cookies are small files sent to the browser and stored in the computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not allow individuals to be identified. They do, however, record information concerning the computer’s navigation on the Site (pages visited, date and time of visit, etc.) that OSMOZ c/o Adveris can read during later visits. The computer stores an I.D. code in the cookie.
The cookie stores the I.D. code only, to the exclusion of any other personal information about the individual.
The I.D. code’s life span in the computer is one (1) year.
Using cookies facilitates management of the OSMOZ site, insofar as it allows for recognition of the User’s IP address, to make statistical studies and to measure pages’ popularity in order to offer as personalized a service as possible.
Individuals wishing to register for the Site or to join Club OSMOZ can notblock cookies from their computer, as cookies allow for the personalization of the range of services and contents accessible on the Site.
The use of cookies is very common on the web. Nevertheless, it is possible to prevent them from being installed on your hard drive by configuring your browser’s preferences not to accept cookies.
Please find below information about how to configure your browser so as to block "cookies":
For Google Chrome:
1. Click on the Wrench (Tool) icon, then “Settings” then “Advanced Settings.”
2. In the “privacy” section, click the “Content Settings” button.
3. Find the “Cookies” menu and select the options that suit you.
For Mozilla Firefox:
1. Choose the “Tools” menu, then "Options".
2. Click on the "privacy" icon.
3. Find the "cookie" menu, and select the options of our choice.
For Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0 and 8.0:
1. Choose the “Tools” menu, then "Internet Options".
2. Click on the "Confidentiality" tab.
3. Use the cursor to select the desired level of protection.
For Microsoft Internet Explorer 5:
1. Choose the "Tools" menu, then "Internet Options".
2. Click on the "Security" tab.
3. Select "Internet" then "CustomLevel",
4. Look for the "Cookies" section and choose your desired level of protection.
For Netscape 6.X and 7. X:
1. Choose the "Publication” (or “Edition") >"Preferences" menu.
2. Confidentiality and Security.
3. Cookies.
For Netscape Communicator 4.X:
1. Choose the "Modify">"Preferences" menu.
2. Click on “Advanced”.
3. Heading "Cookies".
For Opera 6.0 and above:
1. Choose the "File">"Preferences" menu.
2. Privacy.
8. Notification of changes
Adveris reserves the right to modify this “Policy” at any time. Insofar as possible, Users will be informed about these modifications via an announcement on the “Site.” Use of the “Site” after these modifications implies unconditional agreement to the modified “Policy.”
9. Links
The “Site” may contain links to or from other websites. Please note that we are not responsible for what other websites do in terms of “Data” protection. The present “Policy” applies only to the “Data” that we collect on the “Site.” We encourage you to read the “Personal Data” protection “Policy” of any other websites that the “Site” might lead you to or that you arrive at in any way whatsoever.
fragrances by brands
100BON fragances
4711 fragances
Acqua Di Parma fragances
Aerin fragances
Aesop fragances
Alexander Mc Queen fragances
Armani fragances
Arty Fragrance
fragances
ASAMA fragances
Atelier Cologne fragances
Autour du Parfum fragances
Autour du Parfum fragances
Azzedine Alaïa fragances
B comme Bougie fragances
Boucheron fragances
Buly 1803 fragances
Burberry fragances
By Kilian fragances
Cartier fragances
Chanel fragances
Chloé fragances
Cire Trudon fragances
Clean fragances
Clinique fragances
Coach fragances
D'ORSAY fragances
Dior fragances
Dolce & Gabbana fragances
Donna Karan fragances
Ducati fragances
Enrique Iglesias fragances
Estée Lauder fragances
Ex Nihilo fragances
Frédéric Malle fragances
Fresh fragances
Fresh fragances
Geoffrey Beene fragances
Gucci fragances
Hugo Boss fragances
Hummer fragances
Il Profvmo fragances
Issey Miyake fragances
James Bond fragances
Jay Z fragances
jean-paul gaultier fragances
Joop! fragances
Lancôme fragances
Les Senteurs Gourmandes fragances
Louis Vuitton fragances
Maison Violet
fragances
Marc Jacobs fragances
Mercedes-Benz fragances
MIU MIU fragances
Mizensir fragances
MORGAN DHORME PERFUMES fragances
Nicolaï fragances
NINO AMADDEO fragances
Nocibé fragances
One Direction fragances
Paco Rabanne fragances
Parfums Quartana
fragances
Philippe Starck fragances
Philosophy fragances
Playboy fragances
Porsche Design fragances
puredistance fragances
Ralph Lauren fragances
Reminiscence fragances
Repetto fragances
Room 1015 fragances
Salvatore Ferragamo fragances
Terry de Gunzburg fragances
Thierry Mugler fragances
Tom Ford fragances
Tory Burch fragances
Versace fragances
Victor & Rolf fragances
Volnay fragances
Yves Saint Laurent fragances
quick research
Fragrances for women
Fragrances for men
New perfumes
Favorite perfumes
Perfume encyclopedia
History of fragrances
Raw materials
Olfactory groups
Manufacturing tecnhiques
About Osmoz
Who are we?
Contact us
OSMOZ for professionals
They are at our side
Why and how to gain more points?
Legals
Legal notice
Terms and Conditions of rules
Personal Data
Forum Rules
Country
International website
French version
Brazilian version
UK version
US version
Spanish version
Find OSMOZ also, here :
facebook
twitter
Google+
Pinterest
OSMOZ is a social website about perfume and fragrance that allows you to share your opinions about your favorite fragrances and to check out suggestions from the world's largest community of scent lovers. OSMOZ provides a selection of fragrances, and advice to help you select your next perfume… The more you contribute to OSMOZ, the more you increase your chances of winning great gifts!
OSMOZ - Share your fragrances
Copyright © 2001-2020 | Created in Paris in 2001 OSMOZ, editing by Groupe Adveris
Les cookies nous permettent de personnaliser le contenu et les annonces et d'analyser le trafic. Nous partageons des informations sur l'utilisation du site avec nos partenaires d'analyse et de publicité.
Fermer