https://www.middlegate.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We Protect Your Online Privacy
We value to total privacy and complete discretion. We use Google Analytics to help Analyse how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ us of the webiste and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Middlegate.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
User’s Personal Information: Visitors to our website may be able to contact us via an online form. When you contact us, you will provide personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number and other relevant information. We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary, including: To fulfill your requests, to protect ourselves from liability, to comply with the terms and conditions of our internet host provider.
3rd Party Policies
Related services and offerings linked to or from this website have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Since we do not have control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend you review their policies before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with them.
Legal Template Provided by Pull Digital
24 Hour Confidential Helpline
Personal, Tailored Support & Treatment
FREE Advice Including NHS & Private Options
Trained Professional Telephone Counsellors
FREE Advice For You Or A Loved One
Get Help Today
'HELP' to 66777
Freephone: 0808 250 2196
Local:
0203 553 0661
Contact Form
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Telephone Number
How can we help?
Security Code:
Please enter code here:
close
help
Who am I contacting?
Calls and contact requests are answered by admissions at
UK Addiction Treatment Group.
We look forward to helping you take your first step.
0808 250 2196
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more