http://www.acccn.com.au/privacypolicy
Site InfoPrivacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Contact Us
ACCCN Privacy Policy
Updated January 2019
SCOPE
We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information to carry out functions or activities necessary to the operation of the ACCCN and provision of services. These functions and activities include:
Maintaining our membership database
Publishing our own newsletter and advertising events
Providing access to courses and training
Hosting events and conferences
Responding to queries from members and members of the public
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, and you should check it periodically to identify any updates.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use our best efforts to only collect the information needed for the particular function or activity we are carrying out.
The main way we collect personal information about you is when you give it to us. For example, we collect personal information such as contact details when you apply to register as a member of the ACCCN.
For most of our functions and activities we usually need your name and contact information (and sometimes other information) in order to perform the function or activity. If we do not have that information, we may not be able to perform the function or activity efficiently or effectively, or at all.
Use of our Website
We have our own public website, www.acccn.com.au, and we manage other websites which are sub-domains of this. We collect information through our website in a number of different ways.
Analytics, Cookies and Social Networking
We use Google Analytics (which is hosted by a third party) to collect data about your interaction with our website, and for the sole purpose of improving your experience when using our site. You can access more information about the operation of Google Analytics here.
We also perform analytics in respect of user behaviour and activities in relation to our products and services, including (for example) our newsletters and email communications.
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by websites for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on the website. Most browsers allow you to choose whether to accept cookies or not. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, please set your browser preferences to reject all cookies before accessing our website.
We use social networking services such as Twitter or Facebook to communicate with the public about our products and services. When you communicate with us using these services we may collect your personal information, but we only use it to help us to communicate with you and the public. The social networking service may also handle your personal information for its own purposes and in accordance with their own privacy policies. You can access the privacy policies for Twitter and Facebook on their respective websites.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies. We are not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices of any third party websites accessed via links or from our website. You must therefore read the third party’s privacy policy and satisfy yourself as to the content and appropriateness of that policy to your own needs and circumstances.
Membership, Events and Payments
We will collect information that you provide to us when signing up as a member, to mailing lists and registering for our events.
We give members’ names and email addresses to Elsevier, Inc., the publisher of Australian Critical Care (our official journal), in order to provide access to the journal which is free as part of your membership. You can access Elsevier’s privacy policy here.
We use Advanced Solutions International (ASI) to manage our database and website. You can access ASI’s privacy policy here.
We also use IVvy to manage event registrations. You can access IVvy’s privacy policy here. When registering for an event, you may be required to give IVvy personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email address.
If you apply to register as a member of the ACCCN or to register for certain courses and events, you may be required to provide financial information, including credit card number and expiration date, if you make a payment. Payment information is processed by SecurePay. You can access SecurePay’s privacy policy here.
As a member of ACCCN your details name and email are provided to Elsevier in order to receive access to the Australian Critical Care.
Direct Marketing Emails
We may collect, hold, and use your personal information to send you direct marketing communications and information about our products and services that we consider may be of interest to you. These communications may be electronic or paper-based. At any time you may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by using the “Unsubscribe” function specified in our direct marketing communications or by contacting us via admin@acccn.com.au.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the scenarios covering our use of personal information, we may also disclose personal information:
To our service providers: in such cases, we enter into a contract or MOU which requires the service provider to only use or disclose the information for the purposes of the contract or MOU, and include special privacy requirements in the contract or MOU, where necessary;
Overseas: Web traffic information is disclosed to Google Analytics when you visit our websites. Google stores information across multiple countries. When you communicate with us through a social network service such as Facebook or Twitter, the social network provider and its partners may collect and hold your personal information overseas. Some of our service providers (which we have identified in this privacy policy) may also disclose personal information overseas. The countries in which those service providers use and store personal information may be identified in their privacy policies;
As required by law: if necessary to comply with a legal requirement or rule; and
For organisational purposes: we may disclose (including prospectively) your personal information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, restructure, reorganisation, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the assets of ACCCN, whether as a going concern or as part of administration, liquidation or similar external management.
STORAGE, SECURITY AND INTEGRITY
To ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up-to-date and complete we:
use a consistent format for the recording of information;
update or add new personal information to existing records promptly; and
review our contact lists to check their accuracy and to review the quality of the personal information we hold.
We take steps to protect the security of the personal information we hold from both internal and external threats by:
assessing the risk of misuse, interference, loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure of that information; and
implementing measures to address those risks. For example, access to our database is tightly controlled and we deploy encryption and password controls within our IT environment.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Subject to verification of your identity, you can ask for access to personal information that we hold about you, and that we correct it. In both cases, we must respond within a reasonable timeframe. If we consider the information is incorrect, we will take reasonable steps to correct it. Correction of or access to your information is subject to any laws that allow or require us not to do so. If we were to refuse to correct or provide access to your information, we would provide written reasons for that refusal.
HOW TO MAKE A COMPLAINT
If you wish to complain to us about how we have handled your personal information, please do so in writing by sending an email to admin@acccn.com.au. We will then determine what action we should take to address your complaint. Your complaint will be addressed by a representative of ACCCN and we will do our best to resolve your complaint within 30 days.
CONTACT DETAILS
General enquiries and privacy complaints can be addressed to us directly:
Mail: Locked Bag 8, Surrey Hills VIC 3127
Email: admin@acccn.com.au
Telephone: 1800 357 968
You can find out more about your rights and our obligations with respect to privacy and information on making a privacy complaint from the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at:
Website: www.oaic.gov.au
Post: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Telephone: 1300 363 992 (from overseas +61 2 9284 9749)
Policy Effective Date: 30/01/2019