http://www.cafamily.org.uk/advice-and-support/our-helpline/
We've updated our use of cookies. By continuing to use our site,
you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in
our privacy
policy.
Close
Close
Helpline
As well as our online advice and information,
we run a free helpline for parents and carers who want to talk
through their issues with one of our expert advisers.
If you're thinking of getting in touch with our helpline, please
take the time to read the information on this page first so you
know how we can help.
1. Who is our helpline
for?
2. Who we can't help
3. Our helpline services
4. How our helpline can
help you
4. What our helpline
cannot do
5. Getting
prepared for your helpline call
6. Facebook,
Twitter and email queries
7. Confidentiality and
data protection
8. Getting in
touch with our helpline
9. How our helpline is
accredited
10. How we improve our
helpline
Who is our helpline for?
Our helpline is for parents and carers in any part of the UK
with a disabled child aged from birth to 25.
Your child can have any kind of disability or additional need,
and you do not need to have a diagnosis.
Who we
can't help
As we are a charity for families with disabled children,
unfortunately our helpline doesn't have the resources to help
everyone. We're unable to support:
Adults caring for adults over 25.
Young carers caring for people over 25.
Disabled adults.
Adults looking for information and advice on medical conditions
and diagnosis - unless it is relevant to a child.
Parents of disabled children or young people living outside the
UK - unless they are planning to return to or are relocating to the
UK.
In the above situations we will signpost to alternative national
helplines or websites where possible.
Our
helpline services
Advice queries - 9.30am-5pm, Monday-Friday
We understand that life with a disabled child often brings
unique challenges. Our helpline advisers can help you feel more
confident and informed about tackling them.
We can give you advice, information and support about any
concern or question you might have, including education,
benefits and finances, childcare, social care, medical information
and more. See more
below.
Family support
"listening ear" appointments
You might be struggling emotionally and looking for strategies
to help you cope. Or maybe you just need to talk to someone who
understands the extra challenges you face and who can point you in
the right direction to get the support you need for your
family.
To help, we offer 1-1 telephone appointments with a family
support adviser for parent carers looking for a listening ear,
reassurance and practical and emotional support.
Making an appointment is simple: Visit our Eventbright page, choose
the day (morning, afternoon or evening), and when you register
choose the time slot you want.
Appointments are regularly updated here and are subject to
availability.
Family Finances call-back
appointments
If you're calling to discuss your family's finances, the parent
advisers on our helpline can provide initial advice on the benefits you
may be entitled to. They will assess your situation and may
offer you a telephone call-back appointment with our specialist
family finance team.
A call back appointment might be offered where you have doubts
about the accuracy of an online benefit calculation; where you need
advice on challenging a benefits decision; or if you are dealing
with a change in your family, including:
A child is going into hospital long term or into residential
accommodation.
The effect on entitlements after separation from a spouse or
partner or a new partner joining the household.
Where you need to know the impact a change in your employment
status or earnings will have on benefit entitlement.
Families with a child aged 16-19 who could claim benefits in
their own right as an adult for the first time.
How our helpline can help
you
We understand that life with a disabled child often brings
unique challenges. Our helpline advisers can help you feel more
confident and informed about tackling them.
We can give you advice, information and support about any
concern or question you might have, including:
Getting a diagnosis and medical information
We can talk through how to get a diagnosis for your child. We
also have reliable and trusted information on hundreds of
conditions, including rare conditions. If you'd like us to, we'll
put you in touch with national and local condition support groups
and introduce you to our online community, where you can chat with
families across the UK affected by the same condition.
Services your family might be entitled to
We'll help you to understand how to ask the local authority for
practical help and support for your family. This includes making
requests for needs assessments and accessing short breaks.
Benefits and sources of financial help
We will help you to find out what benefits you might be entitled
to and identify other potential sources of financial help.
Our website contains information on all of the main benefits for
disabled children and their parents. You can use our Common Questions
Tool to help you find the answers to the most frequently asked
questions about benefits for disabled children and their carers.
You can also use our website to access the Turn2us benefits
calculator or search for a local benefits
adviser.
The parent advisers on our helpline can also provide initial
advice on the benefits you may be entitled to. They will assess
your situation and may offer you a telephone call-back
appointment with our specialist family finance team.
Support in the early years
We have access to a range of resources that can help, including
information on behaviour, sleep and toileting. We can also help you
to understand about your rights to free childcare and how to find
childcare places in your area.
Special educational needs
Our advisers can explain how special educational needs (SEN) are
identified and assessed in England, and what to do if you're not
happy about the support your child is getting. If you live in
Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland, we may provide information and
signpost you to alternative sources of advice in those nations
where appropriate.
Our education advisers can help:
If your child is struggling at nursery, school or college and
you are not sure how to get the help and support your child
needs.
If you need help about transport to school or college.
If your child has health needs that affect their education or
attendance at school.
If your child with SEND has other difficulties in education,
including exclusion, bullying or discrimination.
We can also put you in touch with local sources of help and
advice.
What our helpline cannot
do
As a national UK-wide service, the helpline cannot help with the
following:
Providing legal advice.
Providing medical advice about treatments or second
opinions.
Casework or representation at meetings and tribunals.
Filling in forms, checking paperwork or writing letters on your
behalf.
Attending meetings at the school or with the local
authority.
Providing funds or grants for items or holidays.
Getting prepared
for your helpline call
Demand for our helpline is high, so you may have to wait to
speak to a parent adviser.
The busiest times of the day tend to be between 10am and
11.30am, lunchtime between 1pm and 2pm and between 4pm and 5pm.
It's helpful to prepare for your call:
Try to organise a quiet place where you can talk if
possible.
Have a pen and paper to hand and any documents you wish to
discuss.
As your call may take up to 30 minutes, please set aside some
time.
During the call you will share and we will ask you for personal
information about you and your child. You can find out more about
how we use the information we collect in our
privacy policy.
As a result of your call, we may book you a call back
appointment with one of our family finance advisers, or provide you
with some follow up advice and information by email or post with
your consent.
Your call is confidential - see our confidentiality procedure
below.
Facebook, Twitter
and email queries
If you're contacting us through Facebook, Twitter or email,
where possible please provide information such as the age of your
child and the area you live in. This will help us to advise you
better.
If your enquiry is particularly urgent, we recommend that you
call our helpline.
If you email the helpline for the first time or contact us on
Facebook or Twitter with just your phone number, we cannot call you
back. Please keep trying to call our free helpline or contact us
directly on Facebook or Twitter, including details of your
enquiry.
Confidentiality and
data protection
Our helpline is confidential. This means we will not share your
personal details with anyone outside of Contact without your
permission.
There are a few exceptional situations where we may have to breach
confidentiality and pass on your details without your
consent.
Situations where we might need to break confidentiality:
A child is at risk of harm.
A vulnerable adult is at risk of harm.
A terrorist threat has been made.
We have been ordered to share information with the courts.
A person poses a serious risk to others.
A person is threatening or abusing staff or preventing the
helpline service from being delivered to others.
If a decision is made to break confidentiality, we will make
reasonable effort to keep your informed of what we intend to
do.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Whenever you share
personal data with us we aim to be clear with you, and not to do
anything with your data that you wouldn't reasonably expect us to
do.
We will never sell your personal data to other organisations and
will only ever share it in appropriate, legal or exceptional
circumstances. View our privacy policy.
Getting in touch with
our helpline
Freephone
0808 808 3555
9.30am-5pm, Monday-Friday, free from UK landlines and UK
mobiles.
Every Tuesday the helpline opens at the slightly later time of
10:15am due to a team meeting.
Press 1, to speak to an education adviser, press 2 for all other
helpline enquires.
Access to interpreters from Language Line Solutions.
Facebook
facebook.com/contactfamilies
(Response within two working days)
Twitter
@contactfamilies
(Response within two working days)
Email
helpline@contact.org.uk
(Response within 10 working days)
Live Chat
Our Live Chat can help you find the information and advice
you're looking for on our website. Live Chat is not an emotional
support service.
If a helpline parent adviser is available for Live Chat, the
speech bubble at the bottom right of your screen will appear in
blue. Click it to start Live Chat. The speech bubble will be greyed
out when Live Chat is unavailable.
If you do not get a response having clicked on the speech
bubble, please do try again. If Live Chat is unavailable, please
email us.
How our helpline is
accredited
We are a member of the Helplines Partnership, and
our helpline is accredited to their quality standard.
Our last assessment took place in September 2019, and our
current accreditation runs until 2022.
Visit the Helplines
Partnership website to find out more.
How we improve our
helpline
Helpline surveys
Twice a year we conduct a survey on our helpline and online
services, including our website and social media pages.
In our survey of September 2020, of around 240 respondents:
99% of helpline users said they were satisfied or very
satisfied with the service.
94% of those who received our newsletters said they were
satisfied or very satisfied with the service.
95% of readers of
our parent guides and factsheets were satisfied or very
satisfied.
92% of our website users said they were satisfied or very
satisfied with the service.
97% of our social media users said they were satisfied or very
satisfied with the service.
Find out how to make a
compliment or complaint about any of our services.
Evaluation of our helpline's family finance advice
In Autumn 2018 we carried out an
independent evaluation of our welfare rights branch of our
helpline.
Read
the report of the independent evaluation of the Contact helpline's
welfare rights project, covering the period June 2016 to June
2018. This project was funded by the Big Lottery.
Subscribe to our podcast
The Helpful podcast
Our downloadable resources
Resource library
Ways to support our work
Fundraising events
How we support professionals
Advice for professionals
twitterfacebook