http://www.sharp.com/patient-rights-privacy/nondiscrimination-accessibility-notice.cfm
Patient Rights and Privacy
Home
Patient Rights and Privacy
Notice of Nondiscrimination and Accessibility
Notice of Nondiscrimination and AccessibilitySharp HealthCare complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex. Sharp HealthCare does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
Our language interpreter services
plus
At Sharp HealthCare, we:
Provide free aids and services to people with disabilities to communicate effectively with us, such as:
-Qualified sign language interpreters
-Written information in other formats (large print, audio, accessible electronic formats, other formats)
Provide free language services to people whose primary language is not English, such as:
-Qualified interpreters
-Information written in other languages
Learn about our
language interpreter services and
services for patients of Sharp Rees-Stealy Medical Group.
How to file a grievance
plus
If you believe that Sharp HealthCare has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex, you can file a grievance with the appropriate civil rights coordinator. You can file a grievance in person or by mail, fax or email. If you need help filing a grievance, our civil rights coordinators are available to help you.
You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available
online, or by mail or phone at:
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
200 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 509F, HHH Building
Washington, DC 20201
1-800-368-1019,
1-800-537-7697 (TDD)
Access Health and Human Services complaint forms.
For Sharp Rees-Stealy patients
plus
If you are a Sharp Rees-Stealy patient and believe that Sharp Rees-Stealy has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age disability or sex, you can file a grievance with:
Sharp Rees-Stealy Civil Rights/Compliance Coordinator
5651 Copley Drive
San Diego, CA 92111
Fax: 858-262-6787
You can file a grievance by mail or fax. If you need help filing a grievance, please call our civil rights/compliance coordinator at
858-262-6334. If you prefer to file a grievance in person or to receive help in person, please contact the patient liaison located at your doctor's office.
Language services
plus
If English is not your first language, we're happy to assist you in your native language. Give us a call at
1-800-82-SHARP (1-800-827-4277), Monday through Friday, 7 am to 7 pm.
Download our PDF to view this statement in other languages.
Contact us
plus
If you have questions about any of the above or wish to contact us, please
send us an email or give us a call at
1-800-82-SHARP (1-800-827-4277), Monday through Friday, 7 am to 7 pm.
You can also reach us at:
Sharp Corporate Office
8695 Spectrum Center Blvd.
San Diego, CA 92123
We'll help find the doctor who's right for you.
View
doctors specializing in primary care in San Diego.
Find a primary care doctor
Dr. Abisola Olulade
"The Sharp Experience means taking pride in every aspect of patient care."
Dr. Stephen Reitman
"I have been in practice since 1974."
Dr. Patricia Kettlehake
"I want to be able to make a difference in someone's life, even if it is small."
Dr. Gary McFeeters
"I have been in practice since 1980."
Dr. M. Michelle Hamidi
"I practice with an emphasis on prevention."
Dr. Amro Mahmoud
"The Sharp Experience means providing a new standard of care that exceeds the expectations of every patient by treating them with the utmost care, compassion and respect."
Dr. Bethani Ann Bernaba
"The Sharp Experience means treating one another with respect, dignity and most importantly, compassion."
Dr. Vivek Nazareth
"I am grateful to practice medicine for the opportunity to do what I truly love."
Dr. Patricio Guaiquil
"The Sharp Experience means the opportunity to deliver patient-centered care in an environment that fosters collaboration and utilizes the advantages of modern technology."
Dr. Jason Spring
"The Sharp Experience represents meaningful patient care."
Dr. Howard Wynne
"The Sharp Experience is providing the right care at the right time in a manner in which the patient feels like family."
Dr. Donald Tecca
"My goal is to provide comprehensive, compassionate care."
Sign in
Sign In
All Categories
Advanced Care Life Support (ACLS)
Bariatric surgery
Basic Life Support (BLS)
Bereavement
Breast cancer
Cancer
Cancer support groups
Cardiac Training Center
Childbirth preparation
Chronic disease management
City of San Diego employees
City of San Diego health & wellness workshops
Congestive heart failure
Continuing education
Covered California
CPR and first aid
Embarazo y parto
En español
Financial and health care planning
Health screenings
Heart
Integrative and complementary medicine
Medicare
Men's health
Mental health
Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP)
Newborn and baby care
Nutrition
Online education programs
Orthopedics
Pain management
Parenting and child development
Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)
Pregnancy and childbirth
Prenatal hospital tours
Seniors and aging
Sharp Chula Vista employees
Sharp Coronado employees
Sharp employee education
Sharp employee online education
Sharp Grossmont employees
Sharp Metro employees
Sharp-Rees Stealy employees
Smoking cessation
Stress management
Stroke
Weight management
Wellness
Women's care
View category descriptions
Contact Sharp HealthCare
Call us
1-800-827-4277
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
Email us
Please do not use this form to convey personal or medical information.
I need help with
General/other
Billing
Careers
Classes
Hospital care
FollowMyHealth
Sharp HealthCare number or account number
How would you like to be contacted?
Email
Phone
Choose a hospital
Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center
Sharp Coronado Hospital
Sharp Grossmont Hospital
Sharp Mary Birch
Sharp McDonald Center
Sharp Memorial Hospital
Sharp Mesa Vista Hospital
First name
Last name
Date of birth
Month
Day
Year
Street address
ZIP code
Email
Phone
Optional
May we leave a message at this number?
Message
Please check the box proving that you are not a robot.
Find other numbers
View our phone directory
What's This?
These important numbers are located on your billing statement.
Find your SharpCare account number
What's GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) governs the processing of personal information gathered from individuals while they are in the European Union (EU) and parts of the EEA (European Economic Area, which currently includes Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway).
We are sorry, but we are unable to process your price estimate if you live or are travelling within the EU or affiliated nations.
What's This?
Many surgery and procedure names sound similar. If possible, please provide the current procedure terminology (CPT) code, which can be found on the order from your doctor.
If you cannot provide the CPT code, please contact your doctor's office for the CPT or a detailed description of services.