https://www.pharmchek.com/terms-and-conditions
Contact Us / Request A Quote
Products
PharmChek® Sweat Patch
PharmChek® Overlay
PharmChek® Analysis Panels
Resources
How The Sweat Patch Works
Understanding Results
News & Updates
Research Articles
Court Cases
Technical / FAQ
Sweat Patch vs Urine Test
Training Modules
Construction
Storage
Wear Time
Application
Removal
Shipping
Lab Screening / Confirmation
Online Certification
Customer Toolbox
Pay Your Bill
Please read this document carefully before accessing or using this website. By accessing or using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use this website. PharmChem, Inc. may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting. You agree to review the agreement periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued access or use of the site shall be deemed you conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement.
You understand that, except for information, products, or services clearly identified as being supplied by PharmChem, Inc, pharmchek.com does not operate, control, or endorse any information, products or services on the internet in any way.
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this site and the internet. Pharmchek.com provides the site and related information, “as is” and does not make any express or implied warranties, representation, or endorsements whatsoever, (including without limitation warranties of merchant-ability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the service, any merchandise information or service provided through the service or on the internet, generally, and pharmchek.com and related domains shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly for any such transaction. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise, and other information provided through this site or on the internet. PharmChem, Inc and pharmchek.com does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects in the service will be corrected.
You understand further that the pure nature of the internet contains un-edited materials, some of which may be sexually explicit or offensive to you. your access to such materials is at your own risk. Pharmchek.com has no control over, nor accepts responsibility whatsoever for such materials.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event with pharmchek.com be liable for (i) any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages, including, but not limited to, (damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the service, or any information, or transactions provided on the service, or downloaded from the service, or any delay of such information or service. Even if pharmchek.com, or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the service and/or materials or information downloaded through the service. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, pharmchek.com liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
PharmChem, Inc. and pharmchek.com make no representations whatsoever about any other web site which you may access through this one or which may link to this Site. When you access a non-pharmchek.com web site, please understand that it is independent from pharmchek.com, and that pharmchek.com has no control over the content on that web site. In addition, a link to a pharmchek.com website does not mean that pharmchek.com endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such web site.
PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?We collect personal information from you (name, phone number, email, address) when you do one of the following:
Take our online certification examComplete the contact us/request a quote formWhile we take online payments, no personal information is taken directly on our site. We us the secure payment form provided by authorize.net to process all payments.
What do we use your information for?We only use the information we collect to identify who you are in order to contact you back after you have submitted one of our forms.
Do we use cookies?We do not currently use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conduction of our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when we believe it necessary to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights.
Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy PolicyAny changes to our privacy policy will be posted to this page.
PharmChek® Sweat Patch vs Urine Test
The PharmChek® Drugs of Abuse Detection Patch is an economical alternative and provides distinct advantages over urine testing.
Learn More