http://www.chect.org.uk/get-involved/other-ways-to-help/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Ways to help
Supporting the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust
There are lots of different ways to support us, from organising an event, to getting your company involved in fundraising, to shopping! We’ve listed some ideas below. If you have any questions, please get in touch, we’re here to help. Call us on 020 7377 5578 or email Diane, our Fundraising Manager, at diane.emery@chect.org.uk. However you choose to support us, thank you – we are extremely grateful.
If you’d like to find out more about fundraising for CHECT, or you are planning on organising your own event, our fundraising pack is full of tips and ideas to help. Request yours today!
Request a fundraising pack
Make a donation
Making a donation is a really simple and effective way to support us. Any gift, no matter how large or small, will play an important part in helping families affected by retinoblastoma. It’s quick and easy to donate and you can do so online, by text, bank transfer or post. Please have a look at our donation page to find out more.
Organise an event
Whether you’re fundraising at home, work, or at your school or club, there are so many fun ways to get involved. Crazy Glasses Day is a fun and simple event to organise. Other ideas include: coffee mornings, bake sales, quizzes, raffles, sponsored “give it up” days, and fancy dress days. For more ideas and inspiration, please request our free fundraising pack.
Take on a challenge
Running, trekking, cycling, skydiving – whatever takes your fancy, we can help you find the perfect challenge. Please visit our challenge events page for more information and to sign up to your dream event.
Company support
Our corporate partners play an invaluable role in helping us to carry out our vital work and we are incredibly grateful. If your company is interested in supporting us, or you’re an employee looking for ways to encourage your colleagues to fundraise, please visit our company support page for more information.
Co-op Local Community Fund
If you are a Co-op members, or are thinking of signing up – you can now choose us as your charity. However you must sign up through www.chect.org.uk/coop. We will receive donations until October 2020, so please help us start raising funds.
Amazon Smile
Do you shop on Amazon? If so, have you heard of Amazon Smile? By using this service, a % of your purchase is donated to the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust every time you shop, at no extra cost to you! Visit the Amazon Smile site to find out more and sign up.
Give as you Live
Give as you Live is a shopping and price comparison website which donates a percentage of every purchase you make to charity, without it costing you any extra. You can shop for things like clothes, groceries, insurance and holidays from thousands of well known retailers including Amazon, John Lewis and Sainsbury’s. Register on the Give as you Live website.
CHECT lottery
For just £1 a week you can be in the CHECT lottery draw and win up to £25,000! Plus, for every £1 you spend, 50p will go directly to CHECT. The lottery is run via Unity. When you sign up, you’ll be given a six-digit lottery number, which will remain yours for as long as you keep playing. You can pay for as many numbers as you like. The winners are selected at random every Friday and prize cheques issued and posted directly to you.
For a six number match the prize will be £25,000, five numbers £1,000, four numbers £25, and every time you match three numbers you will automatically be entered for five prize entries into the following weekend’s draw. To find out more and sign up to the lottery, please visit the Unity Lottery website.
Please note: you must be 16 or over to enter.
A minimum of 50% of the total lottery proceeds are spent on supporting the work carried out by CHECT, 18.4% on prizes and 31.6% on the running cost and administration of the lottery.
The likelihood of an individual winning a prize is 1 in 63.  This information, along with a detailed breakdown of the odds can be found, here.
For more information about how winners are selected, please click here.
Request a fundraising pack
Your Name
Email Address
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept