https://www.astmjs.org/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer Skip to footer navigation1. INTRODUCTION
American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons is a United States company subject to the laws of the United States. This website was not created to serve, nor does it actively market to residents of the EU (European Union) or the United Kingdom.
This Policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose information in the United States. The United States may not offer a level of privacy protection as great as that offered in other jurisdictions. We make no representation that the practices described in this policy are compliant with laws outside of the United States that apply to the collection, security, use, and disclosure of information.
When accessing our website, American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons (www.new.astmjs.org) will learn certain information about you during your visit.
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site (www.new.astmjs.org), including any information you may provide through our site when you purchase a product or service, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a giveaway or competition.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 18 years of age.
American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact
Full name of legal entity: American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons
Mailing address: 4407 Wilshire Blvd., #302
Mound, MN 55364
Email address: astmjs2@aol.com
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at astmjs2@aol.com.
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data.
We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows:
Identity Data may include your first name, maiden name, last name, username, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data may include your username and password, purchases or orders, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site. If we link the Aggregated Data with your personal data so that you can be identified from it, then it is treated as personal data.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by mail, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:
order our products or services;
create an account on our site;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request resources or marketing be sent to you;
enter a competition, giveaway, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies. Please see our cookie policy at www.new.astmjs.org/cookie for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources: We may receive data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
none
Technical Data from the following parties:
none
Social Media platforms such as Facebook/Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google + [Additional Social Media]
Link to Facebook Privacy Policy
Link to Instagram Privacy Policy
Link to Twitter Privacy Policy
Link to Pinterest Privacy Policy
Link to LinkedIn Privacy Policy
Link to YouTube Privacy Policy
Link to Google + Privacy Policy
Analytics providers such as Google.
Advertising networks such as Adsense and Amazon ads; and
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as PayPal.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any email or by emailing us at astmjs2@aol.com.
Purposes for processing your personal data
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please email us at astmjs2@aol.com if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
PURPOSE: To register you as a new customer
TYPE OF DATA: Identity and Contact
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: Performance of a contract with you
PURPOSE: To manage our relationship with you which will include: 1. Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy, 2. Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
TYPE OF DATA: Identity, Contact, Profile, Marketing and Communications
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: Performance of a contract with you 1. Necessary to comply with a legal obligation, 2, Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services
PURPOSE: To process and deliver your order including: 1. Manage payments, fees and charges, 2. Collect and recover money owed to us
TYPE OF DATA: Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Marketing and Communications
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: 1. Performance of a contract with you, 2. Necessary for our legitimate interests to collect fees and/or recover debts owed to us
PURPOSE: To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
TYPE OF DATA: Technical, Usage
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
PURPOSE: To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
TYPE OF DATA: Identity, Contact, Technical
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: 1. Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise, 2. Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
PURPOSE: To enable you to partake in a giveaway, competition or complete a survey
TYPE OF DATA: Identity, Contact, Profile, Usage, Marketing and Communications
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: 1. Performance of a contract with you, 2. Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
PURPOSE: To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising
TYPE OF DATA: Identity, Contact, Profile, Usage, Marketing and Communications, Technical
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: 1. Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy. 2. Necessary for our legitimate interests to offer related services and solutions for a fee that will compensate for the amount of work we put into providing free information
PURPOSE: To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
TYPE OF DATA: Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, Profile
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING: Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
Marketing communications
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have:
requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
if you provided us with your details and given consent at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications; and
in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by emailing us at astmjs2@aol.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to find out more about how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email us at astmjs2@aol.com.
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We do not transfer your personal data outside the United States.
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we may have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for 7 years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you may have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These may include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://www.ftc.gov
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at astmjs2@aol.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
We may disclose personal information to the following types of third parties for the purposes described in this policy:
(1) Service Providers. Sometimes, we share your information with our third party Service Providers, who help us provide and support our Services. For example, if it is necessary to provide you something you have requested (like enable a feature such as Social Profiles), then we may share your and/or your Subscribers’ Personal Information with a Service Provider for that purpose. Just like with the other third parties we work with, these third party Service Providers enter into a contract that requires them to use your Personal Information only for the provision of services to us and in a manner that is consistent with this policy. Examples of Service Providers include payment processors, hosting services and content delivery services.
(2) Advertising partners. We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share Personal Information with them for this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
11. COOKIES
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
This site may also use Facebook tracking pixels to monitor consumer activity and interest so we can serve you better. To learn more, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Users may give or refuse consent to cookies upon first visit to our website. The decision expires after 1 month, after which time you will be asked to decide again at your next visit.
For more information about the cookies we use, please see www.new.astmjs.org/cookie
12. ANONYMOUS DATA FROM GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google, and other third party vendors, use cookies to serve ads on Blogging Successfully. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We are committed to ensuring that our website contains content that is valuable and useful to our readers. To help us with this we have implemented the Google analytics demographics and interest reporting features on our website. These tools allow us to review anonymous data regarding the gender, age and interests of website visitors and adapt our website content to better reflect their needs.
Although this information is collected through your Google ad settings, it is not provided to us in a personally-identifiable format. This means we cannot identify what information is about you, and we will not try to figure it out.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Google Ad settings [https://www.google.ca/settings/ads ] or through the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/].
13. EMAIL POLICIES
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site.
We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal information to any third party individual, government agency, or company at any time unless strictly compelled to do so by law.
We will use your e-mail address solely to provide timely information from and about American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons (www.new.astmjs.org).
We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable laws.
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website will be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email.
American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mail sent from our organization will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners by reading the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us at any time.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail.
14. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the content contain on this website or any sites linked to this site.
All the materials on this site are provided ‘as is’ without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, noninfringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons or its agents or associates be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, injury or death) arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials, even if American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.
15. POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. However, please be assured that if the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this privacy policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this privacy policy, without your prior consent.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
SEE ALSO
Our Terms and Conditions new.astmjs.org/toc
Our Cookie Policy new.astmjs.org/cookie
Our Disclosure Policy new.astmjs.org/privacy
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact
Full name of legal entity: American Society of Temporomandibular Joint Surgeons
Mailing address: 4407 Wilshire Blvd., #302
Mound, MN 55364
Email address: astmjs2@aol.com
FooterContact Us
American Society of TMJ Surgeons
4407 Wilshire Blvd., #302
Mound, MN 55364
952-472-4762
952-472-1638 Fax
Search this website
Members
American Society of TMJ Surgeons Membership 2020
Active Affiliate Associate Membership Renewal
International Membership Dues Renewal
Annual Dues
Board and Committee Lists
Annual Meeting Minutes
Bylaws
Publications/Links
Resource Committee Articles
Resources
Member Roster Geographically
TMD General Information
Surgical Management of TMJ Disorders
Affiliated societies
Publications/Links
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok