https://www.nbp.org/ic/nbp/about/aboutus/privacypolicy.html
About
About Us
Mission & History
Get Involved
NBP News & Reports
NBP Staff
Board of Trustees
Careers at NBP
Financials
Tour Our Facility
Blog: Inside NBP
About Braille
Privacy Policy & Website Security
NBP respects the privacy of our customers and donors; we are committed to keep it secure.
Cookie Policy
Our website uses technologies such as "cookies" and "pixel tags" to improve the functioning of our website and your experience.
Cookies are small files that a website sends to visitors' computers that remember information such as a signed-in state and items added to a shopping cart. For example, we use cookies for users who have created an NBP shopping account.
"Pixel tags" are tiny graphical images embedded in emails or webpages. Pixel tags are used to determine what parts of a website a visitor has viewed, or whether an email was successfully opened.
To operate online shopping activities effectively, NBP's Bookstore uses session cookies. If you have signed in to your shopping account, these session cookies are cleared when you sign out. Our shopping sites use persistent cookies to support your shopping activities across different user sessions. If you have created your shopping account, then your name, contact information, and purchase activities can be tracked. We use credit card information provided by you only for your purchasing transactions. We utilize appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your credit card information.
Our website automatically logs information such as IP address and browser type of all visitors for measuring the usage of our website. We use this information to analyze how visitors use our website, which helps us modify the site and improve our visitors' experiences.
NBP works with trusted third-party analytics and marketing partners who use technologies such as cookies and pixel tags on our behalf.
We may provide third parties with collective profiles of our user groups and their activities and preferences. Such collective profiles may also be disclosed in describing our site and services to prospective partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
Disabling Cookies:
You may choose to set your browser so that it does not accept cookies. Most areas of the NBP websites will function without cookies, but cookies are required if you wish to sign in, fill out a form, or place items in your shopping cart. For an optimal experience with our site, we recommend that you allow cookies.
Privacy Policy & Website Security
National Braille Press knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. We are committed to respecting the privacy of our customers/donors whether the donation or purchase is made online, by mail, or any other method.
We protect your information in a variety of ways, as described below.
National Braille Press does not sell, share or exchange our donor/customer personally identifiable information with any other entity. No unauthorized parties will be allowed access to your personal information and we will not make your information available to anyone outside our organization, unless required to do so by law.
NBP is dedicated to preventing unauthorized data access, maintaining data accuracy, and ensuring the appropriate use of information. We strive to put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to secure the information we collect online.
NBP uses industry standard safeguards to protect your information. To accept contributions and payments for goods and services via credit card, we use an accredited online payment processing services with world-class security and data privacy policies to process all online and credit card donations. Unless requested by the donor for the purpose of processing recurring donations, National Braille Press does not store credit card information, bank account numbers, or other account data sent to those processing services.
We collect personal information from visitors to our website when it is voluntarily provided. We maintain the information to perform the internal operations of our website or services such as e-commerce, online product support programs, and communication transactions.
NBP does not knowingly collect information from children through our online services. However, if we are aware that a child under the age of 13 has emailed us a specific request, we will delete the child's online contact information after the request is responded.
Email Subscription Lists
If you subscribe to the NBP Newsletter Email List or to our Bookstore Email List, we retain your email address. For some of our email lists, we may use third-party services. NBP will use your email address only for the intended purpose.
The information you provide will be used to deliver services and keep you informed and up to date on the activities of National Braille Press, including programs, services, special events, funding needs, opportunities to give or volunteer, or other periodic contacts.
If you or request that we mail you a catalog or other promotional materials, NBP will store your mailing address for future mailings.
If at any time you wish to be removed from any of these contacts, please contact us by phone at 617-266-6160 or email us at info@nbp.org and we will gladly accommodate your request.
Disclaimer for External Links
NBP is not responsible for the content, cookie policies or privacy policies of non-NBP websites linked from our website or from our social media.
As our website grows, it may be necessary for us to change our privacy policy to reflect new online activities and programs. Any changes will be posted here. To keep informed about our information practices, please check this page periodically.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please email webmaster@nbp.org.
National Braille Press supports the Donor Bill of Rights
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization's mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization's governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization's most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Sign up for our newsletter