https://www.cuimc.columbia.edu/terms-and-conditions-use
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions of Use
Please Read These Terms and Conditions of Use
These terms and conditions of use are a legal agreement (these “Terms”) between you and Columbia University Irving Medical Center (CUIMC), with offices at 630 W 168 St., New York, NY 10032 (“CUIMC” or “we,” “us,” or “our”), establishing terms and conditions under which you may access and use the services and features available on CUIMC’s website located at https://cuimc.columbia.edu as well as all other websites owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by CUIMC and certain affiliate websites that are hyperlinked to the foregoing (collectively, the “Websites”). These Terms also apply to all mobile applications offered under the CUIMC name that do not have separate terms of service or that link to these Terms (the “Apps”). Collectively, the Websites and Apps are referred to in these Terms as the “Services.”
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
By using the Services, you hereby represent and warrant that: (1) you are an individual of at least 18 years of age; (2) you have the legal power and authority to agree to, and be bound by, these Terms; and (3) if you have provided information to us in connection with your use of the Services, such information is true and accurate.
We may revise and update these Terms at any time and without notice. Your continued use of the Services will constitute your acceptance of these changes and the current version of these Terms.
The Services Do Not Provide Medical Advice
The information and content in the Services, including but not limited to text, graphics, images, videos, and other material contained in the Services, is for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for professional medical advice, help, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health-care provider with any questions you have regarding your medical care and never disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking it because of something you have read on or via the Services. Nothing contained in the Services is intended to constitute a medical diagnosis or treatment. Nothing in the Services is intended as a recommendation or endorsement of any specific test, product, procedure, opinion, or other information that may be mentioned in the Services. Reliance on any information appearing in the Services, including but not limited to information provided by CUIMC personnel or by other users of the Services, is solely at your own risk.
CUIMC does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or usefulness of the opinions, advice, content, services, or other information provided through the Services or on the Internet generally. The Services may contain health- or medical-related materials or information that you may find sexually explicit or otherwise offensive.
CUIMC and its affiliates, licensors, and suppliers have no control over and accept no responsibility for your compliance with the laws applicable to your country or state of residence.
Intellectual Property Rights and Restrictions
CUIMC hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, revocable right to use the Services for personal, non-commercial purposes only and in accordance with these Terms. You agree not to use the Services for any other purpose, including but not limited to any commercial purpose, without the prior written consent of CUIMC. For example, you may not (and may not direct or authorize any other party to) (1) co-brand any Website, App, or any portion thereof, (2) frame any Website or any portion thereof (whereby the Website will appear on the same screen with a portion of another website), or (3) link any Website to any other website. "Co-brand" means to display a name, logo, trademark, or other means of attribution or identification of any party in such a manner as is reasonably likely to give a user of the Services the impression that such party has the right to display, publish, or distribute the Services or any content accessible within the Services. You agree to cooperate with CUIMC in causing any unauthorized co-branding, framing or linking immediately to cease.
The material and content accessible within the Services and any other website or mobile application owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by CUIMC (collectively, the "Content") is the intellectual property and proprietary information of CUIMC or the party that provided the Content to CUIMC (as applicable). All title to, ownership of, and rights in and to such Consent is, and at all times shall remain, the sole and exclusive property of CUIMC and its content providers (as the case may be). Accordingly, you may not copy, distribute, republish, upload, post, transmit, or create derivative works of the Content in any way without the prior written consent of CUIMC, except that you may print out a copy of the Content solely for your personal use. In doing so, you may not remove or alter, or cause or direct to be removed or altered, any copyright, trademark, service mark, trade name, or any other proprietary notice or legend appearing on the Services or on any of the Content.
You may not use any CUIMC names or trademarks in any advertising or publicity or otherwise to indicate or imply sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, without the prior written consent of CUIMC.
The Services may contain hyperlinks, directly or by means of search results, to other websites that are not maintained by or affiliated with CUIMC. Hyperlinks to such third-party websites are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with the Services or with CUIMC. CUIMC has not reviewed any or all of such websites and is not responsible for the content of those websites. Hyperlinks are to be accessed at your own risk, and CUIMC makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of these hyperlinks or the sites hyperlinked to the Services. Further, the inclusion of any hyperlink to a third-party website does not necessarily imply endorsement by CUIMC of that website or the material or content contained therein.
Additional License Terms That Apply to The Apps
The Apps are licensed, not sold, to you. Your license to each App that you download or obtain through the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, or other mobile application storefront, portal, or provider, is subject to your prior acceptance of these Terms.
The license granted to you herein by CUIMC for the Apps is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Apps on authorized devices. For example, iOS-based Apps may be used only on devices running iOS (including but not limited to iPad and iPhone) that you own or control. This license does not allow you to use the Apps on any device that you do not own or control, and you may not distribute or make any App available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, transfer, redistribute, or sublicense the Apps and, if you sell your device to a third party, you must remove the Apps from the device before doing so. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license), decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Apps, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of CUIMC and its licensors. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages.
The terms of this license will govern any upgrades provided by CUIMC that replace and/or supplement the original Apps, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.
The license is effective until terminated by you or CUIMC. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice from CUIMC if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this license. Upon termination of the license, you shall cease all use of the Apps and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Apps.
Location data provided by the Apps is for basic navigational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed, or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property, or environmental damage.
You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Apps except as authorized by United States law. In particular, but without limitation, the Apps may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using the Apps, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use the Apps for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile, or chemical or biological weapons.
The Apps and related documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
Consent to Use Of Data
You agree that, consistent with our Privacy Policy, CUIMC may collect and use technical data and related information—including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Services. CUIMC may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you. For more information, please see our current Privacy Policy.
Communication Policy
In the event the following functionality exists on the Services, CUIMC reserves the right but is not obligated to do any or all of the following:
Record the dialogue in any public chat rooms;
Investigate any allegation that a communication does not conform to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication;
Remove any communication that in CUIMC’s sole discretion is abusive, illegal, disruptive, or otherwise fails to comply with these Terms;
Terminate your access to the Services or any area thereof upon any breach of these Terms;
Monitor, edit, or disclose any communication in the public areas; and
Edit or delete any communication posted on the Services, regardless of whether such communication violates these standards.
No Warranty
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE. CUIMC HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES. CUIMC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CUIMC DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING USE, OR THE RESULT OF USE, OF THE CONTENT ON THE SERVICES IN TERMS OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE SERVICES MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, AND CUIMC MAY MAKE CHANGES OR IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME. CUIMC MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT PROVIDED HEREIN.
BY ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DESCRIBED HEREIN.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall CUIMC or any of its directors, officers, affiliates, employees, agents, representatives, medical staff, successors, or assigns be liable to you or any other party for any punitive, special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever, however arising (including, without limitation, our negligence), including, without limitation, damages resulting from loss of use, data, sales, goodwill, or profits, whether or not we have been advised of such possibility, or under any legal or equitable theory, in tort, in contract, at equity, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with your use of the Services.
Your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the Services is to stop using the Services. All information is transmitted over a medium that is beyond the control and jurisdiction of CUIMC. Accordingly, CUIMC assumes no responsibility for, or relating to, delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Services or other sites or services accessed via the Services.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CUIMC DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES OR OBLIGATIONS WHATSOEVER RELATED TO THE USE OF THE SERVICES BY ANYONE OTHER THAN YOU.
Indemnity
You shall indemnify and hold CUIMC, its directors, officers, affiliates, employees, agents, representatives, medical staff, successors, and assigns (the "Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any breach by you of these Terms, including any use of the Services other than as expressly authorized in these Terms. You agree that the Indemnified Parties shall have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use.
General
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
These Terms can be modified by CUIMC at any time, and such modification shall be effective immediately upon posting. You agree to review these Terms periodically to be aware of such modification and your access or use of the Services shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified agreement.
Privacy
CUIMC is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. Our current Privacy Policy is available at https://cuimc.columbia.edu/privacy-policy and is incorporated by reference herein.
Any questions or comments should be directed to CUIMC Web Services.
Last updated: 01/07/2020
Back to top