http://www.lawrencegeneral.org/legal
Skip to main content
Effective November 9, no visitors are allowed for adult patients due to COVID-19 precautions. Surgical services, intensive care, end of life, labor and delivery, and pediatric patients are exceptions. Details >>
By continuing to browse, you consent to our use of cookies. To know more, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Continue
Home
Legal
Legal
Legal
This website is not designed to facilitate medical emergencies. If you think you have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
Please do not rely on electronic communications or communication through this website for immediate, urgent medical needs. The Lawrence General Hospital website is intended to provide general educational information and to help users more easily access information about health care services at Lawrence General Hospital.
Health Care Information Disclaimer
We remind visitors to www.lawrencegeneral.org, and all affiliated sites, that nothing takes the place of a personal visit with your doctor. We are pleased to provide as much medical information as possible, but if you have any questions about your health, make an appointment and discuss your questions directly with your caregiver. She or he is in the best position to make health decisions with you about what is in your best interest.
Some information on the site is written by health care providers affiliated with Lawrence General and its affiliates, and some content is provided by outside sources. The content of this website, such as graphics, images, text and all other materials, is provided for reference and educational purposes only. The content is not meant to be complete or exhaustive or to be applicable to any specific individual's medical condition. You assume full responsibility for using the information on this site, and you understand and agree that Lawrence General is not responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage resulting from its use by you or any user.
The use of programs and/or links on the Lawrence General Hospital site does not establish a doctor-patient relationship. Lawrence General Hospital offers the information on this web site for general information and educational purposes only. By choosing to use the Lawrence General Hospital web site, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this disclaimer.
Privacy
This site maintains policies concerning the use of information gathered from site visitors. For more information, please visit the Privacy Policy, via the link provided at the base of our home page.
Liability
You assume full responsibility for using the information on this site, and you understand and agree that Lawrence General Hospital and its affiliates are not responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage resulting from its use by you or any user. Lawrence General Hospital cannot and does not warrant that access to the site will be error- or virus-free and does not guarantee against unauthorized users or hackers attempting to obtain access to this website. Lawrence General Hospital does not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information from children under age 18. If you are under the age of 18, please consult a parent or guardian for help in using this website.
Copyright
All copyrightable text, graphics, design, logos, selection and arrangement of information in this website are copyrighted by Lawrence General Hospital or its partners unless otherwise noted. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Lawrence General Hospital and is protected by copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Lawrence General Hospital or its software suppliers, vendors or partners, and is protected by copyright laws.
License for Your Use of This Site
Lawrence General Hospital grants you a limited, revocable and nonexclusive license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of Lawrence General Hospital. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited or otherwise exploited for commercial purposes without the express written consent of Lawrence General Hospital. You may not utilize framing to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information contained on this site without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or other "hidden text" utilizing Lawrence General Hospital's, or any of our clinical partners, name or trademarks without our express written consent. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of this site so long as the link does not portray Lawrence General Hospital, its affiliates, its partners, or its services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and you acknowledge that your failure to do so may subject you to civil or criminal liability. You are responsible for ensuring that any materials you post to this site or a discussion area via email or otherwise do not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other personal or proprietary rights of any third party. You agree not to disrupt, modify, or interfere with this site or its associated software, hardware and servers in any way and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of this web site. You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with this site.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Lawrence General Hospital.
Accuracy & Timeliness
Although we try to keep the information on the site as accurate as possible, Lawrence General Hospital disclaims any warranty concerning its accuracy, timeliness and completeness of content, and any other warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Lawrence General Hospital also reserves the right to temporarily or permanently discontinue this website, any page or any functionality at any time and without any notice.
Use of Email Content
Transmittal of emails to this web site and web address may not be private. You grant Lawrence General Hospital and its designees the unrestricted right to use, reproduce, modify, translate, transmit and distribute any information or material you supply or communicate to the web site via such postings in any medium now in existence or hereafter developed for any purpose.
Online Physician Referral Service
The Lawrence General Hospital online physician referral service (Find a Doctor) provides the names of physicians who practice entirely or in large measure at Lawrence General Hospital. We offer these names as a service to the public and at no charge to the physicians listed.
External Links
Lawrence General Hospital may provide links to widely respected and recognized not-for-profit or other health care organizations that are not part of the Lawrence General Hospital web family or our domain. These sites provide more detailed information, which may be useful to web visitors. Organizations, companies or individuals other than Lawrence General Hospital or its affiliates manage these sites, and they are not under our control. Lawrence General Hospital is not responsible for the information or links you may find on such sites. Lawrence General Hospital provides links to these sites only as a convenience, and the presence of these links is not a Lawrence General Hospital endorsement of the sites, their contents or links. In addition, Lawrence General Hospital is not responsible for the information collection practices of non-Lawrence General sites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site, and you should read that site's policies on privacy and information collection.
Revisions
Lawrence General Hospital may make changes to the information contained on this web site or the products and services described on this web site at any time. Lawrence General Hospital makes no commitment and undertakes no obligation to update the information contained herein. Lawrence General Hospital reserves the right to make changes to our Legal and Privacy statement at any time, without notice. If any of these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision.
Accessibility
This site strives to be accessible to as many of its identified target audience as feasible within the site's financial constraints.
Advertising
This site does not accept advertising.
Questions
If you have any questions about the web site, please don't hesitate to contact us at:
Marketing & Communications Office
Lawrence General Hospital
1 General Street
Lawrence, MA 01841
info@lawrencegeneral.org