https://www.mind.uci.edu/aba-guide-offers-tips-to-help-the-cognitively-impaired-with-voting/
Search ABA
Skip to content
American Bar Association TM
American Bar Association
My ABA
Events
CLE
Shop ABA
Member Directory
Join
Log In
Log In
Shopping Cart
Join the - ABA
About Us
Membership
News
Diversity
Advocacy & Initiatives
Topics & Resources
ABA Groups
Main Menu
Diversity and Inclusion Center
Disability Rights
Hispanic Legal Rights & Resp.
Educational Pipeline
Race/Ethnicity in the Profession
Racial & Ethnic Justice
Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Women in the Profession
Elder
The Relationship Between Advance Planning, Guardianship and Elder Abuse
Women in the Law
Women in Law: A Former Rutgers Law Student Remembers Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Business & Corporate
The Evolving Employment Landscape for People With Disabilities: New Opportunities in a Time of Workplace Readjustment
JUSTICE AND SOCIETY
Racial Equity in the Justice System
Central clearinghouse of ABA-related information and resources for attorneys, the legal profession and the public on a wealth of issues addressing bias, racism and prejudice in the justice system and society.
Children & the Law
Death Penalty Representation
Disaster Response & Preparedness
Domestic & Sexual Violence
Governmental & Legislative Work
Homelessness & Poverty
Center for Human Rights
Immigration
Law and Aging
Legal Aid & Indigent Defense
Legal Assistance for Military Personnel
National Security Law
Pro Bono & Public Service
Rule of Law Initiative
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Aftermath of the Election as a Lesson for Mediators and Negotiators
Pro Bono
Lighting One Candle Provides Light for a Long Time: Pro Bono for Holocaust Survivors
Federal Government
ABA Legislative Priorities Survey Launched
Resources
Practice Forward
Practical tools and resources to support and advance the practice of law and the judicial system amid potential long-term changes due to COVID-19.
Resources
ABA 2021 Midyear Meeting
ABA Blueprint
ABA Connect
ABA Career Center
Center for Innovation
Cybersecurity Legal Task Force
Lawyer Assistance Programs
Model Rules of Professional Conduct
Employment at the ABA
ABA Journal
More
Government & Regulation
Government
Courts & Judiciary
Military & Veterans
Public Infrastructure
More
Practice Specialties
Administrative Law
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Antitrust
Business & Corporate
Corporate Compliance
Criminal Law
Cybersecurity
Environment
Ecommerce
Family
Health
Intellectual Property
International Law
Labor and Employment
Real Estate
Solo Practice
Taxation
Torts
Litigation & Trials
More
Public Interest
Access to Justice
Children's Rights
Civic Education
Civil Rights and Constitution
Pro Bono
More
Career &
Practice
Diversity & Inclusion
Ethics
General Practice
Leadership Development
Legal Education
Paralegals
Practice Management
Law Students
Professional Development
Law Students
More
Industry
Agriculture & Food
Construction
Global Initiatives
Healthcare & Pharmaceutics
Insurance & Financial Services
Media and Communications
Technology
Trade, Sports & Professional Associations
Transportation & Energy Issues
More
A
Administrative Law & Regulatory Practice
Affordable Housing & Community Development Law
Air & Space Law
Antitrust Law
B
Bar Services
Business Law
C
Civil Rights & Social Justice
Communications Law
Construction Law
Criminal Justice
D
Dispute Resolution
E
Entertainment & Sports Industries
Environment, Energy, & Resources
F
Family Law
Franchising
G
Government & Public Sector Lawyers
H
Health Law
I
Infrastructure & Regulated Industries
Intellectual Property Law
International Law
J
Judicial
L
Labor & Employment Law
Law Students
Law Practice
Legal Education & Admissions to the Bar
Legal Services
Litigation
P
Professional Responsibility
Public Contract Law
Public Education
Public Interest Law
R
Real Property, Trust & Estate Law
S
Science & Technology Law
Senior Lawyers
Solo, Small Firm & General Practice
State & Local Government Law
T
Taxation
Tort Trial & Insurance Practice
Y
Young Lawyers
Close
Search
Submit
Clear
News
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24, 2020 —The American Bar Association Commission on Law and Aging and the University of Pennsylvania’s Penn Memory Center released today a new guide for assisting voters who have cognitive impairments, Assisting Cognitively Impaired Individuals with Voting: A Quick Guide.
“Cognitive impairments fall along a wide spectrum of severity and quality,” said Charlie Sabatino, director of the ABA Commission on Law and Aging.  “The barrier to voting is often not the cognitive impairment, but our misassumptions about capacity to vote.  The real focus should be learning how to assist effectively in the voting process and understanding the legal limits of assistance.  That’s what the Quick Guide does.”
The techniques and tips in the guide are important when interacting with persons who are diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease, intellectual disability, or other brain illness or disorder such as stroke or head injury.  A diagnosis of any of these conditions does not disqualify a person from voting.  Many persons diagnosed with cognitive impairment are able to cast a ballot.  If they can indicate a desire to participate in the voting process and they can indicate a choice among available ballot selections, they should be given the opportunity to vote and, if desired, appropriate assistance in voting.
The guide provides tips on assisting people who may have cognitive impairments with voting, along with examples of how to respond to communication challenges as effectively as possible and within the limits of assistance permitted by election laws.
The population of potential voters is substantial.  According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 9.7% of adults, or 23.2 million, had a condition that limited mental or cognitive functioning in 2014.  Many of them can vote independently or with assistance.
Sabatino added, “Voting is a fundamental right in a democratic society, so ensuring that no one needlessly loses the right to vote must be a high priority.”
The guide is free on the website of the Commission on Law and Aging and here.
The ABA is the largest voluntary association of lawyers in the world. As the national voice of the legal profession, the ABA works to improve the administration of justice, promotes programs that assist lawyers and judges in their work, accredits law schools, provides continuing legal education, and works to build public understanding around the world of the importance of the rule of law. View our privacy statement online. Follow the latest ABA news at www.americanbar.org/news and on Twitter @ABANews.