https://www.anoasisofhealing.com/privacy-policy-2/
What information does anoasisofhealing.com collect from our users and how do we collect it?
Anoasisofhealing.com only contacts individuals who specifically request that we do so or that have signed up to receive our free newsletters or have purchased one of our products. Anoasisofhealing.com collects personally identifying information from our users during online registration and online purchasing. Generally, this information may include your name, e-mail address, and a phone number for registration to receive our free newsletters and name, e-mail address, phone number, postal address, and credit card information when purchasing our products. All of this information is provided to us by you.
How is this information used?
This information is used for internal marketing purposes only. Anoasisofhealing.com does NOT sell, exchange, or release any of your personal information (name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, credit data, etc.) to anyone. Your information is NEVER shared with any other third party or company outside of billing and shipping purposes.
What are cookies and how are they used?
Cookies help track a person’s “session” while online. By showing how and when visitors use this site, this measurement information can help us to continue to improve our site for your benefit. We will only use cookies to view information on your hard drive that was put there by a cookie from this site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many Internet web sites use them. Cookies are stored on your computer and not on this site. If you do not wish to receive cookies or participate in such activities, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your Internet web browser user preferences to do so, if your web browser so permits.
How is your information stored?
Your information is stored at the list server that delivers our newsletters. Your information can only be accessed by those who help manage those lists in order to deliver e-mail to those who would like to receive our newsletters and other information. We sincerely have no interest and gain no benefit in sending email to anyone who does not wish to receive it. All of the newsletters that are sent to you by us include an unsubscribe link in them. You can change your information or completely remove yourself from our newsletters automatically at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link, typically located at the bottom.
Disclaimer
This policy may be changed at any time at our discretion as necessary. Use of this Internet web site is subject to the Terms and Conditions in addition to this Disclaimer. If we should update this policy, updates to this page will be posted on our Internet web site.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on this website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. An Oasis of Healing, therefore, has no responsibility of liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, An Oasis of Healing seeks to protect the integrity of its own website and welcomes any feedback about these sites.
Children’s online privacy protection act compliance
We do not seek information from anyone under the age of 18.
Online privacy policy
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our own websites and does not apply to information collected offline.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please direct them toEmail: info@anoasisofhealing.com
You may also send a letter to:
An Oasis of Healing210 N. Center Street #102Mesa, ArizonaUSA
Please note that we are only able to correspond in English.
Would you like to speak with a caring member of our team to answer your specific questions? Call (480) 834-5414