http://www.maxmrimaging.com/patient-confidentiality-and-privacy.html
Home
Max MRI
Company Profile
Imaging Services
MRI
Careers
Commitment to Compliance
For Physicians
MRI
Online Registration
Download Referral Form
IPACS
For Patients
Patient Confidentiality
Patient Rights
Patient Responsibilities
Billling Information
For Attorneys
Services
Mobile Services
Acquisitions
Joint Venture
Locations
Encino, CA
Downey, CA
Carlsbad, CA
Del Mar, CA
Chula Vista, CA
Contact
Patient Confidentiality and Privacy
We understand that patient medical information is confidential and we are committed to protecting it in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. When we provide services to a patient, we create a record of the care and services provided. This record is necessary for us to provide the patient with quality care and to comply with certain legal requirements.
In order to ensure that we maintain the confidentiality and privacy of our patients' medical information, we have adopted the Notice of Privacy Practices below. This Notice informs our patients as to the ways in which we may use or disclose medical information, patients' rights and other obligations we have as a provider of healthcare services. To ensure that each patient has the opportunity to review our Notice of Privacy Practices, we post the Notice of Privacy Practices and provide a copy to each patient.
HIPPA NOTICE
Patient Rights
We are committed to providing its patients with the best services possible. In order to accomplish this goal, we believe that all patients should know their rights.
Go to page
Patients Responsibilities
We are committed to providing its patients with the best services possible. In order to accomplish this goal, we believe that all patients should know their responsibilities.
Go to page
Billing Information
Workers’ Compensation Cases and Personal Injury Liens Accepted
MAX MRI Imaging offers a variety of convenient and flexible methods of payment.
Go to page
We accept Cash/Check/Credit Card/ Private Insurance
For over 25 years, MAX MRI Imaging, Inc. has been providing patients, medical professionals, and personal injury and worker’s compensation attorneys with the convenience of available appointment times, state-of-the-art diagnostic equipment, quick and accurate reporting, highly trained and certified staff members and board certified radiologists. Personal injury liens, worker’s compensation liens, medicare and most major insurance accepted. Located throughout Southern California, MAX MRI continues to grow in San Diego, Orange County and L.A. County to best serve your needs.
Delivering Mobile MRI imaging services, right to your door.
Exactly when you need them.
Learn more about our Mobile Service