https://www.icaa.cc/about_us/privacypolicy.htm
International council on active aging®
What's new: Creating your blueprint for a wellness-based community.
About us
Privacy policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.icaa.cc). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1) What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2) What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3) The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4) How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to fulfill a membership or conference registration.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about upcoming webinars, ICAA Annual conference, research information,
new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
1) Change/correct any data we have about you.
2) Have us delete any data we have about you.
3) Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
4) Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way via PayPal. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only ICAA employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 604-734-4466 or via email at info@icaaa.cc.
History
Mission
Philosophy
Outreach
Founder
Management
Advisors
Services
Initiatives
icaa 100 members
About us
About us
Mission and vision
Founder
Advisors
Contact us
Press
Press
Press releases
ICAA research
ICAA events
Member profile
Media contact
Awards
Beacon awards
Membership
Membership
ICAA 100
Organization
Corporate partner
Individual
Advertise & exhibit
Advertise & exhibit
In-print
Online
In-person
Initiatives
Corporate partner
Member profile
Industry profile
Sales leads
Editorial
Specifications
Meetings & Expo
ICAA conference & Expo
Executive Summit
ICAA Forums
Virtual Summits
Webinars
Consumer information
Welcome back to fitness
Information guides
Walking center
Research
Research
Reports
White papers
Industry benchmarks
Research Review
Scientific research
Infographics
Glossary of terms
On-demand education
Virtual Summits
Webinars
Videos
Active aging/wellness
Active aging/wellness
Wellness model
Principles of Active Aging
Continuum of physical function
Business tools
Business tools
Wellness model
Business case for wellness
Principle of Active Aging
Continuum of physical function
Staff competencies
Career path
Executive think tanks
Online resources
Products & services
Facility locator
Career development center
Newsletter
Blogs
Industry news
ICAA initiatives
ICAA initiatives
Active Aging Week
Changing the Way We Age
Courses
Courses
Foundation for Wellness
Leadership in Wellness Management
Policies
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
603-1112 West Pender St,Vancouver, BC,V6E 2S1
1.866.335.9777Tel: 604.734.4466Fax: 604.708.4464