http://www.stammering.org/legal-disclaimer/website-terms-use
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Legal & Disclaimer
Website Terms of Use
This website (www.stamma.org) (the 'Site') is owned and managed by The British Stammering Association, trading as Stamma ('BSA, 'we', 'us', 'our'), a registered charity in England and Wales (1089967) and Scotland (SC038866) and have our registered address at The British Stammering Association, 15 Old Ford Road, London, E2 9PJ.
These Terms of Use (the 'Terms) together with the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy apply to the entire contents of the site and to any correspondence with you and/or any third party instructed by us. Using the site indicates that you accept these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, do not use the site.
Notification of changes to this site and/or these Terms of Use
We are continually improving our methods of communication and adding new functionality and features to this site. If and when our data practices change and/or we update these Terms of Use, we will (as soon as practicable) post the changes on this site to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently.
Your lawful use of the site
When you use the site, you must not:
in any way, breach any applicable law or regulation;
infringe the copyright, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of third parties;
in any way be abusive, obscene, unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, defamatory and/or hateful to any person;
violate the privacy of other personal rights of others; and/or
knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
Any content you upload to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. The user retains all ownership rights in the content, but agrees to grant BSA a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to use the content on the site. This includes storing, copying and making the content available to third parties.
Intellectual property rights
BSA is the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in this site and all materials published on this site. The content is protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. The content may not be copied other than for your personal and non-commercial use with all copyright or other proprietary notice retained. We may at any time revoke the licence to use content on this Site.
No reliance on information
The content of this site is provided for general information purposes only. The content does not provide you with any advice or recommendation of any kind. We endeavour to keep content updated, but we cannot guarantee that the content is accurate, complete or up to date.
Accessing the site
The site may be unavailable from time to time due to maintenance or malfunction or for other reasons outside our control and we assume no responsibility for any such malfunctions, delays or interruptions.
Limitation of Liability
We will not be liable under these Terms of Use for any loss or damage caused by us or our affiliates in circumstances where: (a) there is no breach of legal duty of care owed to you by us; (b) such loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any such breach; and (c) any increase in loss or damage results from a breach by you of these Terms of Use. Our liability shall not in any event include losses related to you such as lost data, lost profits or business interruption. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or negligence of our employees, affiliates, contractors or agents.
We will take all reasonable measures to protect this site against computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other threats. We do not, however, warrant that this Website is free from such harmful programs and we are not responsible for any  loss incurred by you due to harmful programs received from this Website or by means of files downloaded from this site. Please take all appropriate safeguards before downloading information from the Website.
Hyperlinks
We have no control over links to third-party websites found on this site and the existence of such links should not be interpreted as our endorsement of any information, product or service that is offered or reached through such websites. If you follow a link to any of these third-party websites we will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Encryption
Although the site uses encryption software in areas where online payment details are accepted, the security of information and payments transmitted via the internet cannot be guaranteed. BSA will not be liable for any loss incurred by a user who transmits information by means of e-mail or other internet links.
General terms
These Terms of Use are personal to you and you shall not assign them or any of your rights or entitlements herein to any third party without our prior written consent. BSA may terminate this site, for any or no reason, at any time with or without notice and without any liability for BSA.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, the unenforceable provision will be modified so as to render it enforceable and effective to the maximum extent possible.
Any failure of BSA to exercise or enforce any of its rights under these Terms of Use shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such rights.
Governing Law & Venue
These Terms of Use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by the laws of England.  Any dispute arising out of or in relation to these Terms of Use which cannot be solved amicably, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in England.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms of Use, please contact us at data@stamma.org
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
In this section
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Helpline Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Join us
If you, your child or someone you know stammers, then join us and create a better world for people who stammer. It's free. Become a member.
Get involvedBecome a member. Connect with others locally & online. Volunteer, donate & share your story to inspire others.Join usConnect with othersShare your story
Back to top
Need help?
Talk to us on webchat, helpline or email
Open weekdays 10am–12pm and 6pm–8pm