http://www.civista.org/privacy-policy.html
Home > Privacy Policy
We respect the right of every customer to maintain complete confidentiality while ordering medications online! And we do everything possible to fully protect the interests of our customers and visitors. We carefully collect, store and protect information about all our customers and visitors, and do not share it with anyone.
Shipments are completely confidential!
All orders are delivered confidentially. For the convenience of our customers and the preservation of our reputation, we send medications in opaque and completely sealed packages without paper boxes and without any inscriptions about the contents! We do not write about the content of orders on packages or elsewhere. It’s simply impossible to find out what’s inside the package.
Trust Pharmacy respects privacy!
Our website is also always strictly adhered to full confidentiality. This applies to filling out forms, data transmission, receipt and storage of all confidential / personal data of customers, as well as all visitors who voluntarily provide us with their personal information when placing orders for the purchase of drugs and sending e-mails through the website of Trust Pharmacy – http://civista.org.
Placing an order on this site, sending a letter through this site, discussing drugs, writing reviews or comments on the site of our online pharmacy automatically means your full consent to processing and storing of your personal information by Trust Pharmacy.
“Personal data” or “personal information” is considered any information received from a client or visitor that can be attributed to the subject of personal data, for example, such personal information can include last name, first name, gender, date of birth, address, ID number, contact information (phone number, email, etc.), financial, property, family information and any other personal data of the visitor or buyer.
Personal data / information of visitors (users, customers) are processed by our online company and our website only in order to provide services ordered by the visitor or customer for retail or wholesale, as well as the preparation and prompt delivery of drugs and any other means sold in our pharmaceutical online store.
In addition, each of our visitors and clients at any time can completely withdraw his previously given consent to the processing of his personal data (information) by our Internet company. For a quick withdrawal of the consent to the processing of personal information (data), the visitor or buyer must send us a request via email or the feedback form available on the contact page.
As soon as we receive an email from a customer or a user with the withdrawal of his consent, we will erase all personal information / data stored in our organization and on the website as soon as possible. Usually, information is deleted within 2-3 days. After deleting all the information about the client / visitor, we will not even be able to inform him about it by email since the email will also be deleted from our database.
Do you still have questions related to our privacy policy?
Send your question to support@civista.org, we will respond as quickly as possible!
News
FAQ
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shipping
Sitemap
Subscribe to the news