https://www.bcss.org/privacy-b-c-schizophrenia-society/
SupportSeeking Help (People Living with Schizophrenia)How Do I Get Help For My Loved One?Emergency ServicesSteps for Working With DelusionsA Guide for SpousesBC Mental Health Act: An IntroductionThe B.C. Mental Health Act – The Right To Be WellBC Mental Health Act: What Families Need to KnowInterview with Gerrit Clements: BC Mental Health Law for Physicians (and Families)Obtaining and Providing Mental Health Information: A Guide for Family MembersFamily Support CalendarBCSS ProgramsFamily Support GroupsStrengthening Families TogetherPartnership Education PresentationKids In Control and Teens In ControlPuppet Education PresentationYes2Me Scholarship Program CloseEducationWhat is Mental Illness?SchizophreniaPsychosisSome Common QuestionsMedicationsComplementary TreatmentsCognitive RemediationCannabisResources for PhysiciansTipping the Scales: Mental Illness and the Criminal Justice SystemSerious Mental Illness: Panel Presentations on Current Issues ClosePublic PolicyBC Mental Health Act Policy PositionsBCSS Position Statement On the Ombudsperson’s ReportInterview with Gerrit Clements: BC Mental Health Law for Physicians (and Families)A Need for Better Access to Acute Psychiatric Beds in BCCoroners Inquest RecommendationsFamily AdvocacyUlysses AgreementRCMP Mental Health Liaison OfficerCar 87 (Vancouver Police Department)Extended Leave, Community Treatment Orders and Continuity of CareMHCC Declaration of Commitment to Recovery CloseResearchBC Schizophrenia
Society Foundation Research Competition (Closes: November 30, 2020)Join A Clinical Research Study CloseMake a DifferenceBecome a BCSS Member!Stories From FamiliesThe Story of Dave SandySpencer’s StoryClaudia and Kent’s Battle with SchizophreniaCatherine & Her “Special Son”Become A SponsorGive in Your WillGive In MemoryCaroline Cook, A Dear Friend and ColleagueRemembering Kees BastiaansTributeVolunteer with BCSSFundraising EventsWills and Estate Planning SeminarsWalk or Run in the Scotiabank Charity Challenge and Fundraise for BCSSCommunity Fundraising Events Close
Your Privacy At BC Schizophrenia Society
Your privacy is important to us at the BC Schizophrenia Society. Here is some general information outlining the BCSS policy around confidentiality, privacy and collection of information.
If you have questions please contact us at 604-270-7841 or info@bcss.org
BEFORE USING OUR SITES, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to the BC Schizophrenia Society (“Company”) and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on this website and our other websites (collectively “Sites”). The Company commits to providing safe web sites for visitors of all ages and has implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The Company complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act.
There may be links from our Sites to other websites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our Sites and not to the websites of other companies or organizations to which our Sites may be linked. You must check on any linked websites for the privacy policy that applies to that organization and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that privacy policy with the operator of the linked site. Links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. The Company does not endorse, and is not responsible for, these linked websites.
Although you are not required to register to access our Sites, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of our Sites. Your use of our Sites signifies your acknowledgement and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
[This Privacy Policy was last updated November 23, 2018]
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you, a family member or loved one as an individual, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through responses to surveys, search functions, questionnaires, feedback, Tell Your Story, contact us forms and the like. On some of our Sites, we ask you to provide self-assessment information to help tailor and connect you with the most appropriate resources possible. We may also ask you to provide additional information such as your e-mail address if you want to obtain additional services, information, participate in a contest or to resolve complaints or concerns.
HOW DOES COMPANY USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our Sites may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our Sites and/or for future site development and, if you ask us to, to send you information or connect you with resources locally. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to monitor interest in our range of products/services/content and to assist us to tailor the content of our Sites to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking of patterns page views on our Sites; and, in circumstances where you have indicated that you wish to receive additional information, to send you information about us and the services we offer in your area.
PROMOTIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL OFFERS
With the permission of an online visitor, information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used only for the purposes indicated by the Company at the time of collection. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use, either by e-mail request or by modifying the registration information provided. The Company uses reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact us as described below.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The Company will not disclose personal information that you provide on its Sites to any third parties other than to a Company agent except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event/side effect, in which case the Company may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, Canadian and/or international regulatory authorities. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of Canada and may therefore be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in Canada, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in Canada.
COOKIES
The Company, in common with many web site operators, may use standard technology called “cookies” on its Sites. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular web site. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the Sites may not function properly if you do so.
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ONLINE
The Company considers the protection of children’s privacy, especially online, to be of the utmost importance. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children nor do we allow them to become registered users of, or to request information through, our Sites or help-seeking information lines.
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR CERTAIN WEBSITES
The following additional information applies to our Sites that require registration. Generally, you are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our Sites, except as may be necessary to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. However, some of our Sites are restricted to certain individuals such as health care professionals or our prescription drug patients and we may require these individuals to register upon entry by providing us with certain information.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. The Company applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
Storage of Information
Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers at Company data centres (in whatever country they may be located), or hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.
POLICY CHANGE
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our Site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using this Site or any other The Company Site or interactive banner ads, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the Site. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
Related Posts
Oct 30, 2020
About Us, News
Honouring the BC Partners for Mental Health and Substance Use Information
Did you know that BC Schizophrenia Society is part of the BC Partners for Mental Health and Substance Use Information? The group aims to improve...
Read More
Oct 15, 2020
About Us, Fraser Region, News
Farewell to Nancy Friesen
At the end of September, BC Schizophrenia Society (BCSS) saw the departure of long-time Fraser Central Regional Educator, Nancy Friesen. Through...
Read More
Read More
Need help now?Call 310-6789 (do not add 604, 778 or 250 before the number)
+ +