https://www.presbyterianseniorliving.org/online-privacy-policy
View Phone Directory
Dillsburg, PA
Online Privacy Policy
Presbyterian Senior Living Online Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our online privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Presbyterian Senior Living and our affiliate Sites consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information that is collected and recorded by Presbyterian Senior Living and our affiliate Sites and how we use it.
Log FilesLike many other Websites, Presbyterian Senior Living and our affiliate Sites make use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site—usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information inside the log files includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web BeaconsPresbyterian Senior Living and our affiliate Sites use cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Disabling CookiesMost browsers will allow you to choose which cookies may be placed on your computer. You can find instructions for managing and/or deleting cookies placed on your computer for the following Internet browsers by clicking on the links below:
Internet ExplorerMozilla Firefox SafariChrome
DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site's visitors based upon their visit to www.presbyterianseniorliving.org, our affiliate Sites, and other Sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Lucky Orange Web Analytics ServiceThis site uses the Lucky Orange analytics system to help improve usability and user experience. Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity on this website. Lucky Orange does not track this activity on any site that does not use the Lucky Orange system. You can choose to disable the Lucky Orange Service at http://www.luckyorange.com/disable.php. Note, that doing so will disable other features of the Lucky Orange system that this site employs such as 1-to-1 support chat.
Children's InformationWe believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Presbyterian Senior Living and our affiliate Sites does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that Presbyterian Senior Living and our affiliate Sites has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Additional Sources of InformationPresbyterian Senior Living obtains contact details and other personal information regarding media contacts and influencers from a variety of sources including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and used, please refer to Cision’s privacy notice.
E-Commerce and On-line DonationsThe purchasing of tickets or making donations over the internet usually requires you to provide your personal identifying information and credit card information on a website. Many people have become accustomed to on-line commerce as a time saving and useful convenience. There are a number of practices that can make providing your sensitive credit card information more secure and therefore make you feel more comfortable about using the service. We do process credit card payments for donations and services, such as the purchasing of tickets to attend our events, on our websites. These transactions are handled through a secure service for protection from fraud and abuse.
Interactions Covered by this Online Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy applies only to our online interactions and is valid for visitors to our Website and the Websites of our affiliates regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information that is collected offline or via channels other than this Website.
ConsentBy using our Website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
UpdateThis Privacy Policy was last updated on: Monday, March 30th, 2020.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our online privacy policy, those changes will be posted on this page.