https://www.coaching.care/trichotillomania/privacy-policy
about
mission
skin picking support
why do some people pull their hair out
How does trichotillomania feel? How does a BFRB feel?
trichotillomania symptoms
Body Image and Body Dysmorphia as a BFRB Symptom
trichotillomania diagnosis
trichotillomania questionnaire
BFRBs – Tracking signals from the body a little too well
Trichotillomania in Pregnancy
trichotillomania in the media
articles
help
how we can help you
trichotillomania treatment testimonials
video help
BFRB specialist help
hypnotherapy
help for males with BFRBs
Teens with BFRBs
Help to stop tongue chewing or cheek chewing
tips
regrowth
When to get help
how you can help us
Please help keep us going
volunteer
trich supporter
self help for BFRBs
Trichotillomania Tools
what helps you stop hairpulling
skin and hair care
do I need help
parents of children with BFRBS
help for health professionals
BFRB Information and Help
trichotillomania treatment testimonials
store
downloads
BFRB courses
habit reversal
Trichotillomania Tools
Quit Kit to help stop hair pulling
best for BFRB recovery
Derma-Barrier Protection BFRB Gloves
rewards for recovery
rings with instructions to stop BFRBs
BFRB bracelet
coaching plans
other items
share
introduce yourself
promote
subscribe
self-help downloads
Hair Pulling Experiences
BFRB buddy
Trichotillomania Blog
Health and Hair Pulling
Support
motivation to stop hair pulling and other BFRBs
setbacks
childhood hairpulling
teachers
parents
stop child hair pulling
Top Ten Ways to Help a Child Stop Hair Pulling or Skin Picking
teen trichotillomania
children with trichotillomania & school
male hairpulling
Supporting a friend with a BFRB
stop pulling out head hair
eyelash pulling and overplucking eyebrows
trichotillomania support groups
Trichotillomania Support Groups – Australia
BFRB buddies
holistic help for trichotillomania and BFRBs
BFRB hypnotherapy mp3s
treatment
hypnotherapy for trichotillomania and other BFRBs
trichotillomania treatment services
BFRB coaching online
courses
treatment for childhood BFRBs
CBT for trichotillomania
medication for trichotillomania
trichotillomania and tiredness
hair growth
professional advice
research
Our Research
Causes of Trichotillomania
trichotillomania questionnaire
causes of hair pulling
Rewards aid recovery
trichotillomania genetics
Trichotillomania Genes
surveys
hair pulling triggers
regrowth
trichotillomania diet
health Supplements for BFRBs and Trichotillomania
NAC
hair pulling and skin picking – a root analysis
ForumLog in
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information on who we are, whether, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information, how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
We will never release your details to third party organisations.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://trichotillomania.co.uk or https://www.coaching.care/trichotillomania.The following websites are part of the same group, with the same staff and one central database. For the purposes of this privacy policy “we” refers to all of these websites:https://trichotillomania.co.uk https//:coaching.care https://charizmatic.com
Security and Privacy Policy:
Let us know if you want us to password our emails to you.
How to protect your own privacy on our sites:
1. Select a different username from your general online username, so that people Googling you, for instance, will not come up with your posts on our site. Google’s plan for the current year involves making searches more personal, which means using content from sites you post frequently on, as well as your contacts. If your username identifies you, contact us to request a change of username.
2. Delete anything you don’t want to remain on the site. If it contains information which may help others, please copy it elsewhere without identifying details.
Trichotillomania Support is a voluntary non profit. As a voluntary organisation or non profit, we may collect, use and hold secure, information about you. When we do so, we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as confidential controller of that personal information.
The personal information we may collect and use
In the course of us providing products and services to you, we may collect the personal information that you provide. This information may consist of: Name, address, phone number, delivery address, email address, credit card details and details of the items you’ve ordered, and online identifiers such as cookies and IP addresses.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
To ease your subsequent visits to our websites, so you don’t have to resubmit certain information each time you shop with us.
To occasionally contact you less than once a month should we have any offers or information
related to the goods you purchased with us previously.
To trigger abandonment emails (e.g. to remind you if you have left something in your online basket).
For account holding customers only. You are able to unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of the emails you receive.
To profile our customer database to help us improve our service and product range.
We may work with third party analysis companies but will not share your name, address or phone number with them so they cannot identify you individually.
We may have in place appropriate contractual safeguards with those third party organisations that are designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a misuse of your personal information.
How long will we hold your data
We treat trichotillomania and other lifelong conditions and therefore will hold your personal information for life unless you request its removal from our database. This ensures that if you come to us for help after 20 years, you will receive continuity of care. You have a legal right to be forgotten and if you wish to exercise that right please let us know, failing which we will prioritise continuity of your health care.
We rely on the following lawful bases: our legitimate interests, consent from you (where applicable) and for the purposes of concluding a contract with you as the legal grounds for collecting and using your personal data. Our legitimate interests are providing or offering our products or services to you.
Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
Access your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Policy is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please: email or call us. Let us have enough information to identify you e.g. name and email address; let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and let us know the information to which your request relates.
If you are an existing customer, we will occasionally contact you via email or mail about Trichotillomania Support products and services that we believe would be of interest and benefit to you. If you would prefer not to receive this information you can OPT OUT at any time by visiting your account pages or clicking the unsubscribe link in the email. To opt out of postal mailing contact us at tric.treatment@gmail.com.
If you are an existing customer we may also contact you via email to let you know if you have left items in your basket that you have not purchased. If you would prefer not to receive this information you can OPT OUT at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email.
Cookies
We use cookies and if you use our site, you are deemed to agree. Read more
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Detailed information is available from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems. Please visit www.getsafeonline.org. which is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
Trichotillomania Support use the latest Secure Server Technology to ensure that all data submitted through our website is protected to the highest standards.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption is used to ensure that all credit card and transactional information is secure. You can tell when the web page you’re using is secure as the letters ‘https’ will replace ‘http’ in the browser address window. You will also notice a yellow padlock appear either next to your browser address window or at the bottom of your browser window.
Verified by PayPal
Trichotillomania Support also use Paypal services to ensure our payment cards are as secure as possible. These services help protect your card against fraudulent use online. If you forget your PayPal password, please contact the service providers directly as this is not information that is available to Trichotillomania Support.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us please send an email to michelle.smith.harper@gmail.com or call +44 7910 114 739.
Do you need extra help?
If you would like this notice in another format (for example: audio, large print, braille) please contact us (see ‘How to contact us’ above).
We use cookies to enhance your experience of our site. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to disable them, please see our cookies policy.
Changes to this privacy notice
This privacy notice was last updated on 25 May 2018 and will be reviewed on 25 May 2019.
We may change this privacy notice from time to time.
Please check this policy occasionally for the most recent version.
29th January is International Data Privacy Day, designed to develop awareness of data privacy protection.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, e-mail address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Published 22 September 2019, review 22 March 2020
Schedule Appointment
Log in
Contact Us
×
Contact Us
We would like to hear from you. Please send us a message by filling out the form below and we will get back with you shortly.
Contact Us
Forum
Forum
Hypnotherapy
donate button
Here's your opportunity
to give a little back
fiddle bracelets with habit reversal instructions
video for parents
Video for parents of children with trichotillomania
Social Media:
Facebook
Twitter
Easy Fundraising
Visit These Sites We Love:
Pause Cat Cafe
Woodside Locksmiths
All Seasons Roof Conservatories
Our Partners:
coaching.care
Dermatillomania
Charizma
Telephone: +44 7910 114739