http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-loss
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
1
www.HealthyHearing.com
A woman with hearing loss takes a hearing test.
Hearing loss is the loss of hearing in one or both ears, ranging from mild to profound. There are many causes, and it can affect anyone at any age, but it's most common among people older than 60.
Getting help for hearing loss begins with a
hearing test.
The good news is that there are numerous solutions, including hearing aids. By learning more about the symptoms, causes, tests, treatments and prevention of hearing loss, it is easier to understand how it impacts you or your loved one—and what you can do about it.
Hearing loss, by the numbers
The statistics are surprising:
The average delay between the time someone is affected by hearing loss and when they finally seek treatment is 7 years.
In the U.S., about 1 out of every 8 people have hearing loss.
Of babies born in the U.S., 2 to 3 of every 1,000 have a detectable hearing loss in at least one ear.
Only 16 percent of adults who could benefit from hearing aids have tried them.
Of adults aged 65-74, 25 percent have a disabling hearing loss, and 50 percent of adults over the age of 75 have a disabling hearing loss.
The hidden dangers of untreated hearing loss
Hearing loss can have far-reaching implications for you and those close to you. Untreated hearing loss can impact your health as well as your well-being. Research indicates that people with hearing loss have higher rates of depression, social isolation and cognitive decline.
Medically, people with hearing loss face higher medical costs for other health issues and a higher risk of dangerous trips and falls.
For people still in the workforce, hearing loss is linked to unemployment and lower earnings at work.
More: 7 reasons to stop putting off your hearing health
Fortunately, hearing loss is well-understood and often treatable with hearing aids. By seeking information here, you’ve taken a smart first step.
Symptoms of hearing loss
The symptoms of hearing loss can vary depending on the type of hearing loss, the cause of hearing loss, and the degree of loss.
For people with age-related hearing loss, it's typical to experience what's known as high-frequency hearing loss. Higher-pitched sounds, such as women's voices and birds chirping, may be harder to hear.
But in general, people who have hearing loss may experience any or all of the following:
Difficulty understanding everyday conversation
A feeling of being able to hear but not understand
Having to turn up the TV or radio
Asking others to repeat often
Avoidance of social situations that were once enjoyable
A sense of exhaustion after a day of listening to other people
Increased difficulty communicating in noisy situations like restaurants, lively family gatherings, in the car or in group meetings
Tinnitus, or ringing and/or buzzing sounds in the ears
Types of hearing loss
Hearing loss can make it a struggle to
understand conversations in noisy places.
There are three main types of hearing loss, and you can read more about each type here.
Sensorineural hearing loss is the most common type of hearing loss. It is permanent and caused by many different conditions that damage tiny hair-like cells in the inner ear or the auditory nerve. The auditory nerve carries important information about the loudness, pitch and meaning of sounds to the brain. Most adults with hearing loss have a sensorineural loss. Sensorineural hearing loss can often result in difficulty understanding sound or speech even though it is loud enough to hear.
Conductive hearing loss is caused by a mechanical problem in the outer or middle ear or an obstruction in the ear canal, such as earwax that blocks sound from getting to the eardrum. It can be permanent, but more often it is temporary and can be medically treated.
Mixed hearing loss is when a person has both sensorineural and conductive hearing loss.
Causes of hearing loss
There are many causes of hearing loss, and it's important to figure out what is causing the hearing loss to determine the right treatment.
Hearing loss risk factors
Any of the following scenarios increase your risk of developing gradual hearing loss:
Being over 60 years old, when age-related hearing loss is more likely to occur
Frequent exposure to loud noises, such as gunfire
Having a close family relative with hearing loss, or a family history of genetic disorders with hearing loss
The more of these risk factors you have, the more likely you will experience hearing loss. The hearing loss is usually gradual. These are the most common risk factors, but there are some surprising risk factors, too.
Less common causes of hearing loss
Meanwhile, hearing loss also can be caused by any of the following conditions:
Certain medications, sometimes called “ototoxic” drugs
Trauma or injury to the head
Certain illnesses such as Meniere’s disease, otosclerosis or autoimmune disease
Acoustic neuroma
Tests for hearing loss
If you suspect you have a hearing loss, it is important to immediately seek the advice of a qualified hearing healthcare professional, such as an audiologist or hearing instrument specialist. Hearing tests are simple, painless, and widely available. Your hearing health professional will begin by conducting a thorough history, and they will ask questions about the challenges you are having, your lifestyle and your communication needs.
There are different types of hearing tests that evaluate specific parts of the auditory system and specialized hearing tests just for infants and toddlers. However, most hearing tests involve a sound-treated room or booth and headphones. Your hearing care professional will also conduct a visual exam of your ear canals and eardrum using a lighted instrument called an otoscope. This will determine if something physical, such as earwax, is contributing to your hearing loss.
Once in the booth, you will be asked to listen to a variety of tones and indicate the softest tones you can hear by pressing a button. This part of the exam is called pure tone audiometry, and it is valuable for determining not only how much hearing loss you have, but which frequencies are most affected. You may also be asked to listen for and repeat words. These speech tests can determine the softest speech sounds you can hear and how well you can understand speech clearly when it is loud enough for you to hear it.
Hearing tests are simple, painless and widely available.
If the hearing healthcare professional determines it is necessary, you may also be asked to wear plastic or soft foam earplugs during tests for acoustic reflexes. Another test called tympanometry tests the function of your eardrum.
Test results are marked and presented on a graph called an audiogram. An audiogram displays the softest sounds you can hear at different pitches. These results will enable your hearing healthcare provider to assess your hearing ability and develop the right treatment plan if necessary.
Online hearing checks also are available. While online hearing tests cannot replace the thorough test a hearing healthcare professional provides, they can be a good place to start.
Hearing loss treatments
Hearing loss is a well-understood medical condition that has many tried-and-true treatment options. Finding the right treatment is a joint venture between you and your hearing care professional, and if done properly, takes into consideration the following factors:
Type of hearing loss
Severity of hearing loss
Cause, if known
Your lifestyle
Your age and your communication needs
Your cosmetic preferences
Your budget
Hearing aids are the most common treatment for hearing loss.
Some types of hearing loss, especially conductive types, can be medically or surgically corrected but others cannot. The most common treatment for sensorineural hearing loss is properly fitted hearing aids. Hearing aids are widely available in a range of styles, colors, sizes, technology levels, and price points. The great news? They do more than just help you hear—hearing aids will make you healthier overall, too.
Hearing loss prevention
Earplugs can protect your hearing in
noisy situations.
Just because hearing loss is common doesn’t mean everyone is destined to be affected by it. There are many ways to prevent hearing loss or stop it from getting worse.
Noise-induced hearing loss is very common and many adult cases of hearing loss are due to noise exposure. Some noisy occupations can increase your risk of developing hearing loss. This cause of hearing loss is the easiest type to prevent by limiting exposure to loud noise and wearing hearing protection.
If you already have hearing loss, prevent it from getting worse by avoiding excessive noise exposure.
Hearing protection generally comes in the form of earplugs, earmuffs or noise-canceling headphones. Earplugs are made of acoustically impenetrable materials. When sized correctly and inserted into the ear, they can provide a good deal of hearing protection. Earmuffs or noise-cancellation earphones are others options for hearing protection. These devices offer greater protection against prolonged or higher levels of noise. These devices work by covering the entire ear to block or cancel out loud noises.
Children and hearing loss
Hearing loss is harmful to people of all ages, but for children, it has special implications. Because babies and young children need to hear in order to develop spoken language, good hearing is the foundation for spoken communication, social development and educational success.
Most hospitals screen every newborn for potential hearing loss. Those infants identified by the screening are referred for further testing to confirm the presence of hearing loss and gather more information so decisions can be made regarding intervention. If your child has a hearing loss, you are encouraged to talk with a pediatric audiologist. Pediatric audiology is a specialized field of professionals dedicated to the specific needs of babies and children with hearing loss.
Hearing loss in children can be caused by congenital factors, head trauma, medications, childhood illnesses, persistent middle ear infections, deformities of the ear canal or malfunctioning eardrums. Treatment of childhood hearing loss depends largely on the underlying cause. Identification of hearing loss and intervention prior to 6 months of age has been shown to dramatically improve outcomes for kids.
What’s next?
Pat yourself on the back for taking this very important first step to learning about hearing loss. We know that if you have hearing loss or if someone close to you is affected, the feeling can be overwhelming and maybe a little confusing. That’s why we invite you to take a deeper dive by exploring the information here until you are ready to seek help. Our directory of consumer-viewed hearing clinics is a good place to  find a hearing care professional, such as an audiologist or hearing instrument specialist.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing loss
Related topics
Symptoms Types Causes Tests Treatment Prevention Children Noise Middle ear infections
More information about
hearing aids, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Hearing loss in the workplace
Hearing impairment and communication
Age-related hearing loss
The impact of hearing loss on relationships
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Symptoms
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!