http://www.organicjar.com/contact/privacy/
OrganicJar.com
natural health, green living, organic news
HOME
VIDEOS
LEARN MORE
Take a Poll
Friends & Partners
ASK
CONTACT
Contact Us
Submit News
Write For Us
Advertise
health
eco-living
environment
superfoods
organic
reviews
subscribe
OrganicJar, Inc. Privacy Policy
At OrganicJar, Inc. ("OrganicJar") we appreciate your readership and support and place a high value on your personal privacy. We respect the personal nature of the information you provide us on our web site and staunchly recognize the importance of protecting this information. In adopting this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy"), our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using your personal information with your reasonable expectations of privacy. This Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time and we encourage you to check back often to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version and the terms of our Privacy Policy.
When does OrganicJar collect my personal information?
You may provide personal information to OrganicJar several ways including: (1) by sharing your e-mail address when subscribing to our newsletter, (2) by sharing personal information when you submit news tips to our editorial team or by submitting a report via our Contact Form, (3) by sharing personal information when you post comments on our posts or stories, (4) by sharing contact information (Twitter username and Facebook account name) through our contests. We may also ask for other information at other times but at no time will you be required to share any personal information to gain complete access to our site. OrganicJar is an open community but email addresses are requested to participate in some of our member-only features.
In addition to basic contact information, our analytics trackers may also collect other information. This may include the operating system you are working on, the Internet browser you are using, and the screen resolution of your computer.
How does OrganicJar use my personal information?
Depending on the portion of our site that you have subscribed to or interacted with, we may use your information in a number of ways.
The email
address you provided through our newsletter subscription form enables us
to send you a daily digest of OrganicJar news stories. This subscription
is entirely opt-in by the user. (We cannot subscribe you to the newsletter
as you personally must have access to the email account in order to verify
the subscription.) Subscribers can opt-out of our newsletter at any time
by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link that is present on every
email at the very bottom of the newsletter.
The email
address that you use when contacting us with an editorial tip or via our
Contact Form will not be used for any reason but for the purposes of
responding to your inquiry.
The email
address associated with your account when you comment on our stories may
be used in conjunction with contests and promotions hosted on OrganicJar’s
website to notify you if you have won. Email addresses provided in
comments are not usually used for any other reason except that they may be
used as a customer service and policy violation contact mechanism
If you
choose to comment on OrganicJar stories through Twitter and/or Facebook
Connect, we do not get access to your email address nor do we have any access
to your personal data or private information.
We ask for
a Twitter or Facebook account to verify the legitimacy of accounts voting
in our Open Web Awards. We do not get any access to your personal data or
private information.
To maintain a site that is free of charge, we display advertisements on our website. We also use information you give us through surveys to help our advertisers target the audience they want to reach and to provide you with potentially interesting advertisements. Unless you give consent, at no time does any party other than OrganicJar have access to your personally identifiable information (with the exception of Google who maintains our RSS subscription-by-email service and our survey providers), and unless we have your consent, you will never be contacted by any party other than OrganicJar. The only exceptions to the foregoing are that we may disclose personally identifiable information (i) in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena, (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law, or (iii) in the event we are acquired by or merged with another company.
When you sign up for our updates or receive e-mail messages from OrganicJar, you will always be given the chance to opt-out of our communications. You may change your preferences at any time and will only be contacted in manners consistent with your stated preferences.
Non-personally identifiable information (such as stated above) may be shared in aggregate form with our advertisers, business, or marketing partners but your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed to them.
Who else has access to my personal information?
Accounts associated with OrganicJar are all 'public.' By 'public,' we mean that certain information will be viewable by all users. What you see on other user profiles is the same information that other users can see about you.
Is there anything else I should know about my privacy and OrganicJar?
Any information you disclose voluntarily on our comments page or in any properties hosted by OrganicJar becomes public information. OrganicJar.com is a public forum. We cannot control the action of our site users and advise you to use your discretion in sharing information about yourself on the Internet. All information sharing is optional and done so at your own risk. Privacy is a very personal matter and we encourage you to be careful and responsible when disclosing personal information online.
OrganicJar Comment Policy
We never censor comments based on political or ideological point of view or of a critical nature. We reserve the right to delete those comments that are off-topic, "spammy" in nature, abusive, use excessive foul language, or include ad hominem attacks.
Once a comment is made public on the OrganicJar.com website, we will not remove it by request. As a user, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting.
Comments will only be considered for removal (i) in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, or (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
All comments and other content contributed to OrganicJar shall adhere to the following policy, and may be edited or removed at OrganicJar’s discretion if it is deemed to be in violation of this policy.
Personal Attacks: Please
don’t engage in personal attacks (on authors, other users or any
individual), persistent trolling or mindless abuse. The OrganicJar
community should focus on intelligently discussing topics by furthering
the conversation and informing the participants with resourceful and
constructive ideas.
Hate speech: Racism,
sexism and homophobia will not be tolerated.
Language and Threats: Please watch your language and respect other people’s views, beliefs and
emotions. We reserve the right to remove any content that might be found
extremely offensive or threatening.
No Spam: Spam and
advertising content will be removed.
Smear Tactics: Although we
acknowledge criticism of our articles and our writers, we will not allow
misrepresentation. We will distinguish between constructive arguments and
smear tactics.
Relevancy: Please keep
conversations relevant. Off-topic comments are subject to removal in order
to keep the thread on track.
Quality: We encourage you
to take responsibility for the quality of the conversations in which
you’re participating. Maintain intelligent discussions in the OrganicJar
community by being respectful and considerate.
Help us: Maintain an
inviting interaction space by self-policing threads and flagging spam.
Although we have a hands-on approach to community engagement, we do
sometimes miss problem commenters or trolls. We appreciate your efforts to
keep the OrganicJar community environment inviting, insightful and
constructive. Let the conversations be quality ones.
OrganicJar will have the right to delete any account at any time (i) in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, or (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Subscribe To OrganicJar
Follow @OrganicJar
Subscribe
RSS
Follow me on Pinterest
Support OrganicJar Sponsors
Advertise with OrganicJar...
Most Shared Articles
Videos
** NEW VIDEOS COMING SOON! **
Support OrganicJar
Learn More
Alzheimer
Antioxidants
Cancer
Cholesterol
Diet
DNA
Documentary
Economy
FDA
GM Foods
HDL
Heart Disease
LDL
Lisa Paris
Monsanto
Nutrition
Nuts & Seeds
Omega-3
Organic
Raw Foods
Recipes
Research
Reviews
Stress
Tea
Top 10 List
USDA
Video
Videos
Vitamin D
© Copyright 2020 OrganicJar.com All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. OrganicJar assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and privacy policy published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and service marks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. 2020. All rights reserved.
Powered by WordPress