http://www.ifsta.org/about-us/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Shop Shop Home Product Categories Firefighter FESHE-Higher Education Driver-Operator Officer-Instructor Hazardous Materials-Terrorism Emergency Medical Services Industrial Rescue Prevention, Inspection,Code Enforcement eBooks Interactive Courses Apps What's New While Supplies Last All Products Best Sellers New & Featured Products Apps Product Catalog About Us About Us Home About IFSTA Mission & Values History IFSTA/FPP Organizational Relationship Executive Board Committees IFSTA Calendar News & Press Hot Topics Speaking of Fire News Archives Research Fire & Life Safety Careers Community Fire is Everyone's Fight Anne Phillips Award Contact Us ResourceOneHomeSkill VideosInstructor AccessFAQ HelpShipping & ReturnsFAQInternationalCopyright RequestAsk an Editor Sign In / Register Your shopping cart is empty.
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 08, 2016Fire Protection Publications (FPP), a department within the College of Engineering, Architecture, and Technology at Oklahoma State University, and headquarters for the International Fire Service Training Association (IFSTA) operate web sites (the "web sites") for the benefit of our customers. We are aware that you, our customers, care about how personal information is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly.By visiting our web sites, you are accepting the policies and practices contained within this Notice.PERSONAL INFORMATION GATHEREDThe information we obtain from customers helps us improve your shopping experience. This is what we may gather from you:Information you give usWe receive, and may store, any information you provide on our web sites or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but as a result, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services or features. We may use information collected during current shopping sessions to provide you a more customized shopping experience in the future. We may also use this information to improve our web sites and better communicate with you.Automatic InformationWe receive, and may store, certain types of information when you interact with our web sites. For example, we may store your computer's Internet address, information about your Web Browser, URLs of referring web sites, and your site navigation histories.E-Mail CommunicationsTo help us communicate more effectively with you through e-mail messages, we may receive a confirmation when you open messages from us if your computer supports such capabilities. We require that all E-Mail Addresses provided to us be valid; otherwise, we may disregard them. Our web sites provide an option info@ifsta.org link here to limit what types of information that we will send to you, including the option to not send you any messages. Generally, we will send you one or more order confirmations via e-mail unless you have previously instructed us not to send any communications through e-mail. When we send you e-mail messages, we cannot guarantee that your computer will receive them. If you wish to receive e-mail messages from us, it is in your best interest to configure your computer's e-mail program to accept all messages from IFSTA.ORG and OSUFPP.ORGInformation from Other SourcesWe may receive and store information about you from other sources and add it to our customer databases. If you have placed an order in the past via telephone, fax, e-mail, or regular mail, we may already have a customer account setup for you.All information supplied to us through our web sites becomes the property of Oklahoma State University.TRACKING TECHNOLOGIESURL RewritingURL rewriting is a technique used to provide a session-like browsing experience on a web site. We use the URL rewriting technique to provide you with a persistent online shopping session. Such sessions do timeout after a certain period of inactivity.Google AnalyticsWe use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. It also collects data about visitor demographics and interest categories. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site.Although Google Analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. In addition, the cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored in your computer. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Use and the
Google Privacy Policy . You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.RemarketingWe use remarketing service to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors to our website. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve tailored ads based on someone’s past visits to the IFSTA website. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site. This could be in the form of an ad on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our products and services to those who have shown interest in our products.As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the
Google Ad Preferences page. You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.SHARING INFORMATIONInformation about our customers is an important part of our business mission, and we are not in the business of selling it or giving it away.Sometimes, we may send messages to selected groups of our customers on behalf of other organizations. When we do this, we do not give any of your personal information to that organization.We may release personal information when we believe that a release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply agreements; or protect rights, property, or the safety of any party. This includes exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.INFORMATION SECURITYWe protect the security of your information during transmission over the Internet by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts information you input into our web sites. Your Web Browser has features that notify you when SSL encryption is being used. For example, most Web Browsers display a closed "pad lock" when all content is being encrypted.When you place an order through our online system, we do not store your credit card information. After your credit card transaction is approved by your credit card company, only the approval code is stored within our online order system. Therefore, that is why we always require you to provide your credit card information with each online order that you place. Please note that when you place an order through our online system, our Customer Service representatives do not have access to your credit card informationAfter placing an order, it is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your computer. We do not recommend that you place an order using a public or shared computer. If you choose to use a public or shared computer to place an order, we strongly recommend that you empty, clear, or flush the Web page "Cache" that your Web Browser maintains. If this "Cache" is available to others after you place an online order, they may be able to retrace your steps by going "Back" and viewing your session on our web sites.ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATIONWe offer a limited Order Tracking service that allows you to determine the overall status of your orders. We also can notify you at certain times, via e-mail, when your order status changes.Whenever we display information about your online order, either through our "Order Tracking" service or through an e-mail notification, we will do not display credit card number(s). Other information that we will display about your order is non-personal in nature with the possible exception of your "Ship To" address.USE OF OUR WEB SITESIf you choose to visit our web sites, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use.This Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use of our web sites may be updated regularly. You should check our sites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated to the contrary, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you. We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of our customer information collected in the past without the consent of the affected customers.If you have any questions regarding your orders, this Privacy Notice, or the Terms and Conditions under which govern your use of our web sites, please contact our Customer Service department at 1-800-654-4055 between 8:00 a.m. and 5 p.m. (Central), Monday through Friday.
Please wait while we process your order. This process may take a few seconds, please be patient.
Top