http://www.ncemsf.org/about/organizational-documents/conditions-policies-and-terms-of-use
HomeAboutOrganizational DocumentsConditions, Policies, and Terms of Use
The following policies apply to the NCEMSF Website and all of its features.  This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
This Website is owned and operated by the National Collegiate Emergency Medical Services Foundation (NCEMSF), an American non-profit organization (Federal ID 25-1789953). We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
NCEMSFPO Box 93West Sand Lake, NY 12196USA
How does NCEMSF use your data?
NCEMSF uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our Website, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view the majority of our Website.
When you sign up for a free Web account
When you sign up for a free personal Web account, we will use your personal information to provide you with access to certain areas of our Website. The details we collect from you when you sign up for a free personal Web account may include (but are not limited to) your name, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, academic/industry affiliation, EMS certification level, campus EMS alumnus status, and demographic details.
When your organization signs up for a free institutional Web account, we will use your group's information to provide you with access to certain areas of our Website. The details we collect from you when your organization signs up for a free institutional Web account may include (but are not limited to) group name, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and demographic details.
When you become a member or renew your membership
When you become a personal member of NCEMSF, we will use your personal information to process your membership application and provide you with your membership information and benefits. The details we collect from you when you become a member may include (but are not limited to) your name, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, academic/industry affiliation, EMS certification level, campus EMS alumnus status, demographic details, and payment details.
When your organization becomes an institutional member of NCEMSF, we will use your group's information to process the membership application and provide you with your membership information and benefits. The details we collect from you when your organization becomes an institutional member may include (but are not limited to) group name, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, demographic details, and payment details.
To complete your membership application or renewal, we may share a subset of your personal information with a payment processor.  We need to process your personal information in this way to register you as a member and provide the ongoing membership services and benefits to you.
When you attend one of our meetings or events
When you register to attend one of our events, such as our annual national conference, details we collect from you when you may include (but are not limited to) your name, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, academic/industry affiliation, EMS certification level, campus EMS alumnus status, demographic details, and payment details. If you are already a member (or have previously been a member) and register for an event, we will use the membership details we already have on file for you to confirm your booking. You may update those details at any time.
To complete your event registration, we may share a subset of your personal information with a payment processor and the facility hosting the event.  We need to use your personal information in this way to complete the booking process.
Contact information for campus EMS organizations represented at an event may be provided to event exhibitors and speakers upon their request.  We do this because our exhibitors and speakers have a legitimate interest in building relationships with the campus EMS community.
Using our SMS-based attendance tracking system at an NCEMSF event may involve a third-party message processor.  Limited information (e.g., your mobile phone number and the attendance information you provide) will be provided to that third-party.  In handling these requests, we may also reveal your name and the speaker / topic of the session you are attending to the third party.
When you email us, phone us, or contact us via social media
When you contact us, we may also handle your personal information (your name, contact details and the other details you provide to us) in order to provide the customer services you have requested (e.g., questions you may have with regard to membership, payments, and other service-related inquiries). We rely on your consent to handle your personal information in this way. If you do not provide us with the personal information we request from you for customer services purposes, we may not be able to fully answer your queries.
When you have expressed interest in the Foundation
This section applies if you have opted in to receive communications from us, or have previously expressed an interest in the Foundation and not opted out.
After you sign up for one of our events, create a free Web account, or become a member of NCEMSF, we will provide you with email updates.  Every email we send to you for this purpose will also contain instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving them.  You can tell us that you do not want a specific campaign of emails by following the included unsubscribe link. You may also tell us that you do not want any emails from NCEMSF by contacting us at membership@ncemsf.org.
If our organization or its assets are sold
We will transfer your personal information to a third party:
If we sell or buy any business or assets, we will provide your personal information to the seller or buyer (but only to the extent we need to, and always in accordance with data protection legislation); or
If the Foundation or the majority of its assets are acquired by somebody else, in which case the personal information held by the Foundation will be transferred to the buyer.
We process your personal information for this purpose because we have a legitimate interest to maintain business continuity and to ensure our business can be continued by the buyer. If you object to our use of your personal information in this way, the relevant buyer of our business may not be able to provide services to you.
In some circumstances, we may also need to share your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share it to comply with a legal obligation.
Analytics and Technical Information
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may share aggregated demographic information with our sponsors and partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use Google Analytics demographics and interest reporting features on our Websites. These tools allow us to review anonymous data regarding the gender, age, and interests of website visitors and adapt our website content to better reflect their needs. Although this information is collected through your Google Ad settings, it is not provided to us in a personally-identifiable format. This means we cannot identify information about you, and we will not attempt to circumvent that. You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Google Ad settings or through the Google Analytics opt-in browser add-on.
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that NCEMSF is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the NCEMSF Website.
Cookies
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the site's functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is not recommended that you do disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterward to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Orders processing related cookies
This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the Web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
More Information about Cookies
Hopefully, this has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. This Cookies Policy was created with the help of the CookiePolicyGenerator.com
If you are looking for more information about our use of cookies, please email webmaster@ncemsf.org.
How Long Do We Retain Your Data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
If you tell us that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, we promise to stop sending them to you.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research, product development or improvement, or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
What Are My Rights Under Data Protection Laws?
You have various rights under the data protection laws, which you can exercise by contacting us. Please contact our data protection team at dataprotection@ncemsf.org. Alternatively, you may mail us at the address found at the top of this policy document.
If you exercise your right under data protection laws, your request may be subject to a fee, if we are permitted to charge a fee. We will let you know at the time you make your request whether there is a fee.
Right of access
You are entitled to receive confirmation as to whether your personal information is being processed by us, as well as various other information relating to our use of your personal information.
You also have the right to access your personal information which we are handling.
Right to complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority for data protection issues in your territory.
Please be aware that we may also need to use your personal information if it is relevant to a legal claim that is being pursued.
Right to rectification
You have the right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to have incomplete personal information we hold about you completed, by accessing your Web profile and updating the information contained within it.  Alternatively, you may provide a supplementary statement to us by emailing dataprotection@ncemsf.org.
Right to restriction
You can restrict our processing of your personal information where:
you think we hold inaccurate personal information about you;
our handling of your personal information in unlawful, but you do not want us to delete it;
we no longer need to process your personal information, but you want us to keep it for legal reasons; or
where we are handling your personal information because we have a legitimate interest (as described in the “How does NCEMSF use my data?” section above), and are in the process of objecting to this use of your personal information.
Where you exercise your right to restrict us from using your personal information, we will then only process your personal information when you agree, except for storage purposes and to handle legal claims.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, common;y-used, machine-readable format and to send this to another organization controlling your personal information.
This right only applies to your personal information we are handling because you consented to us using it.
Right to erasure ('right to be forgotten')
You have the right to require us to erase your personal information which we are handling in the following circumstances:
where we no longer need to use your personal information for the reasons we told you we collected it;
where we needed your consent to use your personal information, you have withdrawn your consent and there is no other lawful way we can continue to use your personal information;
when you object to our use of your personal information and we have no compelling reason to carry on handling it;
if our handling of your personal information has been unlawful; and
when we must erase your personal information to comply with a law we are subject to.
Keep in mind that erasure of your data from our systems will remove our ability to provide key services to you.  For example, we retain your historical conference workshop attendance information for the purpose of generating a continuing education report. In deleting your data, we will no longer be able to assist you in such activities.
Content Copyright
The information contained within this Website is the intellectual property of the National Collegiate Emergency Medical Services Foundation. NCEMSF grants permission to reprint materials contained within the site for non-commercial purposes with the intent of disseminating information to the EMS community. Any reprinted material must include the following credit line:
"Reprinted by permission of the National Collegiate Emergency Medical Services Foundation (www.ncemsf.org)"
Any other use of material from this Website without the expressed consent of NCEMSF is prohibited. Contact secretary@ncemsf.org for additional information.
Database Disclaimer
Information in our database of campus EMS organizations has been provided by representatives of the schools listed. As such, NCEMSF tries to maintain as updated information as possible but does not take responsibility for its overall accuracy. Contact the individual schools listed for more information on their current programs and organization.
Medical Disclaimer
The information contained within this Website is not intended as medical advice. Contact your group's medical director before modifying any protocol, standard operating procedure, or treatment guideline for your service.
Member Login
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot Login?
Sign up
Foundation Sponsors
Become a Sponsor/Advertise with Us