https://www.ihf-fih.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
IHF
About Events Resources Membership Activities  COVID-19 Beyond the Call of Duty Virtual ForumInformation & Resources Webinars PodcastsBeyond COVID-19 Task Force Contact
Log in
Sign Up
Privacy PolicyHome > Privacy PolicyThe IHF Privacy Policy provides you information on what data we collect, what we use it for and what are your rights.The IHF Privacy Policy applies to all IHF related websites.IHF follows the following GDPR rules in order to protect your privacy:we do not collect more information than is necessary;we do not use your data for purposes other than those specified;we do not keep your data if it is no longer needed;we do not spread/sell your data to third parties. DATA CONTROLLER IHF processes Personal Data both as Processor and as Controller as defined by the GDPR. For some activities IHF may rely on external processors (as described under “Information security”).You can contact us at any time to:Access the Personal Data IHF has about youCorrect any Personal Data IHF has about youDelete any Personal Data IHF has about youInternational Hospital Federation 151 Route de Loëx 1233 Bernex Switzerland +41 (0) 22 850 94 20 ihf.secretariat@ihf-fih.org WHAT INFORMATION DOES IHF COLLECT? HOW? WHY? Website usage You can visit IHF website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. The only information we gather during general browsing aside from the IP address is mostly anonymous traffic data including browser information, device information, language.Collection of personal data While you can use our website without giving out your personal information, once you register for the newsletter, sign up into one IHF website, request information, provide feedback, join an online discussion group or an electronic mailing list, you will be asked to provide personal information. The information you provide (personal information such as your name, email address, organization, etc.) will be processed and stored so that it is possible for us to contact and respond to your request, and/or allow you access to our services. The information is collected only with your knowledge and permission, and is kept in various IHF databases and mailing lists.Electronic discussions groups If you join an electronic discussion group (e.g., by email or in the IHF Exchange Platform) other participants of the discussion group (including non-IHF staff) will see some personal information that you have provided.Online purchasing If you purchase something using the IHF website, you may be asked to provide your credit card details. These details are transferred to PayPal, online payment service, hosted outside IHF. Credit card information is not retained by IHF.Information from other sources IHF might receive information about you from other sources (e.g., face-to-face meeting, introduction from third-parties, events participation, etc.). In addition, you may provide us with your personal data by corresponding with us by mail, live-chat, phone, videoconference or otherwise. Before the information is added into the various IHF databases and mailing lists you are requested to give your explicit consent. HOW DOES IHF USE THE COLLECTED INFORMATION? IHF uses Google Analytics and Cookies to improve our service, user experience and analyze how the website is used. The information gathered during general browsing is used to provide an overview of how people are accessing and using the IHF website and IHF does not use it for any additional purpose (e.g., profiling, marketing, etc.).IHF use your personal data to contact you:For our own internal recordsIn response to a request from your part;To inform you by sending the newsletter, documents and any other relevant resource;To invite you to be involved in IHF activities (e.g., researches, projects, events, training, etc.);To invite your organization to join the IHF as a Member or to renew your membership;To invite you to participate to IHF’s partners events/meetings. INFORMATION SECURITY IHF cares to ensure the security of your personal data: we do not sell or share any personal data to any third party except when it’s necessary to complete IHF functions. We may use third-party service providers to process and store your data for activities such as:Event registration;Mailing service provider in support of IHF Activities;Web conferencing platforms for meetings and webinars;Congress App;Tools enabling peer-reviewing papers submitted to IHF.Personal data is not used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy or in ways to which you have explicitly consented.IHF staff who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters, including personal data.The IHF website provides links to external websites to the ihf-fih.org domain as well as features plug-ins for IHF social media pages (i.e., Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter). Once clicked upon, you will be taken to different websites with their own specific privacy policies you are recommended to consult. IHF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE We do not disclose your personal data except in the limited circumstances described here:User Consent or Direction: we may share or disclose your information upon your request/consentLegal process or enforceable governmental request: we may share or disclose your information to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.We may share or disclose your information to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issuesNon-personal, anonymized, aggregated data: we may share or disclose this information as part of a project, research, collaborative, etc. that serves IHF Mission. INFORMATION CORRECTION & DELETION Providing personal data on the IHF website is optional. You can choose not to provide personal data; this will allow you to browse and use the IHF website, but you will not be able to carry out certain actions (e.g., access the Exchange Platform, receive the newsletter, access some resources such as the IHF Journal, etc.).If you are a registered user of the IHF website, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, modify or delete the personal data you provided to us and associated with your account.If you are not a registered user but IHF has your personal data, you can contact the IHF Secretariat and request an electronic version of all the personal data IHF has about you.If you do not want to receive e-mail or being contacted by us in any way and if at any point you wish for IHF to delete information about you, you can simply contact us. DATA RETENTION We only retain personal data for as long as the user account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which we have initially collected it. CHANGES IHF reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and all changes will be available in the IHF website.