http://www.priorygroup.com/legal
Legal
Legal
Additional Information
Home
Legal
General
By using this website, you confirm that you have read and accept the terms and conditions of use set out in this notice. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this website. We reserve the right at any time to change the terms of use of this website. Your continued use of this website following the posting of any such changes will mean you have accepted those changes.
Notice and disclaimer
1. Any information, product or service published on this website is appropriate for use in the United Kingdom. Those who access this website from other areas are responsible for compliance with local laws if local laws are applicable.
2. This website is for information only, unless otherwise stated. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Priory Group disclaims all express and implied warranties with regard to the information, services and materials contained on this website. In particular, Priory Group has used all reasonable care in compiling the content of this website but makes no warranty as to the accuracy of any information on this website and cannot accept liability for any errors or omissions. Further, Priory Group accepts no responsibility or liability for and makes no warranties that functions contained within this website will be uninterrupted or error free or that accessing the website will not expose you to any virus or other harmful elements. Priory Group will update material errors in the information if it is made aware of such errors, in a timely manner. Note that some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties so some or all of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
3. Priory Group shall not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from the use of any of the information contained in this website. Priory Group does not accept a duty of care in negligence to visitors to this website. As stated in Paragraph 2 above, the information contained on this website is for information only and you are responsible for what you choose to do with that information.
4. Information published on this website may include advertising and other material submitted by parties other than Priory. This website also provides links to other websites operated by third parties. It is the responsibility of these third parties to ensure that such material and such websites comply with all relevant laws and regulations. Priory Group disclaims all responsibility for any error, omission or inaccuracy in such material and websites and/or any failure to comply with relevant laws or regulations. Any links to other websites are provided as a convenience to you as a user of this website and does not imply Priory's endorsement of the linked websites.
5. These exclusions of liability will not apply to any damages arising from:
(i) death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Priory Group or any of its employees or agents;
(ii) fraudulent misrepresentations upon which you relied in such circumstances where it was reasonable for you so to rely;
(iii) from circumstances where the law otherwise expressly prohibits such liability from being excluded.
This notice and disclaimer is governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.
If any part of this notice and disclaimer is deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining parts.
If you require any further information you may email your enquiry to James Cordall at web-updates@priorygroup.com
Linking to Priory Group website
We are happy to allow appropriate third party sites, that provide our visitors with more information or support, to link to our website. Sites should be reputable, national, provide accurate information, and a system to update information should errors occur, comply with all data protection and medical data protection guidelines, and actively seek to reduce the stigma of mental illness.
If you would like to link to the Priory Group website, please email: web-updates@priorygroup.com
Priory Group reserves the right to grant or remove this permission in its sole discretion.  You will be required to confirm such discontinuation in writing.
Any link must be discontinued upon notice being received to that effect.
Copyright
All content on this site is © Priory Group.
Priory Group is the owner of copyright and database rights in this website, unless specifically stated otherwise, including content, design, graphics, text, software and underlying source codes.
Priory Group is the owner of all trademarks, tradenames, logos and devices appearing on the site, whether registered or unregistered, except where specifically stated otherwise.
This website is protected by copyright. It is published by Priory Group.
This website or any material part may be reproduced providing the material is not amended or modified in anyway, and providing Priory Group is acknowledged as the source.
Data protection and Privacy
Priory Group takes data protection and confidentiality very seriously.
We fully comply with data protection legislation including the Data Protection Act 2018 and medical confidentiality guidelines.  Please note that all information submitted to us via online forms is secure and confidential; however, users should not send confidential details by email, unless specifically requested by Priory Group.
How we use cookies
This website uses cookies to improve its functionality and to monitor site performance.
Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer by websites you visit. They are widely used in order to ensure websites work efficiently, alongside providing insight about the volume of visitors to the website and how visitors move around the website. This in turn helps us to develop the user experience.
The table below explains the cookies we collect and the information they store.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_ga
_gid
_gac_UA-2681766-1
_gac_UA-2681766-6
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they viewed.
Click here to read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data
ResponseTap
AdiLP
AdiS
AdiV
AdiVi
These cookies enable the display of a dynamically generated phone number through ResponseTap call tracking software. This provides a better understanding of visitor interaction between the website from referral channel (e.g. Google search) to the point at which contact is made via phonecall. The cookies used by ResponseTap demonstrate the user journey through the site and help improve online customer experience.
Click here to read ResponseTap's cookie policy
jobs.priorygroup.com
HBR_SITE_SESSID
media_source_incoming
This is a temporary cookie that keeps you logged into your site profile(s) within the careers section and Applicant Tracking facility.This is a 30 day cookie that tracks the original source of your application with our Applicant Tracking facility.
How to change your cookie settings
You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent.
The following links detail how to manage cookies on popular web browsers:
Google Chrome
Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
For information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website, where the 'help' section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If  you would like more information on the Priory Group Privacy Notice  please click here.
Social media
Contacting us through social media
We use a third party provider, Hootsuite to help us manage our social media output and interactions.
If you send us a private or direct message through social media, the message will be stored by Hootsuite for three months. It will not be shared with any other organisations.
Imagery
All imagery used across the site is stock photography and for illustrative purposes only.   Any person depicted in the imagery is a model and has no association to the Priory Group or its services.
Modern Slavery Act 2015
This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Act and sets out Priory Group’s human trafficking and slavery statement for the financial year ending 31st December 2020.
Priory Group proudly values individuals and those organisations with which we work and we always seek to conduct our business affairs to the highest possible ethical standards and with the utmost integrity. Our operating procedures are kept under regular review and we seek to consistently improve our practices to prevent human trafficking and slavery.
Priory Group is completely committed to operating ethically in all of our commercial arrangements whether in written contracts or relationships more generally. It is against this background that we continue to operate bearing in mind the systems and controls required to ensure that human trafficking and slavery does not have any place in our business.
We have a clear and rigorous Whistleblowing (Protected Disclosure) policy and all colleagues are encouraged to report and expose unethical or inappropriate procedures or behaviour. Any issue raised under the Whistleblowing (Protected Disclosure) policy are investigated fully and appropriate action is taken in accordance with Priory Group’s compliance and assurance standards.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Priory Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report shares some of the organisation’s values in how we conduct our business, to find out more click here.
Discounted treatment available to the armed forces community
Priory offers market leading mental health and addictions treatment across a nationwide network of hospitals and wellbeing centres. We offer both residential and outpatient support across a range of conditions, including all types of addiction and mental health conditions, such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety and personality disorders.
Priory Healthcare offers discounted rates for members of the Armed Forces community and their families on the cost of private mental health and addictions treatment.
For more information, click here.
NHS Improvement Monitor Licence
Please click on a link below to view Priory self-declaration of compliance Monitor Licences:
Priory Healthcare Limited
Priory Rehabilitation Services Limited
Affinity Healthcare Limited
Partnerships in Care Limited
Partnerships in Care 1 Limited
Priory Group – tax policy
Large businesses are required by HMRC to publish an annual statement summarising their tax strategy. A link therefore follows to Priory’s tax strategy document for the accounting period ended 31 December 2018, published in December 2019, click here to view.
Regulation
Priory Group UK No1 Limited is registered in England and Wales at Companies House under number 9057543. Its registered office is at:5th Floor,80 Hammersmith RoadLondonW14 8UD
Find a Treatment Location
Find a Treatment Location
Can't find what you're looking for?
Contact us by phone:
0800 840 3219
or
Make An Enquiry
Cookie Settings