http://www.kidneyurology.org/policy.php
ABOUT KIDNEY & UROLOGY
PATIENT RESOURCES
PROFESSIONAL RESOURCES
SUPPORT US
LATEST NEWS
BROCHURES CORPORATE SPONSORS
CONTACT US
KUFA has moved!
Our NYC address is
104 West 40th Street, Suite 500
New York, NY
10018
Our HQ office is
63 West Main Street, Suite G
Freehold, NJ
07728
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very
important to us, and we are committed to protecting it and respecting it.
The following governs our use of the personal information you provide through
this web site and all affiliated web sites of The Kidney & Urology
Foundation of America ("KUFA").
1. Guiding Principles
We never collect personal information from you if you simply visit our
site to read our content. When we do collect personal information from
you, we generally require only the basic information needed for us to
provide the service or product requested, for example
to fulfill an online event registration or set up an e-mail updates (Perspectives)
subscription.
2. Security
Personal information
you give us is kept confidential and protected using industry-standard
technology.
No transmission
of data over the internet or any other public network can be
guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make diligent efforts to safeguard
your personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security
of information you transmit to us. Personal information is never sold
or rented to third parties.
3. Cookies
This web site may
employ cookie technology. A "cookie" is a small piece of
information that a web site asks your browser to store on your hard drive.
This information helps the web site "recognize" you instantly. Cookies
recall information you entered before so you don't have to reenter it
again
and help us determine whether
you came to the site from a particular internet link. If you prefer,
you can disable cookies on your browser settings. You may still use our
web site, even with cookies disabled. In general, though, we will not
attempt to place a cookie on your computer if you simply visit our site
to read the content.
4. E-mail
Addresses
We
do not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise share e-mail addresses, which
we only collect when you fill out a form, with anyone outside The
Kidney & Urology
Foundation. If
this specific policy should ever change, we will first post the policy
changes on this page and then notify you by e-mail about such changes,
giving you the opportunity to opt-out of any e-mail address sharing programs.
However, within KUFA, we may use e-mail addresses collected
from an assortment of web site transactions and interactions to send
periodic communications about our work in general and about specific
subjects which we believe may be of interest to you.
5. Your Consent
By
using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of personal
information
by The Kidney & Urology Foundation
of America as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right
to change our Privacy Policy at any time. If this policy should change,
we will post the policy changes on this page. We will then notify you
by e-mail about such changes if we deem that necessary. Once posted,
such changes shall be effective immediately. Your continued use of this
site shall be deemed as acceptance of the modified policy. Please be
aware that when you click on links that take you to third party web sites,
you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies, not ours.
While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot
be responsible for the actions of third parties. Therefore, we encourage
you to read third party privacy policies whenever interacting with, and
prior to providing any personal information to, another web site.
You understand that all information, including but
not limited to data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video,
messages or other materials, (the "Materials"), are the sole responsibility of
the person from which such Materials originated. This means that you, the
visitor/user, and not the Kidney & Urology Foundation of America, are solely
responsible for all Materials that you upload, post, email, transmit or
otherwise make available (collectively "Upload") via any portion of the Site. We do not control all of the Materials
posted via the Site and, as such, cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy,
integrity or quality of such Materials. You understand that by using the Site,
you may be exposed to Materials that may be offensive or objectionable. Under no
circumstances will the Kidney & Urology Foundation be liable in any way for
any Materials, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any
Materials, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use
of any Materials Uploaded via the Site.
6. Disclaimer
The information on the Kidney &
Urology Foundation of America's Site is provided with the
understanding that the Foundation is not engaged in rendering medical advice or
recommendation. You should not rely on any information in text files, messages,
or articles on this Site to replace consultations with qualified health care
professionals to meet your individual medical
needs.
We welcome feedback
on our Privacy Policy. Please send your feedback to webmaster@kidneyurology.org.
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America
104 West 40th Street, Suite 500 | New York NY 10018 | 212.629.9770
63 West Main Street, Suite G | Freehold, NJ 07728 | 732.866.4444
1.800.633.6628
Kidney & Urology Foundation of America (KUFA) is a national, 501 c(3) not-for-profit organization.
©
About Us | Patient Resources | Professional Resources | Support Us | News & Recent Events | Brochures
Corporate Sponsors | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Website Last Modified: December 11, 2020