https://www.fallingawake.com/privacy-legal/
Home
About Us
Coaching
Coaches
Programs
Memberships
Resources
Books
Videos
Audios
Life Inventory
Events
Login
Our Privacy Policy and Legal Statement
We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status.
All information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.
Falling Awake is committed to protecting your privacy. We promise to not disclose to third parties the information that you provide.
We do analyze our website logs to collect aggregate data—such as the number of hits per page—and use these data to improve the value of the materials available on our website. We also collect information voluntarily given to us by our registered customers on certain protected registration or subscription areas of the site. These data are used for internal purposes only.
Some areas of our website may be password-protected. In other select areas, which may include free downloads, newsletter, or other offers, we may request that you provide us with basic information before granting you access to the area. If you choose not to register and provide this information, you can still use most of the site. However, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
We maintain several email lists to keep interested parties informed about our events, services, and more. Individuals must voluntarily submit their email through a form or other means on our website or provide us with their email address at an event, direct-mail response, or other channel. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease the addresses on our list to anyone.
You can request to no longer receive email from us. To opt out of our email list, reply to one of our emails and request to be removed or send an email to contactus@fallingawake.com.
Use of cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. We use cookie technology in a limited way to provide convenience when you log onto your account. This information is used to tailor information to individual visitors. In no instances, will this information be aggregated and sold to third parties.
Cookies don’t tell us who you are, your email address, or anything personal. You can choose, with your browser, not to accept cookies. If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to view all areas of our website.
Exceptions
Notwithstanding anything else in this privacy policy, we may release account information when we believe that such release is necessary to comply with the law in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of others.
Third parties
Through us you may be introduced to a variety of third-party vendors and sites. For example, you can review the products offered by the vendors (such as Amazon books) referenced on our site. The privacy policies of these third parties are not under our control and may differ from ours. The use of any information that you may provide to any third party, or the use of cookie technology by any third party, will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site that you are visiting. If you have any doubts about the privacy of the information you are providing on another site, we recommend that you contact that site directly for more information or review their privacy policy.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to the terms outlined in the above privacy policy. If we find it necessary or desirable to change our privacy policy, we will post changes as soon as they go into effect.
Feedback
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy or Falling Awake, please contact: contactus@fallingawake.com
Join our mailing list
Offerings
Coaching
Life Inventory
Memberships
Events
Login
Resources
Books
Videos
Audios
FAQs
Testimonials
Information
About Us
Our Values
Our Strategies
Privacy & Legal
Contact us
contactus@fallingawake.com
+1 (424) 281-7212
Website created by Northcutt Productions andDakotaQ Internet Services.