https://www.shoreline-eatingdisorders.com/privacy-notice/
Integrating Recovery with Life
|
(562) 434-6007
|
Long Beach & Orange County, CA
We Can Help:
Call - 562.434.6007
Email - info@shoreline-eatingdisorders.com
— Main Menu —Home
About - Philosophy & Mission
- Careers
- Location Photos
Eating Disorder Types - Anorexia Nervosa
- Bulimia Nervosa
- Binge Eating Disorder (BED) – Shoreline Adopts HAES Philosophies
- Other Specified Feeding and Eating Disorder (OSFED)
- Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID)
Treatment Options - Long Beach & Orange County Programs (PHP/IOP/OP)
- Satori House Eating Disorder Residential Treatment Program
Admission Process - Eating Disorder Admission Process
- Patient Portal
FAQs - Eating Disorder Facts
- For Family Members
Blog
Events
Contact
Home
About
Philosophy & Mission
Careers
Location Photos
Eating Disorder Types
Anorexia Nervosa
Bulimia Nervosa
Binge Eating Disorder (BED) – Shoreline Adopts HAES Philosophies
Other Specified Feeding and Eating Disorder (OSFED)
Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID)
Treatment Options
Long Beach & Orange County Programs (PHP/IOP/OP)
Satori House Eating Disorder Residential Treatment Program
Admission Process
Eating Disorder Admission Process
Patient Portal
FAQs
Eating Disorder Facts
For Family Members
Blog
Events
Contact
Privacy NoticeThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.shoreline-eatingdisorders.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order or to provide targeted advertising (see below for further information).
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Targeted Advertising Notice
By visiting www.shoreline-eatingdisorders.com third parties may place cookies on users’ browsers for targeted advertising purposes.
The types of data collected for targeted advertising includes IP addresses, cookie identifiers and website activity.
This data may be used by third parties to target advertising on other sites based on your usage ofwww.shoreline-eatingdisorders.com.
You can opt out of receiving targeted advertising. Here is a link to the DAA opt-out site www.aboutads.info and the NAI opt-out site at networkadvertising.org/choices, or for those in Europe, the EDAA opt out site at youronlinechoices.eu.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we protect sensitive information information by not transmitting that data online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Fully Accredited Programs We are proud to announce that our Eating Disorder Programs have earned a third consecutive three-year accreditation by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities. This award reflects our ongoing commitment to upholding the highest quality standards in eating disorder treatment.
Privacy Policy
Locations in Southern California Long Beach Location:
191 Argonne Avenue, Suite 3 Long Beach, CA 90803 (Map)
Orange County Location:
25401 Cabot Road, Suite 217
Laguna Hills, CA 92653 (Map)
Paying for Treatment with Insurance Shoreline’s Residential Treatment (RTC), Day Treatment (PHP), and Intensive Outpatient Treatment (IOP) programs are contracted with the following insurance companies:
• Aetna Behavioral Health
• United Behavioral Health
• Value Options
• Anthem Blue Cross
• CHIPPA
• Cigna Behavioral Health
•Kaiser
•Tri-West
•Oscar
• Blue Shield (when carved out)
• MHN
• Magellan
• Health Net
• Beacon Health Strategies
• A New Day Group
Theravive Top Pick Treatment Center
Shoreline is Verified by Psychology Today
Sitemap© Copyright 2012, Shoreline Center for Eating Disorder Treatment