http://www.fabcats.org/privacy-policy
Our Other Sites
Close
Search
Our Other Sites
We are here for you and your cat. Search our cat care advice
cat care advice Donate
Welcome to International Cat Care
At International Cat Care we believe in a world in which each cat’s life experience will be as good as it can be. We do this by providing cat owners, veterinary professionals and those that live and work with cats with the resources, support and advice they need to care better for their cats.
Find out more
COVID-19
In line with Government advice surrounding COVID-19, the International Cat Care office is closed. We continue to operate but all employees are now working from home to avoid unnecessary travel and aid social distancing.
We have put together some useful advice for cat owners with concerns about COVID-19.
Cat Health A-Z
Your guide to cat health conditions, symptoms and treatments
Go to A–Z
Learning
Free ISFM Webinars for Veterinary Professionals
Read More
Unowned Cats
Learn about our CFSOC programme
Read more
Campaigns
Keeping Cats Safe
Declaration to Cats
Pledge to Go ‘Scruff-Free’
Declawing of Cats
See All
Find A Vet
Search for a Cat Friendly Clinic near you
Search
Popular Advice
Getting a cat
Fleas and flea control in cats
Problem behaviour in cats
Cat pregnancy and birth
See More
Latest News
December 09, 2020
Do cat’s facial expressions help them to get adopted more quickly?
For this Spotlight on Science (and for a few more over the…
Read More
November 30, 2020
Translating Cats – Helping us understand or missing the point?
Dr Sarah Ellis, Cat Behaviour specialist and Head of Cat Advocacy at…
Read More
November 27, 2020
Keeping Cats Safe: Antifreeze
During the winter we try to prevent freezing by using ethylene glycol,…
Read More
iCatCare Community Newsletter
Receive all the latest news and events
Subscribe
Search iCatCare.org
We use cookies to improve our website to make sure you have a better browsing experience. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. Click Yes to help us continue to make these improvements.
YesNo