http://www.amtamassage.org/legal.html
Skip to Main Content
AMTA Website Terms of Use
By using AMTA’s website (the Site), you agree to these Terms of Use. AMTA reserves the right to change these terms from time to time by posting here. Please revisit this page at any time for up-to-date terms.
Copyrights & Trademarks
The entire contents and design of this Site, including but not limited to all trademarks, logos, information, documents, databases, graphic representations and other information (collectively, “Information”), are the sole and exclusive property of the American Massage Therapy Association (AMTA), or used with permission, and are protected under U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws, whether or not a notice of copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights appears on the screen displaying the Information.
Except as otherwise provided herein, users of the Site may save and use Information only for personal purposes. No other use, including without limitation, reproduction, retransmission, and reprinting of Information is allowed without prior written permission from AMTA or other designated owner.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any right or license to any person under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right of AMTA.
Disclaimer
THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. AMTA DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS SITE WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, TIMELY OR ERROR-FREE.
The Information available on and through this site is for information purposes only and is not meant to serve as a substitute for professional medical, legal, or financial advice which should be obtained through consultation with appropriate professionals in your state. AMTA reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modifications to the Information contained on this site at any time without prior notification.
Reference to any product, service, hypertext link to a third party, or other Information by trade name, trademark, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply its endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by the AMTA.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other Information supplied to or made available on the Site by third parties are those of the respective author(s), and AMTA is not responsible for and does not endorse nor guarantee the accuracy or usefulness of such material. AMTA expressly disclaims any liability associated with such material.
Links
Links or pointers connecting the Site with other Internet sites are provided as a courtesy only and do not imply, directly or indirectly, the endorsement, sponsorship, or approval by AMTA of the linked site, the organization or individual operating the site, or any product, service, individual, or organization referenced in the site.  In general, any website that has an address (URL) that does not contain “amtamassage.org” is a linked website.
AMTA HAS NOT REVIEWED ALL THE SITES THAT MAY BE LINKED TO ITS SITE. AMTA DOES NOT ENDORSE AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF ANY OFF-SITE PAGES OR ANY OTHER SITES LINKED TO THESE SITES. LINKING TO SUCH SITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Advertising
Sponsors may advertise their products and services on parts of amtamassage.org.  At no time is AMTA making any representation or warranty regarding any sponsor’s products or services, nor will we be liable for the sponsor’s products or services.
Privacy
For information on AMTA’s data use and protection practices, please refer to AMTA’s Privacy Policy which is incorporated into and made a part of these Terms of Use.
Use of Website
Each person assumes full responsibility and all risks arising from use of this site. Illegal use or abuse of any self-propagating programs on this site will be subject to deletion of entries with no refunds (if applicable) for unused time should there be an offer of posting information for selected or advertised time periods.  Anyone disregarding posted legal notices or cease and desist requests will be subject to full legal action as allowed by city, county, state and/or federal laws.
Online Conduct
Members and visitors agree to use this Site only for lawful purposes and are prohibited from (1) posting any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable material of any kind on this site; (2) attempting to obtain unauthorized access to the Site or another’s account; (3) interfering with the proper working of the Site including, but not limited to, transmission of any virus, worm, trap door, timer, or other limiting routine, instruction or design; (4) interfering with any other person’s use or enjoyment of amtamassage.org; (5) providing false, incomplete, or inaccurate information; or (6) impersonating any other person or entity, whether real or fictitious. AMTA may terminate your access to the Site at any time for violation of the Terms of Use.
Personal Login Information
Certain features and areas of the Site are available only with registration, login, and/or paid membership. If you are required to register and select a unique login and password (“Personal Login Information”), you must keep your Personal Login Information confidential. Your Personal Login Information is personal to you, and you may not allow any third party to use it. AMTA is not liable for any harm caused by or related to the theft, disclosure or unauthorized use of your Personal Login Information. You must contact AMTA immediately if you become aware of any such unauthorized use.
Limitation of Liability
AMTA IS NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CLAIM, LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE AMTA WEBSITE. In the event you are dissatisfied with, or dispute, these Terms of Use and the Site or content, your sole right and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Site. You confirm that AMTA has no other obligation, liability, or responsibility to you or any other party.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use are entered into and performed in the State of Illinois, United States of America, and are governed by the laws of Illinois without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. In any claim or action directly or indirectly arising under this Agreement or related to amtamassage.org, each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts located in Cook County, Illinois, or the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, whichever has jurisdiction, and each party waives any jurisdictional venue or inconvenient forum objections to such court.
Complete Agreement
These Terms of Use are the complete agreement of the parties with respect to use of the Site. If any provision is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this agreement otherwise remains in full force and effect. Anything on the Site that is inconsistent or conflicts with these Terms of Use is superseded by these Terms of Use.
Use Outside the United States
AMTA makes no claims regarding access or use of the Site or content outside of the United States. If you use or access the Site outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws and regulations of those governing jurisdictions in addition to these Terms of Use.
Revised April 2020