http://www.newmilfordhospital.org/privacy-policy-for-western-connecticut-health-network
Privacy Policy for Western Connecticut Health Network
Privacy Policy for Western Connecticut Health Network
Thank you for visiting our website  (the “Site”) and reviewing this Privacy Policy.  Your privacy is important to us. This Site is provided by Western Connecticut Health Network, and its affiliates The Danbury Hospital, New Milford Hospital, Inc., Norwalk Hospital, Western Connecticut Medical Group, Inc., and Western Connecticut Home Care, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “WCHN,” “us,” “we,” or “our”).  To better protect your privacy we are providing this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  Please review this Privacy Policy before submitting any personally identifiable information to WCHN through this Site.  This Site is also subject to our website Terms and Conditions of Use, which can be found at WCHN.org and by using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions of Use please do not use our Site.
For information pertaining to our collection, use and distribution of personal health information please review our Notice of Privacy Practices which is available in three languages in .pdf format by clicking on the following links:
English
Spanish
Portuguese
The Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to the information collected or submitted on this Site.  We may collect two types of information from you:  (i) information that you knowingly and voluntarily supply to us (e.g., through a registration process, sign-ups, or other interaction with the Site); and (ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms.  In addition, on some pages of the Site, you may be able to send us email messages. The types of personal information collected through emails includes your email address, and may also include your name, mailing address or phone number in the body of the message if you send it to us.
Voluntary Information
You may choose to voluntarily and knowingly supply us with information and/or you may provide information through a registration process or sign in procedure used to access protected information on some of the Site pages.  Some of this information will identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us.  This Privacy Policy refers to such information as “personal information” or “personally identifiable information.”  This may include your name or associated company name, email address, postal address, and home or work telephone number.  This personal information is collected from you in a variety of ways including your responses to correspondence, registering for a service, or requesting information about our Site or our services.
Information Collected Using Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Like many websites, our Site may use “cookies,” “web beacons,” other similar tracking technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information which will help us to improve the quality of our services and to make it easier for you to navigate the Site.  This information typically includes your IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed the Site, the name of your operating system (such as Windows or Macintosh), the name and version of your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox), pages navigated during your visit to the Site, and the date and time of your visit, among other things.  Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, most computers allow you to change your browser setting to prevent acceptance of cookies.  You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.  Please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies certain features or parts of the Site may not work properly.  Every computer that accesses the Site is assigned a different cookie by WCHN.  Third parties under contract with WCHN may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your usage of the Site, including which health topics you have viewed.  These third party advertising service providers may use this information to help WCHN deliver advertising on the Site as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our Site.  WCHN may further tailor the advertising on the Site and these third party sites based on additional non-personally identifiable information to the extent known by WCHN or these third parties.  We do not track users across time and across websites.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information that we collect from you to improve our Site, our services, and your experience with our Site and services.  For example, we would use your information for any of the following purposes:
to respond to your queries and requests;
to assist you with managing your account and passwords;
to process applications submitted by you and communicate with you about transactions you have requested;
to undertake, with your consent, any other promotional activities such as providing information about special events;
to communicate with you about our products and services, provide newsletters, and other information related to our business that may be of interest to you;
to build our contact database;
for internal marketing analysis, such as identification of trends;
to provide you with effective customer service and/or technical support; or
to improve the design of our Site.
Sharing Information
WCHN may share your personally identifiable information with its affiliates and trusted third parties who assist us by providing services to users of the Site, including, but not limited to, surveys, credit card processing, fulfillment processing, email distribution, and website management.  These parties are required by contract to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to protect the confidentiality of your personal information
Additionally, to comply with legal requirements, cooperate with law enforcement, prevent fraud and other crimes, and protect legal rights, there are circumstances in which we may share the personal information we collect on this Site without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or regulatory requirement; to comply with a subpoena or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of WCHN, our affiliates, and their employees and agents, other users or the public in general or to protect your vital interests.  We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful without providing notice to you.
You will receive notice when your personally identifiable information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information.  See “Contacting Us; Opt-Out” below.
If we merge or are combined with any other organization, or if we transfer assets or operations to another organization or company, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties in connection with such sale, merger, or transfer of all or some of our business.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect through the Site.  It is important that you understand, however, that no website or database is completely secure or “hacker proof” and we cannot guarantee security of the information you submit to us.  You are responsible for taking personal steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password from unauthorized use or disclosure.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly solicit, collect or maintain information from or market to anyone under thirteen (13) years of age, and no part of our Site is knowingly structured to attract anyone under the age of thirteen (13).  If you are not thirteen (13) years of age or older you may not use this Site and should not provide any information about yourself through this Site.  Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to the collection and use of information from children, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States and other applicable laws or regulations.  Please be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.  If you believe that we received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to 24 Hospital Avenue, Danbury, CT 06810 and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our database.
External Links
For your convenience, we may provide links to websites owned and operated by unrelated third parties.  Such third party sites should have their own privacy policies, which we recommend you review prior to interacting with such site.  This Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information collected through this Site and you agree that WCHN has no liability with respect to such third party sites or their privacy practices.
Policy Changes
Please note that we may update, modify or revise this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior written notice, simply by posting an updated, modified or revised Privacy Policy on the Site.  Any such updated, modified or revised Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site, so please check back periodically to review the changes.  Your continued use of the Site following any such change, including the submission of any personal information, constitutes your agreement that all personal information collected from or about you from this Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us: Opt Out
At your request and where the law requires us to do so, we will make good faith efforts to confirm what personal information we hold about you, update your information, remove your information, fulfill specific opt-out requests, and/or correct any inaccuracies in such personal information if you contact us at 24 Hospital Avenue, Danbury, CT 06810 to submit such requests.  We may decline to process a request that is unreasonable, jeopardizes the rights or privacy of others, is impractical or for which access is not otherwise required.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call Wayne A. McNulty, WCHN’s Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance, Audit, and Privacy Officer at 203-739-7110, or write to us at Western Connecticut Health Network, 24 Hospital Avenue, Danbury, CT 06810. We will endeavor to respond to you within 24 to 48 hours in most cases.
Pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) and its implementing regulations found at 45 CFR sections 164.530 [a][1] and 45 CFR 164.308 [a][2], Wayne A. McNulty, WCHN’s Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance, Audit, and Privacy Officer, serves as WCHN's HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer, respectively.
Governing Law/Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is governed under the laws of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
California Residents: If you reside in California and have provided personally identifiable information to us, you may request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  Such requests must be submitted to us by calling Wayne A. McNulty, WCHN’s Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance, Audit, and Privacy Officer at 203-739-7110 or write to us at Western Connecticut Health Network, 24 Hospital Avenue, Danbury, CT 06810.