http://www.kapiolani.org/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Update: Learn more about patient safety updates and how to get care
Skip to Content
Hawaii Pacific Health
Kapiolani
Pali Momi
Straub
Wilcox
Search
Careers
For Providers
Giving
MyChart
Make An Appointment
Get quality care from anywhere. Whether you’re looking for in-person care or want to see a doctor from home, Hawaii Pacific Health’s Telehealth Services have you covered.
Schedule an In-person, Video, or Phone Appointment with your PCP
Use MyChart® by Hawaii Pacific Health to schedule Video, Phone, and In-person Appointments with your primary care physician (PCP). Also manage your health, pay bills, refill prescriptions, and message your doctor.
SIGN IN TO MYCHART®
No MyChart®? Get an account
Learn more >
Find a Primary Care Physician (PCP)
No PCP? Find a primary care physician today and schedule a Video, Phone, or In-person Appointment online. No MyChart® account needed.
Find a Telehealth PCP
Or call 808-643-4DOC (4362)
Learn more >
Virtual Urgent Care
Get a Video or Phone Appointment with a Straub physician for consultation, diagnosis, treatment, and prescription refills for a broad range of non-emergency conditions.Open daily, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT
Or call 808-824-5237
Learn more >
COVID-19 Virtual Clinic
Do you have the signs and symptoms of COVID-19? Talk with a provider by Video or Phone Visit and determine if you need a COVID-19 test.Open daily, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Call 808-462-5430
Select option 4 (option 3 for Kauai)
Learn more >
If this is a medical emergency, go to the nearest emergency room or call 911. Learn more >
877-709-WELL (9355)
Services
Services
See the comprehensive range of services available at our medical centers, clinics and online.
Telehealth
Primary Care
Bone & Joint
Cancer Centers
Heart Centers
Women's Center
Pediatrics
See All Services
Find a Physician
Find a Physician
View physicians from our major centers of excellence or from across our health care system.
Telehealth
Primary Care
Bone & Joint
Cancer
Heart
Women's Health
Pediatrics
Find a Physician ›
Health & Wellness
Health & Wellness
The pursuit of good health: articles, classes, support groups & events.
Classes
Events
Support Groups
Provider Classes
Healthier Hawaii
Health Library
Patient Stories
Enewsletter Sign-Up
Continuing Education
Webinars
About Us
About Us
Compassionate care delivered face-to-face, hand-in-hand, every day.
Overview
Leadership
Contact Us
About The Board
Board of Directors
Community
About HPH Medical Group
Patients & Visitors
Patients & Visitors
Helpful information to guide you through your stay.
Welcome
Rights & Responsibilities
Language Translation
Understanding Bills
Financial Assistance Program
Volunteer
Enewsletter Sign-Up
MyChart
Hui
Information Sharing
Locations
Locations
Convenient locations through Hawaii's largest health care network.
Kapiolani
Pali Momi
Straub
Wilcox
Hawaii Pacific Health
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hawaii Pacific Health and Affiliates of Hawaii Pacific Health
Quick Links:
Notice of Privacy Practices
Website Privacy Practices - New
Kapiolani Maternity Mobile Application Terms and Conditions of Use
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
Effective Date of Revised Notice: December 15, 2019
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
1. Introduction
This joint Notice of Privacy Practices (this “Notice”) describes how we may use and disclose your Protected Health Information(“PHI”) to carry out treatment, payment, and/or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law. It also describes your rights concerning your PHI. PHI is information about you, including information that may identify who you are or where you live, that relates to your past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition, related health care services, and payment for such services.
To promote continuity and consistency of care, we have an integrated electronic medical record at all our facilities. This means information created in the course of our caring for you will reside in the integrated record and may be available to others involved with your care.
2. Who Will Follow This Notice
This Notice describes the privacy practices of our facilities that make up the Hawai`i Pacific Health Affiliated Covered Entity and of members of each facility’s “organized health care arrangement’, as follows:
Kapiolani Medical Center for Women & Children;
Pali Momi Medical Center;
Hawaii Pacific Health Medical Group
Straub Medical Center;
Kauai Medical Clinic;
Wilcox Medical Center;
All departments, units, and clinics of each of the above-named facilities;
Any health care professional authorized to enter information into your medical or billing records at our facilities;
All employees, medical staff members, allied health professionals, and other authorized workforce who may need access to your information;
Volunteers we allow to help you at our facilities; and
All residents, postgraduate fellows, medical students, and students of other health care professions or educational programs at our facilities.
For purposes of complying with federal privacy and security requirements, the above-described Hawai`i Pacific Health facilities have designated themselves as an Affiliated Covered Entity.  These are facilities under common ownership and control that have agreed to treat themselves as a single “covered entity” under these federal laws.  Hawai`i Pacific Health, as the member of these affiliated facilities, will coordinate privacy practices among these facilities and, from time to time, will have access to some PHI as a business associate of these facilities.  Additionally, the independent providers who are providing health care services at or through our facilities, or who share electronic medical records with Hawai‘i Pacific Health’s Health Advantage Connect partners, have agreed to follow this Notice when providing services at or through that facility.  These independent providers, however, are legally separate and responsible for their own acts.
3. Our Legal Duty
We are required by law to:
Keep records of the care that we provided to you,
Keep your PHI private,
Notify you, under certain circumstances, of breaches affecting your PHI,
Abide by the terms of the Notice that is currently in effect, and
Give you this Notice of our duties and privacy practices with respect to your PHI.
We may change our Notice at any time. We reserve the right to revise or amend this Notice.  Any revision or amendment to this Notice will apply to all of your PHI that any of our facilities have created or maintained in the past and for any of your records that we may create or maintain in the future.  We will visibly post a copy of our current Notice in our admitting and business offices. You may request a copy of the Notice from these locations. The Notice also will be posted on our website. Your personal doctor may have separate policies or notices regarding the use and disclosure of PHI that is created in his/her private practice.
4. We May Use and Disclose Medical Information about You
The following categories describe different ways we may use and disclose PHI.  Not every use or disclosure in a category will be listed.
a. Your Treatment:  We may use and disclose your PHI to provide you with medical treatment or services.  For example, we may disclose your PHI to doctors, nurses, and other health care personnel or providers to coordinate the different things you need, such as prescriptions, lab work, and X-rays.  We may also permit disclosure of your electronic health record via electronic transfer to other facilities and providers for treatment purposes. We also may disclose your PHI to other people who provide services that are part of your care, such as a hospice or home care agency. We may use or disclosure your PHI through telemedicine technology for treatment purposes.
b. Obtaining Payment: We may use and disclose your PHI to bill and collect payment for your health care services.  We may disclose your PHI to other health care providers and organizations involved in your care to assist in their billing and collection efforts.  This may include, for example, disclosures to your health insurance plan about services we recommend for you so your plan can determine eligibility, coverage, or medical necessity or for utilization review activities.  We also may disclose your PHI to third parties for collection of payment and administration of grants that fund our programs.
c. Health Care Operations: We may use your PHI or share it with others in the course of operating our facilities.  For example, we may use your information to evaluate: the performance of our staff in caring for you; the quality of our services; and effectiveness of various treatments. This includes combining information we have with information from other health care providers to compare our services and outcomes so we can see where we can make improvements in our care and services.  We may remove information that identifies you from this set of medical information so others may use it to study health care and health care delivery without learning who the specific patients are.  We also may call you by name in the waiting areas.  We also may disclose your PHI to third parties who perform various activities on our behalf, such as accounting, transcription services, data analysis, and risk management.
In addition, we may disclose your PHI for payment activities and certain business operations of another health care provider or health plan as long as they have or had a relationship with you; the information disclosed pertains to that relationship; and the information is used for one of the following health care operations: quality assessment and improvement; case management and care coordination.
We coordinate with an “accountable care organization” called Hawai’i Health Partners and other health care providers in the community to better coordinate care, improve the quality of your health care services, and reduce health care costs. We may share your PHI with Hawai’i Health Partners and other health care providers in the accountable care network for these purposes.
d. Health Information Exchange: We participate in one or more Health Information Exchanges (“HIE”). Your health information and identifying information regarding your visits to our facilities may be shared with the HIEs for the purposes of diagnosis, treatment, health care operations (such as care coordination efforts), mandatory immunization reporting, or other legally permitted or required purposes. Other providers participating in these HIEs may access this information as part of your treatment.
e. Education and Training: We may disclose information to doctors, nurses, technicians, training doctors, medical students, postgraduate fellows and other hospital personnel for review and learning purposes. These same classes of individuals and other health care professional students may participate in examinations or procedures and in your care as part of our educational programs.
f. Health Related Benefits and Services: We may use and disclose your PHI to tell you about health-related benefits or services that may be of interest to you.
g. Research: Under certain circumstances, we may use and disclose your PHI for research purposes but only as allowed by law or with your permission.  For example, a research project may involve comparing the health and recovery of all patients who received one medication to those who received another, for the same condition. We may use or allow other researchers to review your PHI for the purpose of preparing a plan for a specific research project but, in that event, none of your identifiable information will be allowed to leave our facilities. We may use your PHI to contact you with information about a research study in which you might be interested in participating.  All research studies must be reviewed and approved by a committee, called an Institutional Review Board (IRB), before subjects may be enrolled.  This process evaluates a proposed research project and its use of medical information, trying to balance the research needs with patients’ need for privacy of their medical information. If you choose to participate in a research study, you will be asked to sign a written form authorizing the use and disclosure of your PHI for that study, unless an IRB has determined that your authorization is not needed because the research involves no more than a minimal risk to your privacy.
h. For Fundraising: We may use or disclose certain PHI to an institutionally affiliated foundation to contact you to raise money for our facilities and their operations.  If you do not want to be contacted in this way, please notify the Privacy Officer.
i. Personal Representatives: We may disclose your PHI to a personal representative who has authority under applicable law to make health care decisions on your behalf.
5. You Will Have the Opportunity to Agree or Object to the Following Uses and Disclosures:
Provided you do not object, we may disclose your PHI in the following situations after we discuss it with you. If, however, you are not able to object, we may disclose your PHI if it is consistent with your known prior expressed wishes and is determined to be in your best interests.  As soon as you are able, we will give you the opportunity to object to any further disclosures.
Facility Directory: Unless you object, we will include certain limited information about you in the facility directory while you are a patient at one of our facilities.  This information may include your name, location in the facility, your general condition (fair, stable, etc.), and your religious affiliation.  With the exception of your religious affiliation, the directory information may be released to people who ask for you by name.  Your religious affiliation may be given to a member of the clergy, such as a priest or rabbi, even if they don’t ask for you by name.  We provide this information so your family, friends, and clergy can visit you and know, generally, how you are doing.  If you do not want this information listed in the directory, you must notify the admissions office or fill out a Directory Restriction Form.
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care and Notification:  Unless you object, we may disclose to a member of your family, a relative, a close friend, or any other person you identify information that directly relates to that person’s involvement in your health care.  We also may give information to someone who helps pay for your care. We may share PHI with these people to notify them about your location and general condition.  Finally, we may disclose PHI about you to disaster relief agencies, such as the Red Cross, so that your family can be notified about your condition, status, and location.
6. We May Make The Following Uses and Disclosures Without Your Authorization
When Required By Law:  We will use and disclose your PHI when we are required to do so by federal, state, or local law.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety:  We may use and disclose your PHI to prevent a serious threat to your health and safety or the health and safety of others.
For Organ and Tissue Donation: We may disclose your PHI to a designated organ donor program as required or permitted by law.
For Specific Government Functions: We may release medical information about you to authorized federal officials for intelligence, counterintelligence, and other national security activities authorized by law, as well as to others so they may provide protection to the President and other authorized persons or foreign heads of state. If you are a member of the armed forces, we may release your information as required to your military command authorities.
For Legal Proceedings:  We may disclose your PHI in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process by someone involved in a dispute, but only after efforts have been made to tell you about the request or to obtain an order protecting the PHI requested.
For Law Enforcement: We may use or disclose your PHI for law enforcement purposes, such as legal processes, limited information requests for identification and location purposes, information pertaining to victims of a crime, suspicion that death has occurred as a result of criminal conduct, a crime occurring on our premises, and  certain medical emergencies (not on the premises).
For Health Oversight: We may disclose PHI about you to a state or federal health oversight agency that is authorized by law to oversee our operations. These activities are necessary for the government to monitor our health care system, government programs, and compliance with civil rights laws.
To Coroners, Medical Examiners, and Funeral Directors:  We may disclose your PHI to a coroner or medical examiner.  This may be necessary, for example, to identify a deceased person or to determine the cause of death.  We also may release PHI to funeral directors as necessary for them to carry out their duties.
For Workers’ Compensation: We may disclose your PHI as permitted by workers’ compensation laws and other similar programs.
For Public Health:  We will disclose PHI to public health authorities for public health activities, investigations, or interventions as required by law.  Public health activities generally include:
Reporting births and deaths, birth defects, children at risk, and child abuse or neglect;
Preventing or controlling disease, injury, or disability;
Notifying people of recalls of medical products they may be using;
Notifying a person who may have been exposed to a disease or may be at risk for contracting or spreading a disease or condition;
Reporting reactions to medications or problems with products; and
Notifying the appropriate government authority if we believe a patient has been the victim of abuse or neglect.
Regarding Inmates or Individuals in Custody:  If you are in legal custody, we may disclose your PHI to a correctional institution or law enforcement official.  PHI may be disclosed to provide you health care, to protect your health and safety or the health and safety of others, or for the safety and security of the correctional institution.
7. Other Uses and Disclosures of Your PHI:
Other uses and disclosures of your PHI not covered by this Notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written authorization.  If you provide us permission to use or disclose your PHI, you may revoke that permission, in writing, at any time.  If you revoke your permission, we will stop any use or disclosure of PHI previously permitted by your written authorization.  We are unable to “take back” any disclosures we have already made with your permission.  We generally will not sell your PHI, use or disclose your PHI for marketing, or use or disclose any PHI contained in psychotherapy notes without your authorization.
8. Your Rights Regarding Your PHI:
a. You have the right to request restrictions on how we use and disclose your PHI for treatment, payment, or health care operations.  We, however, are not required to agree to your request except as indicated below.  If we do agree, we will comply with your request unless the information is needed to provide you emergency treatment.   To request a restriction, your request must be in writing to our Privacy Officer and must describe:
The information you wish restricted;
Whether you are requesting to limit our use, disclosures, or both; and
To whom you want the limitation to apply.
You have a right to request, and we are required to agree to, a restriction on the information disclosed to your health plan if you make arrangements to pay for the related services in full.
b. You have the right to request confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location. We will accommodate reasonable requests. We may ask you for information as to how payment will be handled or to specify an alternative address or other method of contact. We will not request an explanation from you as to the basis for the request. Please notify our Admissions/Registration staff.
c. You have the right to inspect and obtain a paper or electronic copy your PHI that our facilities use to make decisions about you for as long as we maintain the PHI.  There are a few exceptions.  If we deny your request to inspect your PHI, we will give you reasons in writing for the denial and explain any right to have the denial reviewed.  If you want copies of your PHI, a charge for copying may be imposed.   You may direct that the copy be transmitted directly to an entity or person designated by you, provided that any such designation is clear, conspicuous, and specific with complete name and mailing address or other identifying information. Please contact our Health Information Management Department if you have questions about access to your health information.
d. You have the right to request an amendment if you feel the PHI we have about you is incorrect or incomplete.  In certain cases, we may deny your request for an amendment. If we deny your request, you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us.  We may prepare a rebuttal and will provide you with a copy of such rebuttal. Please contact our Health Information Department if you have questions about the process.
e. You have the right to find out what disclosures we have made about you, to whom, and why.  This applies to disclosures made for reasons other than treatment, payment, or our health care operations.  It also excludes disclosures we made to you or as authorized by you, for a facility directory, to family members or friends involved in your care, for notification purposes, or as required by law.  The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions, restrictions, and limitations.  Please contact our Health Information Department for further information.
f. You have the right to a paper copy of this Notice.  You are entitled to receive a paper copy of our Notice even if you have agreed to accept this Notice electronically.  You may ask us to give you a copy of this Notice at any time.  To obtain a paper copy of this Notice, contact our Privacy Officer.
g. You have the right to file a complaint.  If you believe your privacy rights regarding your PHI may have been violated, you may file a complaint to our Privacy Officer at the address at the top of this Notice or the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services.  You will not be penalized for filing a complaint.
NONDISCRIMINATION: Hawai‘i Pacific Health complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
HAWAII PACIFIC HEALTH'S WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: April 29, 2016
Hawaii Pacific Health (“Hawai’i Pacific Health”, “we,” “us,” “our”) is committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your personally identifiable information. This privacy policy is applicable to all of Hawaii Pacific Health’s websites that link to this policy and the mobile applications published or distributed by Hawaii Pacific Health (the “Sites”). We have established this Website Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather, why we gather your information, what we use your information for, when we might disclose your information, and how you can manage your information on our Sites.
To learn about the privacy of your medical information and your privacy rights when you receive services at a Hawaii Pacific Health hospital or clinic, please visit the Hawai’i Pacific Health Notice of Privacy Practices.
This Website Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline, or to third-party websites and mobile applications that may be linked to on the Sites. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of these third-party websites and applications.
By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Website Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Website Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to modify the terms of this Website Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Policy, you should contact us by email at info@hawaiipacifichealth.org.
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?
We collect two basic types of information from you: (1) personally identifiable information (“PII”) and (2) non-personally identifiable information (“non-PII”). PII is any information that you supply to us that can individually identify you. PII includes, among other things, your name, contact information (e.g., email address, postal address, telephone number), payment information (e.g., credit/debit card information), medical record number, and photographs in which you may be recognized. Non-PII includes information that does not personally identify you. Non-PII includes, among other things, information about your use of the Sites, such as your IP address, device identifiers, general location information, and demographic data.
Personally Identifiable Information As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your PII to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your PII. The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your PII:
Registration for an account or creating a profile
Request for information or other assistance
Sign up to receive e-mail offers or newsletters
Participation in surveys, panels, or market research
Make donations or other payments
Participation in special events, contests or sweepstakes
Participation on our social media accounts
Participation in communities, chat rooms and comment threads, other forums, and other interactive services
Submission of user generated content
Any other place on the Sites where you knowingly volunteer information
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information From Social Media Sites  When you interact with any Hawaii Pacific Health page or account on a social media platform, we may collect the PII that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username. If you choose to log in to your Hawaii Pacific Health account or mobile application through a social networking service, Hawaii Pacific Health and that service may share certain information about you and your activities.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information As stated above, we also collect non-PII when users interact with the Sites. Non-PII does not personally identify you. Generally, we collect and store the following categories of non-PII:
Device information used to access the Sites. This may include IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other information.
Usage information about interaction with the Sites. This includes a history of the pages viewed or advertisements clicked on, or other information used to customize the Sites.
Additional use data such as time and date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, and referring website addresses.
Aggregate data regarding the use of the Sites.
Demographic data such as age, gender, and five-digit ZIP code.
User search terms and search results.
Collection of Your Location Information You may provide us information which may disclose your general location. Certain content may be directed to you as a result of the collection of this data.
Collection of Information From Other Sources  We also may collect information about you that we may receive from other sources or from our offline interactions with you to, among other things, enable us to verify, update information contained in our records and to better customize Sites for you.
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies Like many websites, we use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track use of our Sites and exposure to our online advertisements. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites, and make it easier to use and more relevant. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed.
We may also use web beacons or other technologies. A web beacon is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect non-PII about your use of a given website. We do not share or provide PII we may collect through such web beacons, such as names, e-mail addresses and phone numbers without your express permission.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), that uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Sites, compile reports on activity, and provide other services related to the Sites’ activity and usage. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies.
We may partner with third party advertising companies who may utilize cookies, web beacons or other technologies to provide advertisements about our services or programs that may be of interest to you. These third parties may use these technologies to collect information about you when you use the Sites. They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. They may use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites.  Such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. For information about how we share your personal information with service providers, please see “How Do We Use Your Information” below.
To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info/choices/. Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Hawaii Pacific Health’s information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide, will continue to operate as described in this Website Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites.  We may use your personally and non-personally identifiable information in the following ways:
General Uses The following general uses:
Provide content and our services
Communicate about your account and send information about features and enhancements
Communicate about changes to our policies
Send offers or promotions for our services or special events
Provide advertising including advertising based on users’ activity on the Sites or activity on third-party websites
Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, or surveys
Post user generated content provided by users
Optimize or improve our services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites
Combination of Your Personally Identifiable Information We may use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single record.  We may also use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of your records.
Who Do We Provide Your Information To?
We may disclose your PII collected on the Sites to our agents, affiliates, partners, and other third parties as described below.
Third-Party Agents We have third-party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and service providers that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to: hosting, website design, content management, technical integration, marketing, analytics, and payment processing. These entities may have access to PII if needed to perform their functions.
CareEverywhere We participate in the CareEverywhere network which allows your health information to be electronically shared between healthcare providers for treatment purposes. CareEverywhere provides continuity of care through the creation of a secure, virtual electronic medical record so you are able to receive the best possible care no matter where you are treated. For more information about how you can limit the sharing of your information with CareEverywhere, see the “Opt-Out Provisions” section below.
Assignment We may change our ownership or organization while providing the Sites. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Sites. In such event, we may transfer some or all of your information to an entity acquiring all or part of our assets or to another entity with which we have merged. Under such circumstances, we would request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Website Privacy Policy. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Website Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations We may also use or disclose PII if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Sites; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Sites or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the Sites or the public.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information We may disclose your non-PII in any other manner that we deem appropriate. Among other things, we will disclose non-PII to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and how we can improve our Sites. We will also disclose non-PII to our service providers and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites.
What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personally Identifiable Information Secure?
We are concerned about ensuring the security of your PII and take certain security measures, such as the encryption of certain transmissions, to help protect such information.  Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your PII once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Your Obligations to Keep Your Access Rights Secure
You promise to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our Sites and (b) maintain and promptly update your information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you create an account through the Site, you are solely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your username and password and you are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.
Public Areas, Interactive Features and Activities
Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as social sharing feature, is public and anyone may take and use that information. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any information that you expect to keep private. Please consult the applicable guidelines, if any, for use of these features. Hawaii Pacific Health cannot control who views information that you post in public areas of the Sites and is not responsible for how third parties may use or disclose information that you post in public areas of the Sites.
When we run a contest, sweepstakes or game relating to our Sites, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this Website Privacy Policy.  In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, PII will be collected if you voluntarily submit it.
Governing Law
These Sites are published in the United States and are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Hawaii without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. By using our Sites you agree that any legal action or proceeding between you and Hawaii Pacific Health related to this Website Privacy Notice shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction located in Honolulu, Hawaii and you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. Our Sites directed to individuals located in Hawaii, United States and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are uncertain whether this Website Privacy Policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your PII to Hawaii Pacific Health.
Opt-Out Provisions
You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and e-mail newsletters from Hawaii Pacific Health. We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving these communications from us by selecting the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our email message. Please note that opting out will not stop you receiving other transactional and service related email messages from Hawaii Pacific Health.
You also have the right to decide whether your information is shared through the CareEverywhere network. You may opt-out of sharing your information or require your consent be obtained for each release of your information from our CareEverywhere page.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
If you have an account with Hawaii Pacific Health or the Site(s), you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your profile. You will not be permitted to examine the PII of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with PII to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete PII if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
Hawaii Pacific Health | 55 Merchant Street, Honolulu, HI 96813
KAPIOLANI MATERNITY MOBILE APPLICATION
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
THESE ARE THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THIS APPLICATION. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS APPLICATION, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT WITH HAWAII PACIFIC HEALTH AND KAPIOLANI MEDICAL CENTER FOR WOMEN & CHILDREN BASED ON THESE TERMS.
Introduction
The Hawaii Pacific Health and Kapiolani Medical Center for Women & Children website, and the information, content, products and services it makes available, including any mobile applications (which are collectively referred to herein as the "Website"), is provided to you by Hawaii Pacific Health and Kapiolani Medical Center for Women & Children, both Hawaii nonprofit companies with principal offices in Honolulu, Hawaii (collectively referred to herein as “HPH”). These Terms of Use (this "Agreement") set forth the terms and conditions governing your use of the Website.
Modifications to this Agreement
HPH may make changes to this Agreement from time to time in its sole discretion, by updating this posting on the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of a new version of the Agreement constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Accordingly, whenever you visit this Website you should check to see if a new version of the Agreement has been posted.
Website Intended Audience
This Website is operated by HPH from its offices in the United States. This Website is directed to adults in the United States and is not intended for children under the age of thirteen.
Privacy
Other than the information you provide when you create an account via the mobile application and general information regarding your use of the Website, HPH does not collect any personally identifiable information through the mobile application, nor is the mobile application linked in any way to your electronic health record. The information you provide when you create an account will be kept confidential and is intended solely to provide you with a personalized experience via the application. Such information may also be anonymously aggregated with that of other users and used by HPH for data analysis purposes. The information, reminders or notes that you enter into the application is only visible to you and will not be accessed by HPH.
We describe our current practices related to personally identifiable information collected through the Website in our Privacy Policy and we may update our policies and practices from time to time at our sole discretion.
Push Notifications
By using the Website and mobile application, you consent to receive occasional push notifications via the application relative to an upcoming health screening, car seat installation or other types of events and/or classes.
Your Use of Content and Information -- Disclaimer with Respect to Content
A variety of information, advice, recommendations, resources, messages, posts, text, graphics, photographs, videos, data, tools, and other materials ("Content") is or may become available on the Website. All of the Content is provided by HPH or its suppliers. While HPH strives to keep the Content that it posts on the Website accurate, complete, and up-to-date, HPH cannot guarantee, and is not responsible for, the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any Content.
THE CONTENT AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT SUCH CONTENT IS INTENDED SOLELY AS A GENERAL EDUCATIONAL AID. IT IS NOT INTENDED AS MEDICAL OR HEALTHCARE ADVICE SPECIFIC TO YOU AS THE USER, OR TO BE USED FOR MEDICAL DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT, FOR ANY INDIVIDUAL PROBLEM OR CONCERN. IT IS ALSO NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OR SERVICES FROM A QUALIFIED HEALTHCARE PROVIDER FAMILIAR WITH YOU AND YOUR CONDITION AND/OR UNIQUE FACTS. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTHCARE PROVIDER REGARDING ANY MEDICAL CONDITION AND BEFORE STARTING ANY NEW TREATMENT.
Ownership and Intellectual Property Rights
Ownership
The Website is owned by HPH. All right to, title to, and interest in the Content available via the Website, the Websites look and feel, the designs, trademarks, service marks, and trade names displayed on the Website, and the Website URLs, are the property of HPH or its licensors, and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, or other proprietary rights and laws.
License to Use Content
HPH grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to view Content retrieved from the Website and to share your mobile application content via Facebook via the application only for your personal, noncommercial use. You may not use any Content available via the Website in any other manner or for any other purpose without the prior written permission of HPH. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are expressly reserved to HPH.
Trademark Notices
All trademarks, service marks, logos and designs used on this Website, whether registered or unregistered, are owned by HPH or other third parties. You may not use or display any trademarks, service marks, logos or designs owned by HPH or its affiliates without prior written consent.
Disclaimer of Warranties With Respect to Website
THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. HPH AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
HPH AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED. HPH AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE.
Limitations of Liability
HPH AND ITS AFFILIATES ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONSEQUENCE RELATING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO ANY ACTION OR INACTION YOU TAKE BASED ON THE CONTENT AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE. YOU MUST EVALUATE, AND BEAR ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH, THE USE OF ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING ANY RELIANCE ON THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF SUCH CONTENT.
ADDITIONALLY, IN NO EVENT WILL HPH OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER SUCH DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM (1) THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE; (2) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, ITEMS, OR WEBSITES; (3) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; OR (4) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE WEBSITE. THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT HPH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless HPH, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates, from and against any and all liability, damages, losses, claims, expenses of any kind (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) directly or indirectly related to (1) your breach of the Agreement; or (2) the Content you submit, post, or transmit through the Website.
Modification or Suspension of the Website
HPH may at any time modify, discontinue, or suspend its operation of this Website, or any part thereof, temporarily or permanently, without notice to you.
Termination
Either party may terminate the Agreement for any or no cause, at any time, by notice, which shall be effective immediately or as specified in the notice. After termination, you shall no longer access the Website. The provisions of this Agreement which by their intent or meaning are intended to survive such termination shall continue to apply indefinitely.
Severability of Agreement
If any provision of the Agreement is found by a court or other binding authority to be invalid, you agree that every attempt shall be made to give effect to the parties intentions as reflected in that provision, and the remaining provisions contained in the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Applicable Law
This Agreement and the resolution of any dispute related to this Agreement or the Website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Hawaii without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any legal action or proceeding between HPH and you related to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States, and you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
Service Call Out
1 877 709 WELL (9355) Available 24 hours a day