http://www.hairrestorationnetwork.com/terms/
Jump to content
Community Home
Daily Content
Home
Registration Terms
Notice to all users:
The publishers and editors of this web site are former hair loss sufferers and not medical professionals. Medical questions should be directed to qualified medical professionals.
No information provided on this site constitutes a warranty of any kind; nor shall visitors to the site rely solely on any such information or advice.
Considering the real-time nature of our web sites, it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this community or any entity associated with or sponsoring this community.
Carefully read the following legal agreement before using this web site(s). If you do not agree to these terms of use, please disconnect from and do not use this Web site.
Notice - The images and photos on this Web Site contain embedded watermarks that are tracked online by Digimarc.
The following network of hair restoration web sites are owned and operated by Media Visions, Inc. ("Media Visions"): www.hairtransplantnetwork.com, www.hair-restoration-info.com, regrowhair.com, www.hair-loss-info.com, www.hairlosslearningcenter.org and www.hairrestorationnetwork.com. During your visit to any of Media Visions’ web sites, you may be redirected to another Media Visions web site. Collectively, these web sites are referred to throughout these Terms of Use as "the Web Sites" or "the Sites." These Terms of Use apply to your use of any of the Web Sites.
By using the Web Sites, you agree that these Terms of Use create a legally binding agreement between you and Media Visions. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use the Web Sites. These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by Media Visions.
Media Visions reserves the right, at any time, to modify, amend, alter or update these Terms of Use with or without notice. By continuing to use the Web Sites following such modifications, amendments, alterations or updates, you agree to be bound by such modifications, amendments, alterations or updates. Therefore, you should periodically visit this page to review our most current Terms of Use.
Access to the Web Sites
By using our Web Sites, you certify you are 18 years of age or older. If you are not 18 years old or older, you are not authorized to use our Web Site.
These Terms of Use apply to all pages within the Web Sites, whether they are accessible to the general public or they are restricted pages, which may only be visited by those with proper authorization, as evidenced by their use of valid member identifications and passwords. For example, you are required to register if you wish to post a comment or upload a video or image, or view certain other content. If you become a Registered Member of the Web Sites, you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Registration Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and you agree not to allow any other person access your account or password. In the event that you believe the secrecy of your account credentials has been compromised, you agree to contact Media Visions immediately and to take steps to change your credentials to minimize the risk of any or further unauthorized access to your account. You agree to provide true, accurate, complete, and correct information at the time of registration, and to promptly update this information as needed so that it remains true, accurate, complete and correct. You agree to establish only one Registration Account and to use one username when posting on our Web Sites. Providing any untruthful or inaccurate information, allowing any other person to use your account and password to access any of the Sites, and/or posting under multiple usernames or aliases, constitutes a breach of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to terminate your access and use of the Web Sites if you provide untruthful or inaccurate information or if more than one individual accesses the Web Sites using any single Registration Account.
Privacy Policy
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Media Visions and/or the Web Sites may preserve and disclose your Registration Account information and the contents and/or records of your online communications and/or activities if required to do so by law, or in good faith belief that preservation and/or disclosure is reasonably necessary for the following purposes: (1) to comply with legal process, such as a court order, search warrant, or subpoena; (2) to enforce the terms of this Terms of Use; (3) to render service you request; (4) to protect the rights or property of Media Visions, the Web Sites, their other users, and their third party suppliers and licensors, including but not limited to, to defend Media Visions, its agents, employees, successors, and assigns, the Sites, whether in litigation or not; or (5) in circumstances that we deem, in our sole discretion, to pose a threat to the safety of you or others.
No Medical Advice
The publishers and editors of the Web Sites are former hair loss sufferers and not medical professionals. Our Web Sites and their contents are for your personal, non-commercial use. Any content contained on the Web Sites should not be used to determine treatment for a specific medical condition without consulting your qualified health care provider. The content on the Web Sites is not intended to be, nor should you treat it as, a substitute for proper medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. The information and content on the Web Sites should not be considered complete, nor should you rely upon such information to suggest a course of treatment or as a substitute for advice from a qualified health professional who is familiar with your particular medical needs. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking it because of something you read on the Web Sites. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 9-1-1 immediately.
Comments, suggestions or information offered by physicians on the Web Sites are intended to be for general education and do not constitute medical advice or take the place of an actual in person medical consultation.
No Warranties
The Sites are provided as an educational resource. They do not take the place of a medical consultation with a qualified hair restoration physician. The physicians suggested on our Web Sites are to the best of our knowledge quality hair restoration physicians. However, Media Visions cannot vouch for these physicians, their experience, their credentials or the quality of their care. Please visit http://www.hairtransplantnetwork.com/Consult-a-Physician/our-criteria.htm for more information on how we identify the hair restoration physicians who are listed on our Web Sites.
Web Site visitors are expected to do their own due diligence and research in selecting a physician and/or treatments. Media Visions and the Web Sites, and their employees, our partners, affiliates, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants make no warranties or guarantees, express or implied, as to the results or quality of care provided by the physicians or treatments presented on these Web Sites. We expressly disclaim any liability arising from consultation with, or treatment from, any of the physicians and their clinics presented on these Sites.
User Submissions
Some portions of our Web Sites provide you an opportunity to make submissions, to offer comments or to post or exchange messages, ideas, notes, suggestions, photographs, videos, questions, information or materials with Media Visions or one another (collectively, "User Submissions").
Posting Rules:
Any decisions as to whether any User Submissions violate any Posting Rule will be made by the Web Sites in their sole discretion and after they have actual notice of such posting. When you provide User Submissions, you agree to the following Posting Rules:
You will not provide a User Submission that:
fails to divulge in your posting signature any compensation, monetary or otherwise, that you are, may, or will receive from any physician, company, establishment, or other persons in any post that promotes or advocates that physician, or any particular procedure or treatment.
contains links or references to websites or resources of a promotional nature that are outside our network of websites and resources.
contains the image of any person under the age of 18, without the express permission of the minor’s parent or legal guardian.
contains the image of any person, without that person’s express permission.
contains copyrighted or other proprietary material of any kind without the express permission of the owner of that material.
violates any right of the Web Sites or any third party.
discriminates or promotes discrimination on the grounds of race, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation or disability, or refers to such matters in any manner prohibited by law.
violates or encourages the violation of any municipal, state, federal or international law, rule, regulation or ordinance.
interferes with any third party's uninterrupted use of the Web Sites.
advertises, promotes or offers to trade any goods or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purpose or with express written permission of Media Visions.
uses or attempts to use another's Registration Account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted by the Terms of Use.
uses or attempts to use an alter-identity, secondary username, or alias to attack or harass community members.
uploads or transmits viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files, material or code.
disrupts, interferes with, or otherwise harms or violates the security of the Sites, or any services, system resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Sites or affiliated or linked sites.
"flames" any individual or entity (e.g., sends repeated messages related to another user and/or makes derogatory or offensive comments about another individual), or repeats prior posting of the same message under multiple threads or subjects.
WARNING: A VIOLATION OF THESE POSTING RULES MAY BE REFERRED TO LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
Screening and Removal:
You acknowledge that Media Visions, the Web Sites and/or their designees may or may not pre-screen or screen User Submissions, and shall have the right (but not the obligation), in their sole discretion, to move, remove, delete, block, or refuse any User Submission for any reason, including without limitation that such User Submission violates these Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable.
Representations and Warranties:
You represent and warrant that for each and every User Submission you make: (1) you own or otherwise have all necessary rights to the content or other material you include in such User Submission and the rights to include such content or material in your User Submission under these Terms of Use; (2) the content or other material will not cause injury to any person or entity. Using a name other than your own legal name in association with providing a User Submission is prohibited (except in those specific areas of the Web Sites that specifically ask for unique, fictitious names, although the registration information associated with that unique, fictitious name must be true and accurate).
License:
We welcome your User Submissions on our Web Sites. However, for any User Submissions you post, upload, or otherwise make available ("Provide") to the Web Sites, you grant Media Visions, Inc., its affiliates and related entities, including the Web Sites and their affiliated newsletters, web sites, and other media, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive right to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, publicly display, make minor modifications that do not substantively alter submissions, adapt, translate, archive, store such User Submissions, in any form, format, or medium, of any kind now known or later developed. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, you authorize Media Visions to share the User Submission across all Web Sites and other media affiliated with Media Visions, to include the User Submission in a searchable format accessible by users of the Web Sites, to place advertisements in close proximity to such User Submission, and to use your name, likeness and any other information in connection with its use of the User Submissions you provide. All rights in this paragraph are granted without the need for additional compensation of any sort to you.
Assumption of Risk:
Media Visions and the Web Sites cannot and do not monitor or manage all User Submissions, and do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of User Submissions All User Submissions provided to the Web Sites are the sole responsibility of the persons who provided them. This means that you are entirely responsible for all User Submissions that you provide.
To protect your safety, please use your best judgment when using the Web Site forums. We discourage divulging personal phone numbers and addresses or other information that can be used to identify or locate you. You acknowledge and agree that if you make such disclosures either through posting on any bulletin board, forum, blogspace, message or chat area, or uploading text, images, audio files or other audio-visual content, in classified advertising you place or in other interactive areas, or to third parties in any communication, you do so fully understanding that such information could be used to identify you.
Using the Web Sites
The Web Sites, which include the content, html, source and object code, trademarks, logos, and the like (collectively, "the Material"), with the exception of User Submissions as defined above, are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Media Visions, and/or its affiliated companies, licensors and suppliers, own the Material. By using our Web Sites, you acknowledge and agree that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. You may use the Material solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and you may download or print a single copy of any portion of the Material solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from such Material.
Trademarks
The trademarks Coalition of Independent Hair Restoration Physicians, the Hair Transplant Network, the Hair Restoration Discussion Forum, the Hair Restoration Social Network, hair-restoration-info.com, regrowhair.com, hairlosslearningcenter.org, hairtransplantnetwork.com, and hairrestorationnetwork.com are the trademarks of Media Visions. All other designs, graphics, logos, slogans, product names and service names are trademarks or service marks of Media Visions. All other trademarks not owned by Media Visions or its affiliates that appear on our Web Sites are the property of or are used under license from their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to or sponsored by Media Visions or its affiliates.
Linking to Our Sites
You may provide a hypertext link to our Web Sites on another web site, provided that: (a) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the names and trademarks of Media Visions or its affiliates, (b) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance that any person or entity other than Media Visions is associated with or sponsored by Media Visions or its affiliates, (c) the link, when activated by a user, must display our Web Sites on a full screen and not within a "frame" on the linking Web Site, (d) you do not directly or indirectly cause any portion of the Web Sites to appear on a user's computer screen with any material (e.g., URL, text, graphics, pop-up window, audio, or other) supplied by or associated with you or any third party. Media Visions and its affiliates reserve the right to revoke consent to link at any time in their sole and absolute discretion by amending these Terms of Use or providing notice to the operator of a web site containing the link. You agree that all other hypertext links to our Web Sites must be expressly approved in advance, in writing, by Media Visions.
All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Media Visions and/or its affiliated companies, licensors and suppliers. Any other use of our Web Sites or their contents – without our written permission – is strictly prohibited.
Conduct
Any conduct by you that, in our sole discretion, restricts, inhibits or interferes with the ability of any other person to use or enjoy our Web Sites will not be permitted. Our Web Site may only be used for lawful purposes. These Terms of Use also mandate that robots, spiders, Web crawlers, Webants, worms, wanderers, Web agents and other "bots" that visit our Web Sites are Standard for Robot Exclusion (SRE) -compliant robots ("robots"). You agree not to access our Web Sites by any means other than through the interface that is provided by us for use in accessing our Web Sites. You agree not to access or use these Sites in order to collect information about Site visitors or registered users of the Sites. You agree not to "troll" our Web Sites or to provide User Submissions under more than one user name. We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to and use of the Web Sites, without notice, if we believe, at our sole discretion, that they are in violation of these Terms of Use, they are in violation of any applicable law, or that they are harmful to our interests or the interests (including intellectual property or other rights) of another user or third party. You agree and understand that if your use of the Web Sites violates the Terms of Use, we may reprimand and/or warn you publicly or privately, at our discretion. You expressly acknowledge that a public reprimand may be made to inform users that your conduct violates the Terms of Use and to protect the integrity of the Web Sites and you expressly consent to the publication of any such reprimand and/or warning in accordance with these Terms of Use. Upon any termination of the Terms of Use by either you or Media Visions, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Web Sites, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the Terms of Use or otherwise. Media Visions' right to any User Submissions shall survive any termination of these Terms of Use.
Site Security
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of our Web Sites, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, by submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail-bombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Media Visions will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Web Sites or any activity being conducted on the Web Sites. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Web Sites other than the search engine and search agents available from Media Visions on the Web Sites and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, FireFox, Firebug).
Monitoring
Media Visions reserves the right, but not the obligation, to monitor areas of our Web Sites electronically. Media Visions further reserves the right to disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind if we are required to do so by any law, regulation, or court order, or if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Web Sites or to protect Media Visions' rights or property, or the rights of the other Web Site users, or our partners, affiliates, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants. In the event that Media Visions is advised of the existence of potentially defamatory, infringing or illegal content, Media Visions may investigate such claims and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove such content from our Web Sites.
External Links
During your visit to the Web Sites, you may link to, or view as part of a frame, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Because the Web Sites have no control over third party sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the Web Sites are not responsible for the availability of external sites or resources, nor for the content, actions, or policies of those sites. Information you provide on such sites, including personal information and transactional information, is subject to the terms of service of those sites.
Notice of Intellectual Property Infringement
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, it is the policy of the Web Sites, in appropriate circumstances, to terminate the Registration Account of a Member who is deemed to infringe third party intellectual property rights or to remove a User Submission(s) that is deemed to be infringing. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is displayed on the Web Sites, please provide substantially the following information to our Copyright Agent (please consult your legal counsel or see 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(3) to confirm these requirements):
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of your copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material you claim is infringing is located on the Site (providing us with the website URL is the quickest way to help us locate content quickly);
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
The Web Sites' copyright agent can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent:
Bill Seemiller
Media Visions, Inc.
53 Cartlane Circle
Chalfont, PA 18914
Email – copyright@HairTransplantNetwork.com Telephone – 954-558-0579 Fax – 352-327-7569
Please note that the above contact information is for intellectual property infringement notices only. DO NOT CONTACT THE SITES' COPYRIGHT AGENT FOR OTHER INQUIRIES OR QUESTIONS. For other inquiries or questions, please use the information listed in the Contact Us section below. Please also note that, pursuant to Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
Counter-Notification for Intellectual Property Infringement:
If you elect to send us a counter-notice in response to a notice of intellectual property infringement, to be effective it must be a written communication provided to the Web Sites' designated Copyright Agent (see above for contact information) that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see 17 U.S.C. Section 512(g)(3) to confirm these requirements):
an electronic or physical signature of the registered user;
a description of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled (providing us with a website URL is the quickest way to help us locate content quickly);
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
a statement by you that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the Site may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of intellectual property infringement or an agent of such person.
Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.
General Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
While the Web Sites use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, we make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the content and assume no liability or responsibility for any error or omission in the content. The Web Sites do not represent or warrant that use of any content will not infringe rights of third parties. The Web Sites have no responsibility for actions of third parties or for content provided by others, including User Submissions.
USE OF THE WEB SITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." NEITHER MEDIA VISIONS, THE WEB SITES, NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATED OR RELATED COMPANIES, NOR ANY OF THE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SPONSORS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS OF ANY OF THEM, MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SITES, THE CONTENT, ANY ADVERTISING MATERIAL, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITES, AND/OR THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SITES OR SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES. ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THE SITES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE, ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. THE SITES AND THEIR AFFILIATES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR CONTENT POSTED BY THIRD PARTIES, ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, OR FOR ANY DAMAGE TO, OR VIRUS THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY.
THE WEB SITES CONTAIN FACTS, VIEWS, OPINIONS, STATEMENTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. THE SITES DO NOT REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY, CURRENTNESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITES. ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT OR INFORMATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SITES OR THEIR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SPONSORS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATED TO UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, THE CONTENT OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SITES OR THEIR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT FOR DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF $100.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH OUR WEB SITES OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SITES, OR WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING OUR WEB SITES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF OUR WEB SITES, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Web Sites and Media Visions, each of their parent and affiliated companies, and each of their respective partners, suppliers, sponsors, licensors, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, representatives, contractors and agents, and sub-licensees from any and all claims (including but not limited to claims for defamation, trade disparagement, privacy and intellectual property infringement) and damages (including attorneys' fees and court costs) arising from or relating to any allegation regarding: (1) your use of the Web Sites; (2) the Web Sites’ and Media Visions’ use of any User Submission or information you provide, as long as such use is not inconsistent with these Terms of Use; (3) information or material provided through your Registration Account, even if not posted by you; and (4) any violation of these Terms of Use by you.
International Users
The Web Sites are controlled, operated and administered by Media Visions from its offices within the United States. The Web Sites make no representation that materials or content available through the Web Sites are appropriate or available for use outside the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the Web Sites or export their content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access the Web Sites from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
Discontinuation of Service
The Web Sites may modify, suspend, discontinue or restrict the use of any portion of the Web Sites, including the availability of any portion of the content at any time, without notice or liability. The Web Sites may deny access to any Registered Member or other user at any time for any reason. In addition, Media Visions or the Web Sites may at any time transfer all or some of their rights and/or obligations under these Terms of Use to any affiliate, subsidiary or business unit, or any of their affiliated companies or divisions, or any entity that acquires Media Visions, the Web Sites or any of their assets.
Choice of Law
These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. You hereby agree that any cause of action you may have with respect to the Sites must be filed in Broward County, Florida and you consent to the mandatory and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of competent jurisdiction located in Broward County, Florida.
Statute of Limitations
You agree to file any claim regarding any aspect of these Web Sites or these Terms of Use within six months of the time in which the events giving rise to such claim began, or you agree to waive such claim.
No Class Actions
You agree no claim subject to these Terms of Use may be brought as a class action.
Severability
If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use is found unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties as reflected in that provision, and the remainder of the Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect.
No Waiver
Any failure of Media Visions or the Web Sites to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms of Use or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Section Titles
The section titles used in these Terms of Use are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Survival
In the event of termination of these Terms of Use for any reason, you agree the following provisions will survive: (a) the sections entitled "No Medical Advice," "No Warranties," "Trademarks," "Privacy Policy," "General Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability," "Choice of Law," Statute of Limitations, and "No Class Action," (b) the subsections entitled "User Representations and Warranties" and "License" (within the "User Submissions" section, (c) any other provisions in the Terms of Use regarding limitations on your use of content, the license(s) you have granted to the Web Sites, the provisions regarding indemnification by you, and (d) all other provisions for which survival is equitable or appropriate.
Conflicts
In the case of a conflict between these terms and the terms of any electronic or machine readable statement or policy, these Terms of Use shall control.
Contact Us
To contact the Sites, please use the following address:
Media Visions, Inc.
14260 W. Newberry Road #355
Newberry, FL 32669-2765
Daily Content
Home
© 2001 - 2020 Media Visions, Inc
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
Hair Transplant Photos
Blogs
Online Users
All Members
Top Members
Activity
Back
All Activity
My Activity Streams
Back
Daily Content
Today's Posts
Search
Contact Us
Advanced Search
×
Create New...