http://www.pdsa.org/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use.html
This website is owned and operated by or on behalf of the Platelet Disorder Support Association (PDSA). We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. The Platelet Disorder Support Association values its relationship with patients, families, supporters, and medical professionals. We are careful to protect that relationship by respecting your privacy and the information you share with us.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Platelet Disorder Support Association 8751 Brecksville Rd., Suite 150 Cleveland, OH 44141
Toll free: 1-87-PLATELET
Or email us at pdsa@pdsa.org
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for the Platelet Disorder Support Association’s websites. The “Site” encompasses the websites pdsa.org, itpwalk.org and other sites owned and controlled by PDSA, and all associated PDSA web pages, including without limitation all content, materials, information, policies, modifications, updates, enhancements, revisions, new features, and or new web properties of such pages, along with all Site services (including Partner Services) provided through such websites and web pages. The purpose of the Site is to help address the unique needs of the platelet disorder community and to enable individuals within this community to connect with their peers and receive relevant information on managing their disease.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing  We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via website, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us, or send you PDSA updates and news. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, or if you have agreed to participate in a research study or survey.  By providing such personal information, you agree to such uses.
Your Access to and Control Over Information  You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security  We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Other InformationConsent to Receive Notices Via the Site. By submitting any personally identifiable information to the Site, you are agreeing that PDSA may deliver all privacy and opt out notices to you electronically, including via email to the most recent email address you have provided to PDSA. By using the Site, you are agreeing that PDSA may deliver all privacy and opt out notices to you via posting on the Site.
Links. The Site may contain links to third party sites at which your personally identifiable information is collected and used. Your visit to any third party website is governed by the privacy and other policies applicable to that site. PDSA cannot control nor is it responsible for any such third party collection or use of your personally identifiable information or the content or policies of such sites, and PDSA expressly disclaims any liability related to such sites.
Web Logs and Other Forums. The Site may offer web logs, web postings, bulletin boards, chat rooms, newsgroups or other forums which permit users to interact online. Any information you transmit or post online in such forums will be made public and PDSA cannot control nor is it responsible for the use any third party may make of such information.
Terms of UsePlease read the following terms and conditions carefully. By using and accessing the Site, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT MODIFICATION, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or you do not meet any eligibility requirements established by PDSA for use of and access to the Site, you may not access, view, obtain goods or services from, or otherwise use the Site. You acknowledge that you are 13 years of age or older, and, if under the age of 18, are using this Web site under the supervision of a parent, legal guardian, or other responsible adult. Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to visit or otherwise use the Site. You agree that you are a patient with a platelet disorder or a parent, partner, caregiver or family member of a patient. You agree to the terms and conditions of the PDSA Privacy Policy, which details the ways in which we and other parties might use personal information that belongs to you.
Site Use Restrictions on Use – You agree to use the Site only to post, send and receive messages, information and materials that are proper and related to the particular Site project database, forum, community, or other Site service you are using. You will not:
Post on or transmit to the Site any defamatory, libelous, obscene, bigoted, hateful, racially offensive, vulgar, harassing, inflammatory, pornographic, child pornographic, violent (meaning content that is excessively violent, incites violence or threatens violence), profane, threatening, unfair, inaccurate, deceptive or unlawful content or any content that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, whether under statute, common law or equitable principles, or otherwise violate any law.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer or of the Site server.
Advertise solicit or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, including without limitation promoting or encouraging the growth of a third party site, unless the Site service you are using specifically allows such actions.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of the Site that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, copyright notices or legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, or that is provided with Site materials or accessed through the Site.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, including without limitation Partner Terms, which may be applicable to any particular Site services.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their prior express written consent.
Post on, transmit to or upload from the Site any content that discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including activities that are intended to assist others in defeating technical copyright protections, or otherwise use the Site in any manner that endorses or promotes illegal activities.
Use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site.
Use the Site to access or use a third party site, including without limitation the site of a Partner, in a manner prohibited by the terms and conditions applicable to the access or use of such third party site.
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations or violate this Agreement.
Send any bulk commercial email, or send any unsolicited email to any party that has indicated that it does not wish to receive such email.
Access or attempt to access any other user’s account, or misrepresent or attempt to misrepresent your identity while using the Site.
Use the Site in any manner that could create a risk to a person’s safety or health, creates a risk to public safety or health, compromises national security, or interferes with an investigation by law enforcement.
Post on, transmit to or upload from the Site any content that violates another party’s privacy or infringes another party’s intellectual property, including, but not limited to, such party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other confidential or proprietary information. Examples of materials that may be covered by copyright include software, graphics, text, photographs, sound, video and musical recordings.
Use the Site in any manner that does not treat other users with respect, such as insulting another individual or posting discriminatory material aimed at an individual or a group of people based upon cultural background, gender, race, sexual orientation, religious beliefs or similar.
Post information about physicians, including rating or discussing individual physicians (finding a physician is a very personal decision; what might be a good fit for one person would not be good for another – if you would like PDSA to supply the names of doctors located in your area, please contact PDSA by calling 440-746-9003 or e-mailing pdsa@pdsa.org).
Disclaimers No Reliance or Medical Advice – The information contained on the Site is intended to provide broad consumer understanding of platelet disorders. The information should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit or consultation, or of otherwise securing the advice of your physician or other health care provider. You acknowledge that neither PDSA nor any Site users, while such users are participating in, accessing or otherwise using the Site, are engaged in rendering legal, medical, counseling, or other professional services or advice. We encourage you to seek appropriate professional advice from your physician or other health care professional promptly for any situation or problem that you may have. You should never disregard medical advice or delay seeking it because of something you have read on the Site.
Third Parties Linked Sites Disclaimer – The Site may contain links to third party web sites, including without limitation other web sites providing articles or RSS feeds (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of PDSA and PDSA is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Such links by the Site to sites maintained by third parties do not constitute an endorsement, guaranty, or warranty by PDSA, or any of its affiliates, of any third party or their content, nor the existence of a partnership, joint venture, agency, or other relationship between PDSA, or any of its affiliates, and any linked third party or their content. PDSA is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. PDSA is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply any association with its operators. You enter any Linked Site at your own risk, and should carefully review their terms of use, privacy statements and other conditions of use for such sites prior to using such sites.
Third Party Offer Disclaimer – By offering a number of third party products and services, including advertisements, on the Site, PDSA makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to the content or suitability of the subject matter of any web site, product or service from any such third party business or individual. PDSA expressly disclaims liability for direct, consequential, or incidental damages arising from the products, services, advertisements, actions, or web site content of these and any other third parties, and you waive any claims against PDSA for damages arising from such transactions or your reliance upon statements contained therein. You will not consider PDSA, nor will PDSA be construed as, a party to such transactions, whether or not we may have received some form of revenue or other remuneration in connection with the transaction. The merchants or other third parties operating such third party sites are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing, and customer service. You agree that use of such merchants is AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND BY US, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND/OR NONINFRINGEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES IS PDSA LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND MERCHANTS FOUND ON THE PDSA SITE OR FOR ANY INFORMATION APPEARING ON MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED FROM OR TO OUR SITE.
Indemnification You will indemnify, defend (or settle) and hold harmless the PDSA Entities from all claims, actions, proceedings, losses, settlements, judgments, liabilities, suits, damages, disputes or demands, including without limitation any proceeding, investigation or claim by a self-regulatory organization, state or federal securities agency or commission, and including reasonable attorneys fees and all other costs, fees, and expenses (collectively, “Claims”) against any of the PDSA Entities to the fullest extent permitted by law arising out of or in connection with (1) your use of the Site or any Posted Materials, including without limitation your use of any Partner Services, or the use by any third party of such materials through you, (2) any Posted Materials provided or made available by you, and (3) any breach by you of your obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation any breach of your representations and warranties herein or within any applicable Partner Terms. In connection with any Claims that may give rise to your indemnification obligations as set forth above, the PDSA Entities shall have the exclusive right, at their option, to defend, compromise and/or settle the suit, action or proceeding, and you shall be bound by the determination of any suit, action or proceeding so defended or any compromise or settlement so effected. The remedies provided in this Section are not exclusive of and do not limit any other remedies that may be available to the PDSA Entities pursuant to this Section.
Posted Materials License in Posted Materials – PDSA does not claim ownership of any of the Posted Materials. However, by posting, transmitting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting any Posted Materials, you are granting PDSA, its affiliated companies and sublicensees a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable and fully sublicenseable license in and to such Posted Materials. For example, we have the right to: copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, edit, translate, reformat and otherwise use Posted Materials, with or without attribution, and allow other Site users to do so as well, in all media known or hereafter developed. Where feasible, we will generally strive to include attribution provided by the poster in the event we post or use Posted Materials provided by such poster. You hereby waive all rights to any claim against PDSA for any alleged or actual infringements of any proprietary rights, rights of privacy and publicity, moral rights, and rights of attribution in connection with such Posted Materials.
Feedback – If you provide PDSA with Posted Materials such as comments, bug reports, feedback or modifications proposed by you to PDSA, the Site, or the goods and/or services provided through the Site (collectively, “Feedback”), then in addition to the license granted in all Posted Materials, PDSA will have the right to use such Feedback at PDSA’s discretion, including but not limited to incorporating such Feedback into the Site and the right to assign, license or otherwise use such Feedback. You hereby give PDSA a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license under all rights necessary to incorporate such Feedback and use such Feedback for any purpose.
No Compensation – No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Posted Materials, as provided herein. PDSA is under no obligation to post or use any Posted Materials you may provide and may remove any Posted Materials at any time and for any reason (or no reason) in PDSA’s sole discretion.
User Representations and Warranties – By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Posted Materials, you (1) acknowledge that the Site is open to the public and therefore PDSA cannot control who will access Posted Materials, or the use that any third party will make of any such materials, (2) represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Posted Materials necessary to grant the licenses granted in this Section (Posted Materials), including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Posted Materials, whether such right is established through direct ownership, express authorization of the copyright owner of the Posted Materials, or otherwise under law, (3) represent and warrant that your posting of the Posted Materials does not and will not violate or infringe any third party right, including but not limited to any third party intellectual property right, right of publicity or privacy, or contractual right, (4) agree that PDSA shall not be liable to you or any third party for not accepting your Posted Materials for inclusion on the Site or for removing your Posted Materials, in whole or in part, from the Site, (5) agree that PDSA shall not be liable to you or any third party for any consequence, including but not limited to any harm or damage, that may arise from the inclusion of your Posted Materials on the Site, including but not limited to any harm or damage that may result from the use by any third party of your Posted Materials in any manner, and (6) represent and warrant that you agree to be bound by and follow any Partner Terms applicable to any Partner Services that you use, and that you will only use such Partner Services if you comply with any eligibility requirements for use of such Partner Services that may be established by PDSA or its respective Partners.
Your Responsibility for Posted Materials and PDSA’s Monitoring Rights – You will be responsible for your own Posted Materials and the consequences of posting or otherwise transmitting those Posted Materials. PDSA does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, privacy, security, or reliability of any Posted Materials posted or otherwise transmitted by Site users or endorse any opinions expressed by such users. PDSA has no obligation to monitor you or any other user’s use of the Site. PDSA reserves the right to review and monitor your use of the Site, including without limitation your use of any user ID and/or password in accessing the Site and any materials posted to or revised on the Site, and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. PDSA reserves the right to restrict or terminate your access to the Site, including, without limitation, your access to any or all of the services provided thereunder or your ability to use any Site user ID and/or password, at any time without notice if we believe you have violated this Agreement or are likely to violate this Agreement. Your sole remedy against PDSA in the event of a dispute arising out of this Agreement, the Site or your use thereof, is to terminate this Agreement by ceasing your use of the Site. In the event of termination of this Agreement, PDSA may delete and/or store, in its discretion, data associated with your use of the Site. PDSA may also change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time, including the availability of any Site feature, database, or content.
Your Account Confidentiality of Account and Password – You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer. You accept full responsibility and liability for all activities that occur under your account or password. PDSA reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove content in its sole discretion. For certain services made available by PDSA through this Site (“PDSA Services”), you may be required to register; as part of the registration process, you must select a user name, and in some cases you maybe required to agree to specific additional terms and conditions associated with the PDSA Services you wish to access. The information that you supply during any registration process must be accurate and complete and you agree to not (1) register under the name of another person, (2) choose a user name that PDSA deems offensive, or (3) choose a user name for the purposes of deceiving or misleading forums members and/or staff as to your true identity. You agree to not impersonate any other person, including any other PDSA forum member, any PDSA forum host or any PDSA staff.
Notification of Unauthorized Use/Ceasing Access – You shall notify PDSA immediately of any unauthorized use or threat of unauthorized use of your account or the Site or of any other breach or potential breach of security known to you with respect to your account or the Site, including without limitation any loss or compromise of any password, and will cooperate with PDSA in every reasonable way to help PDSA prevent the further unauthorized use, threat of unauthorized use, disclosure or threat of disclosure regarding the Site, your account and/or your password. You agree that immediately upon termination of your right to use the Site, or upon any earlier demand by PDSA at any time, you will cease all access and/or use of the Site, and will not attempt to access and/or use the Site.
Copyright and Other Intellectual Property Site Ownership -The Site and all content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion, and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights pursuant to international conventions and U.S. and other copyright laws. The Site and all Site content is the property of PDSA and/or third party licensors, including users posting Posted Materials, and all right, title and interest in and to the Site and Site content will remain with PDSA or such third party licensors. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. The Site, including all Site content, is only for your personal, non-commercial use. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document, or other materials viewed through or posted on the Site. The posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials. You will abide by any and all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any content on the Site. Any copying, republication, or redistribution of Site content, including by caching, framing, or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PDSA and/or the respective intellectual property rights holder identified in the subject content.
Copyright Infringement Claims – PDSA respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects our users to do the same. The policy of PDSA is to terminate the accounts of repeat copyright offenders and other users who infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide PDSA with the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), 17 U.S.C. § 512: (1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (4) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party; (5) a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (6) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and (7) any other materials or information as may be required by the DMCA as amended from time to time.
Last Updated on April 25, 2016
back to top
Donate
make a one-time donation start your monthly gift today donate in honor of someonedonate in memory of someonedonate to the research programdonate to the pdsa college scholarship programwhy your donation mattersother ways to donate
About PDSA
leadershipstaff board of directors medical advisory board financials contact us
Stay Informed
sign-up on pdsa.org newsroom pdsa e-news general itp faq
IMPORTANT!
The Platelet Disorder Support Association does not provide medical advice or endorse any medication, vitamins or herbs.
The information contained herein is not intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice and is provided for educational purposes only.
Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare provider before starting any new treatment, discontinuing an existing treatment and to discuss any questions you may have regarding your unique medical condition.
Platelet Disorder Support Association8751 Brecksville Road, Suite 150, Cleveland, Ohio 44141Phone: 1-87-PLATELET | 877-528-3538 (toll free) | or 440-746-9003E-mail: pdsa@pdsa.org
© Copyright 1997 - 2020, Platelet Disorder Support Association. All rights reserved. The Platelet Disorder Support Association is a 501(c)3 organization and donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
PDSA Log In/Out
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
HomeMission
Who We AreWhat We DoWhy We Need Your HelpOur HistoryPatients + Caregivers
Disease InformationCOVID-19 + ITPNewly DiagnosedUnderstanding Your DiagnosisITP in AdultsITP in Children + TeensPregnancy + ITPFamily Link to ITPLiving with ITPTreating ITPDiet + LifestyleGetting Quality CareClinical TrialsITP RegistryResearchOther Platelet DisordersSupport ResourcesPDSA Support GroupsDiscussion GroupITP ConferencePersonal StoriesPoke-R ClubAssistance ProgramsCollege Scholarship ProgramCaregiver SupportEducation ResourcesFree BookletsJournal Articles + GuidelinesVideo InsightsEarly Detection / PreventionImportant Outside InfluencesITP ConferenceSurveysHealthcare Professionals + Researchers
HCP ResourcesCOVID-19 + ITPPatient BookletsIntl. Consensus Report on ITPProfessional PDSA MembershipResearchITP Natural History Study RegistryNewsroom
PDSA NewsroomITP in the NewsPDSA e-NewsThe Platelet NewsVideo InsightsGive Back
Become a MemberOther Ways to GiveHost a FundraiserITP Awareness + AdvocacyPDSA Support GroupsITP Awareness MonthSport Purple for Platelets DayGlobal ITP Awareness WeekEL-PFDD Voice of the PatientShop