http://www.lutheranhospital.org/about/website/privacy-security
CORONAVIRUS: DELAYS FOR ROUTINE SURGERIES, VISITOR RESTRICTIONS + COVID-19 TESTING.
Lutheran Hospital
Serving the needs of Downtown Cleveland and the surrounding neighborhoods of Ohio City, Tremont and Gordon Square.
Lutheran Hospital
Our Doctors
Choose by name, specialty, city and more.
Find a Doctor
Getting to Lutheran
Download a map and driving directions.
Get Directions
Guest Services
Find out what we offer
See Guest Services
Call us at 216.696.4300
Lutheran Hospital
1730 West 25th Street
Cleveland, Ohio 44113
View Map
Visiting Hours
For our patients' safety and well-being, we have established visiting hours for various areas of the hospital. Before visiting, please review our visiting hour guidelines.
Why choose
Lutheran Hospital
We provide leading-edge treatments and advanced research and surgery, with specialties in: Orthopaedics and Spine, Behavioral Health and Chronic Wound Care.
Construction Notice for Lutheran Hospital
Construction Notice for Lutheran Hospital
Beginning February 24, 2020 Please be advised that construction will begin affecting Franklin Avenue from Fulton Road to West 25th Street. Construction will last approximately six weeks. Please allow extra travel time and use caution when visiting our facilities. Learn More About Affected Areas of the Hospital
Our Specialties
Our Specialties
Lutheran Hospital provides a full spectrum of specialties and programs to meet your medical needs.
View All Specialties
Sophisticated Technology and Advanced Medical Care in Your Area
Sophisticated Technology and Advanced Medical Care in Your Area
Lutheran Hospital is a 203-bed acute-care facility offering sophisticated technology and advanced medical care within an intimate and friendly environment. Our hospital provides leading-edge treatments and advanced research and surgery, with specialties in:
Orthopaedics and Spine
Behavioral Health
Chronic Wound Care
We are driven to be the absolute best healthcare providers, especially within our specialty areas.
Located in a vibrant and rejuvenated Ohio City, Lutheran Hospital is convenient to downtown, fine dining, shopping and sporting events. Lutheran Hospital’s smaller size allows for personal relationships that make our patients and fellow employees feel like family and friends. Lutheran Hospital’s high patient satisfaction scores reflect the level to which our staff truly cares for our patients.
Among 124 community hospitals nationwide, Lutheran Hospital has placed No. 1, winning the Vizient Bernard A. Birnbaum, MD, Quality Leadership Award for excellence in delivering safe, patient-centered care that is timely, effective, efficient, and equitable. The Joint Commission, the leading accreditor of healthcare organizations in the United States, has also recognized Lutheran Hospital as a Top Performer on Key Quality Measures.
Learn More About Lutheran Hospital
Proud to be a Hospital on the Journey to Magnet Excellence®
Proud to be a Hospital on the Journey to Magnet Excellence®
Awarded by the American Nurses Credentialing Center This designation recognizes a health care organization’s commitment to creating and sustaining a culture of excellence. Learn More About Nursing
Patient & Visitor Resources
Accepted Insurance Plans
View our list of accepted insurance and contracted managed care plans at Cleveland Clinic.
Check Accepted Insurance
Visiting Lutheran Hospital
Find important information about visiting hours, identification, contacting a patient and more.
Plan Your Visit
Connect With Your Community
Get updates about Cleveland Clinic, find home remedies and know when to see a doctor.
Like Us on Facebook
Cleveland Clinic
News & More
Show More
Call Appointment Center 24/7
866.320.4573
Questions
216.444.2200
Request an Appointment
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Snapchat