https://www.ccalliance.org/privacy-policy
×
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Privacy Policy
TERMS and CONDITIONS
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Colorectal Cancer Alliance (hereinafter the Alliance or Colorectal Cancer Alliance). The Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and all other stated rules constitute a legally binding agreement between you and the Colorectal Cancer Alliance. These terms and conditions govern your use of this website and any other website launched by the Alliance from time to time as well as the tools, services, mobile application, social media, and any other digital platform or other service operated, used or provided by the Alliance (Sites).  By using the Sites, you agree to these Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy demonstrates our commitment to your privacy and explains how the Alliance collects, uses, shares and safeguards information you provide on the Sites.  By using the Sites, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.  Please read the full Terms and Conditions, which can be found here.  The Alliance reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time.
Privacy Policy
What information we collect and how we use that information
The Colorectal Cancer Alliance collects personally identifiable information from you or protected health information if you voluntarily choose to submit, provide us with permission or otherwise you or someone on your behalf has disclosed such information to us, including information submitted or disclosed by mail, telephone, fax, or electronically.
Such information we collect includes:
General information (e.g., names, home and business addresses, email addresses, Internet protocol addresses and mobile/landline business/personal telephone numbers, your organization and title and whether you are a member of the press).
Government-issued identification numbers (e.g., social security numbers, national identification numbers, and tax identification numbers), for example from employees, independent contractors, and funding sources.
Other identification information (e.g., photographs and audio during public performances).
Financial information (e.g., bank information).
Insurance information.
Health information.
The Alliance also collects information (whether online, by phone, or by paper) that does not directly identify you. The types of information we collect includes, but is not limited to:
Site usage (e.g., browsing history, search terms and number of clicks);
Products and services viewed, including advertisements for such products and services;
Computer type, operating system, and platform type;
Internet service provider; and
Your industry and business (e.g., company name, job title, and whether you are a member of the press).
The Alliance is committed to the protection of your information and will make reasonable efforts to ensure the confidentiality of your information, as required by applicable laws.
We will not market, sell, trade, or rent your information or share your information without your permission. This policy applies to all information received by Colorectal Cancer Alliance, both online and offline donations, as well as all donation types and methods. We will not send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
The following explains how the Alliance uses your information.
Provide service communications such as program registrations and customer service messages.
To complete or meet the needs for which the information was provided.
Provide products, information, and services.
Respond to your emails or online requests for products, services, or information.
Identify you when you visit our Sites.
Internal research and development purposes.
Provide public funding source information.
Process your information relative to cancer screenings.
Personalize and improve the usability of Alliance’s Sites, products and services.
Personalization of content, advertising, marketing, programs, and services to you.
Meet internal audit requirements.
Legal obligations.
The Alliance uses information to improve the usability of the Sites and for other business reasons. We or other third-party companies also use the information to provide advertisements and targeted advertisements to you (ads based on the information).
Protected Health Information
To the extent you provide the Alliance with protected health information, the use and disclosure will be pursuant to your permission and as allowed by privacy laws, to include the use and disclosure for treatment, payment, health care operations, for notification and other purposes, as required by law, judicial and administrative proceedings, law enforcement purposes, public health, research, and disclosure if de-identified and as a limited data set.  For purposes not described above, the Alliance will ask for authorization before using and disclosing protected health information.  If you provided authorization, you may revoke it, in writing, at any time, except to the extent that such action has been taken in reliance on the authorization.
Your Sharing Information
You may authorize another person (such as a family member or third-party) to access health-related information about you. You acknowledge and agree that you understand that when you give others access to your information, they can use, disclose, reproduce, distribute, share, display, and/or transmit that information, including communicating that information to the public. If you do not want others to have this ability, you should not provide others with access to your information.
Third-Party Data Sharing
We share your information, in a variety of ways including, but not limited to the below:
Share information with third parties to fulfill service requests and to perform business functions (e.g., the Alliance contracts with third parties to provide services on our behalf such as hosting services; packaging, mailing and delivering services; customer support and consulting services; and event registration services).
Share Information with third parties as required by law or to protect the Alliance in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on the Alliance; (b) protect and defend the Alliance’s rights or property; or (c) protect the personal safety of the Alliance personnel or members of the public in appropriate circumstances.
Share Information with third parties to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you professionally or personally. Users can request their information to be removed from such lists by using the information provided below.
Share Information with third parties under other unanticipated situations, but only with your consent.
Your email address will be used only by the Alliance and its agents and vendors performing services or products on the Alliance’s behalf.  The Alliance shares your email address with third parties to enable the Alliance to take security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information.  The Alliance shares email addresses with third parties as necessary for the Alliance to perform certain services on our behalf, such as packaging, mailing, and delivering products and processing event registrations and to respond to your service requests.
You can manage your email preferences, including “opting out” of email by contacting the Alliance as set forth below.  If you prefer to receive hard copy mailings only from the Alliance, you can contact us and request to have your name and address removed from the list we provide to third parties.
The Alliance reserves the right to use or disclose information where we reasonably believe it is needed to (i) respond to information requests by law enforcement or other governmental authorities; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena or other legal process, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud activity, or inappropriate, unauthorized, or illegal activity involving the Alliance services or networks; or (iv) enforce or protect the Alliance’s rights and property. In such circumstances, information may be disclosed without notice to the individual.
The Colorectal Cancer Alliance will only use your information to respond to your request for information or, if appropriate, to consider your request for consideration of employment with the Colorectal Cancer Alliance. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation. If you wish to change any information submitted to the Colorectal Cancer Alliance, or if you wish to opt out of our mailing list, please do so using the “Join our Mailing List” form on this site.
Monitoring, Enforcement and Legal Requests
The Colorectal Cancer Alliance has no obligation to monitor the Sites or the use of the Sites, or to retain the content of any user session. However, the Colorectal Cancer Alliance reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. We may use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to protect our service, Web site, clients, potential clients, or others.
Links Third-Party Sites
Our Sites may include links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by the Alliance, and the Alliance is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, the conduct of any linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.
The Alliance may provide links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by the Alliance of the website. You should read the privacy policy of the third-party provider to see how your information will be treated on its sites.
Information Shared on Third-Party Sites
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this policy only addresses the Colorectal Cancer Alliance’s use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose information to other sites, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of these other sites. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose any personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are small files used to send information from our Sites to your web browser. The Sites use session cookies, which are destroyed when a user closes the Internet browser, and permanent cookies, which remain on the user's hard drive until manually deleted by clearing the cache. Permanent cookies allow users to utilize the "remember me" feature to avoid having to log in to the sites after closing the previous Internet browser session. Cookies are also used in user analytics, and the user's personal identity is not tracked.  Cookie settings can be controlled in your Internet browser to reject some forms of cookies automatically.  If you view the Sites without changing your cookie settings, you are indicating your consent to receive all cookies from the Alliance’s Sites. If you do not allow cookies, some features and functionality of the Alliance’s Sites may not operate as expected.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from or market to children under the age of 13.
Transmission Errors or Unauthorized Acts
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, the Colorectal Cancer Alliance cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. The Colorectal Cancer Alliance will not be liable for disclosures of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once we receive your transmission, we do our best to ensure its security on our systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information.
Security
Our Sites’ donation, registration, form request, and ecommerce systems use SSL encryption to protect sensitive data transmissions from your computer to our Sites. You are able to see when the SSL encryption is active either by the “padlock” icon at the top or bottom of your browser. In certain areas, password protection is used to protect your privacy and security. Any information provided to the Colorectal Cancer Alliance is treated with care and discretion. The Colorectal Cancer Alliance will take a proactive approach to ensure the information is kept private and not misused.
Breach
You will be notified immediately, and pursuant to applicable laws, in the event of a breach of unsecured protected health information or personally identifiable information.
Data Retention and Destruction
The Alliance retains information only as long as needed to fulfill the purpose for which the information was collected unless a longer retention period is permitted by law.  In some jurisdictions, there are limits on how long we may retain your personal information. The Alliance disposes of information within a reasonable amount of time after it is no longer needed for business purposes by erasing electronic media so that the information cannot be read or reconstructed. If you have any questions about the retention periods for holding your personal information, please contact us.
Questions about the Privacy Policy
Your privacy and security are important to us all. We pursue a full-disclosure approach to responsibly care for the information you have entrusted with us, and we depend on information sharing as our principal means to best serve you. This is why we are committed to building a trusting relationship with you. We will continually monitor feedback and seek to improve our services to meet your needs. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of Sites, or your dealings with the Sites, or would like to provide comments, you can send us an e-mail using our “Join our Mailing List” form, or contact us by telephone at (202) 628-0123 or by regular mail to:
Colorectal Cancer Alliance
1025 Vermont Ave NW Suite 1066
Washington, DC 20005
Location of Information and Governing Law
The Alliance is headquartered in the United States in Washington, DC, and our services are hosted in and managed in the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and acknowledge having your information (which may include information collected through the use of cookies and other technologies, as described above) transferred, processed, and stored in the United States or in any other country in which we engage service providers or to which you direct us to transfer your Information.
In the event any of the Privacy Policy terms and conditions shall be held to be unenforceable, the remaining terms and conditions shall be unimpaired and the unenforceable term or condition shall be replaced by such enforceable term or condition as comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable term or condition. The Sites (excluding linked sites) are controlled by the Alliance from an office within the District of Columbia, United States of America. By accessing the Sites, you and the Alliance agree that all matters relating to the Sites shall be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to choice of law principles. You and the Alliance also agree that jurisdiction shall be in the District of Columbia.
Use of the Colorectal Cancer Alliance’s website or digital platform constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy and these Terms and Conditions.
Ways to join the fight
Whether participating in an Undy RunWalk, volunteering at an event or making a donation, your contribution helps in the fight to end colorectal cancer.
Get involved								arrow-straight
Donate towards finding a cure
Your gift helps fund the Colorectal Cancer Alliance mission and directly supports our life-saving work. Many thanks to you.
Donate today								arrow-straight
×
Subscribe to the Newsletter
×
Are you sure?
Clicking "Start Over" will empty your resources
drawer and take you back to the beginning of the
journey customizer. Would you like to continue?
Yes, Start Over
No, Cancel
×
Are you sure?
Clicking "Exit" will permanently close your resource drawer
for the rest of the session. If you would like to minimize
the drawer and access it from other pages, click the
symbol next to "MY RESOURCES".
Would you like
to permanently exit the drawer?
Yes, Exit
No, Cancel
×