http://www.princetonhcs.org/terms-of-use
UPDATED December 7: Updates related to COVID-19 and visitation
NEW VISITOR POLICY in effect as of November 25, 2020 — click here to view
See all Novel Coronavirus Information for Penn Medicine Patients.
Click here for an update regarding modified schedules for PMC inpatient & outpatient services and Princeton House Behavioral Health, last updated December 7.
Terms of Use
1.
Terms of Use Policy
Thank you for visiting Princeton Health's ("Princeton Health" or "we") website (the "Website") and reviewing our Terms of Use Policy ("Terms of Use"). By visiting this Website, you are accepting the terms and practices described in these Terms of Use, as well as the Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
Please note that these Terms of Use are subject to change without notice, and that they reflect Princeton Health's current practices.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, you can contact Princeton Health by mail at One Plainsboro Road, Plainsboro, NJ 08536, by phone at 1.800.442.5188 or by email at privacyofficer@princetonhcs.org.
2.
Not an Emergency Service; Not Medical Advice.
Even though you may be able to communicate with Princeton Health or certain of your providers through the Website, communications are not real-time.
The Website does not provide any medical services, including but not limited to emergency or urgent medical services.
PLEASE CALL 911 OR YOUR HEALTH CARE PROVIDER IF YOU BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE EXPERIENCING A MEDICAL EMERGENCY OR IF YOU ARE EXPERIENCING HEALTH CHANGES THAT ARE WORRISOME TO YOU.
The health information on this Website is for general education purposes and is not intended to constitute medical advice. The information should not be used for diagnosis or treatment, nor should it be used to replace the advice of licensed healthcare professionals. Health concerns should be discussed with your personal physician. If you have any concerns about your health, please contact your healthcare provider.
The Website is not designed for the transmission or receipt of your personal health information; please do not communicate your personal health information via the Website.
3.
Use of the Website
You warrant that you will use the Website for lawful purposes.
You will not use the Website to harass other users, or take any actions that will affect the availability or functionality of the Website.
You may not attempt to modify the Website or its contents.
Unauthorized attempts to modify or modifications of any information stored on the Website may result in criminal prosecution.
All information you submit through the Website must be complete, accurate and current.
4.
Physician Directory
Princeton Health is pleased to provide an online Physician Directory to help individuals find a physician, dentist or other healthcare provider on staff at Princeton Health. The directory includes independent providers who are engaged in private practice in the community and who are on the medical staff at Princeton Health.
Princeton Health respects the right of each individual to choose a healthcare provider to meet his or her needs. Information contained in the individual profiles of physicians, dentists and other health professionals on staff at Princeton Health was provided by those individuals or members of their staffs. Although each member of the medical staff at Princeton Health is subject to credentialing, which includes the verification of the staff member's education, qualifications and experience, Princeton Health has not verified the accuracy of all of the contents of each profile, and the inclusion of a physician, dentist or other healthcare provider in the Physician Directory does not imply endorsement of an individual provider by Princeton Health. We encourage patients to verify their healthcare providers' qualifications, experience and accomplishments.
When choosing a healthcare provider, it is the patient's responsibility to verify that provider's participation in Medicaid, Medicare or the individual patient's insurance plan. Please note, those physicians, dentists and other health professionals on staff at Princeton Health do not necessarily participate in the same insurance plans as Princeton Health.
5.
Endorsement Disclaimer
Reference in this Website to any specific commercial products, brand names, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Princeton Health, or its officers, employees or agents nor does such reference constitute an endorsement of Princeton Health or any of the foregoing.
6.
Intrusion Detection Notification; Security
All Princeton Health computer systems are subject to monitoring at all times to assure proper functioning of the systems, to provide security for the computer system's operation and information contained therein, to prevent unauthorized use, and to deter and investigate violations of law. There is no reasonable expectation of privacy in the use of this Website.
You are prohibited from taking any action using any services or facilities provided in connection with the Website to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, Princeton Health reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other websites in order to assist them in resolving security incidents. Princeton Health reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms of Use.
Princeton Health reserves the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court orders requesting or directing Princeton Health to disclose the identity of anyone posting any e-mail messages, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms of Use.
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF USE YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS Princeton Health FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY Princeton Health DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER Princeton Health OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
7.
Copyright & Trademark Disclaimer
Princeton Health has made the content of these pages available to the public and anyone may view the information for personal use unless otherwise stated on particular material or information to which a restriction on free use may apply. Princeton Health makes no warranty that materials contained herein are free of copyright or trademark claims or other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. Making a copy of, transmitting, or otherwise re-using such materials may be subject to the copyright, trademark and/or related laws.
You may not (and may not authorize any party to) (a) co-brand the Website, (b) frame the Website or any web page related thereto without the express prior written permission of an authorized representative of Princeton Health, or (c) use the Website to access, copy, transfer, transcode or re-transmit content in violation of third party rights.
For purposes of these Terms of Use, "co-branding" means to display a name, logo, trademark or other means of attribution or identification of any party in such a manner as is reasonably likely to give a user the impression that such other party has the right to display, publish or distribute the Website or content accessible within the Website.
You agree to cooperate with Princeton Health in causing any unauthorized co-branding, framing or hyperlinking immediately to cease. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, content or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Website.
8.
Use of Names, Trademarks & Logos
Use and display of the names and trademarks Princeton Health, Princeton Medical Center, Princeton House Behavioral Health, Princeton Rehabilitation, Princeton HomeCare, Princeton Fitness & Wellness Center, Princeton Medical Center Foundation, Princeton HealthCare Affiliated Physicians, Princeton Health Medical & Surgical Associates, Comprehensive OB/GYN Care of Princeton, the logos associated with these names and marks, or any other name, mark or logo used by Princeton Health, its licensees or affiliates are restricted by law and may be used only as authorized by Princeton Health.
9.
Termination or Restriction of Access
Princeton Health reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to any or all of the Website or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. Upon termination, you shall cease to use the Website in its entirety.
Princeton Health may terminate your rights to access the Website without any obligation or other liability, if you fail to comply with these Terms of Use.
10.
General Information Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
The materials and information provided on this Website are provided "as is." No warranty of any kind, implied, express or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, warranties arising from usage or trade or course of dealing, and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this Website or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources.
Princeton Health does not guarantee the accuracy of such information, and portions of the information contained in this Website may be incorrect or not current.
NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, TRUSTEES, BOARD MEMBERS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, ASSIGNS, OR AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE WEBSITE OR INABILITY TO GAIN ACCESS TO OR USE THE WEBSITE. FURTHERMORE, IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
11.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Princeton Health and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, third party information providers, licensors and others involved in the Website or the delivery of products, services or information over the Website, from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from any violation by you of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website or any products, services or information obtained from this Website.
12.
Third Party Links
The Website and materials may contain hypertext or links to other Internet computer sites which are not owned, operated, controlled or reviewed by Princeton Health. These links are provided solely as a courtesy and convenience to you.
Princeton Health, its trustees, officers or employees, exercise no control over the entities owning such websites or the views, accuracy, copyright or trademark, compliance or the legality of the material contained on those servers and does not sponsor, endorse or approve the information, content, proceeds, materials, opinions or services contained on such external sites. You proceed to those external sites at your own risk. Princeton Health specifically disclaims any and all liability from damages, which may result from the accessing of a third party site, which is linked to the Website, or from reliance upon any such information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of such websites. No endorsement of any third party products or services is expressed or implied by any information, material or content referred to or included on, or linked from or to, any Princeton Health webpages.
Any information, material or content referred to or included on, or linked from or to, the Website from a third party webpage does not constitute an endorsement of Princeton Health's products or services.
13.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. These Terms of Use, as they may be amended from time to time, completely and exclusively state the agreement between you and Princeton Health with respect to the Website, and no other terms that may have been communicated to you orally or in any other manner shall have any force or effect. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. Exclusive jurisdiction over any cause of action arising out of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website shall be in the state or federal courts located in New Jersey. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.
If any part of these Terms of Use is unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be construed to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties. The other provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect.
Princeton Health's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of the provision. Neither a course of dealing or conduct between you and Princeton Health nor any trade practices shall be deemed to modify these Terms of Use.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Princeton Health as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Website.
A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any additional terms and conditions on the Website will govern the items to which they pertain.
Princeton Health may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting.
Such revised Term of Use will apply to the use of the Website after they are posted. These Terms of Use were last updated on November 2, 2012.