https://www.theprivateclinic.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | The Private Clinic
We use cookies to offer you the best experience. To learn more, please see our cookie policy.
Accept
Call
Call 0203 325 6555
Book a consultation
Treatments
Clinics
Conditions
Close
Treatments
Cosmetic Surgery
Cosmetic Surgery
Breast Augmentation
Breast Implant Removal / Replacement
Breast Auto Augmentation
Inverted Nipple Correction
Breast Uplift
Breast Reduction Surgery
Nipple Reduction
Breast Surgery
Tuberous Breast Correction
Breast Asymmetry Correction
Male Chest Reduction
Body Surgery
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Arm Lift
Labiaplasty
VASER Liposuction
Gynecomastia Surgery
Fat Freezing
Skin Lesion Excision
Lumps, Bumps Removal
Face & Eyes Surgery
Rhinoplasty
Facelift Necklift
One Stitch Facelift/Mini Facelift
Eyelid Surgery
Eyebag Removal
Ear Surgery
Earfold
Earlobe Repair
Tribal Earlobes
Go back
Liposuction
& CoolSculpt
Liposuction
& CoolSculpt
VASER Lipo
VASER Hi-Def
CoolSculpting
MicroLipo
Male Chest Reduction
Liposuction for Men
Gynecomastia
Liposuction
Cellulite
Emsculpt – Build Muscle
Body Ballancer®
Mesotherapy
Fat Transfer
Go back
Hair Transplants
Hair Transplants
FUE Hair Transplants
Female Hair Transplants
Hair Loss / Trichology
FUT Strip Method
Hair Transplant Scar Repair
Hair Loss DNA test
Scalp Micropigmentation
See more
Go back
Veins
Veins
Varicose Veins
Thread Veins
Veins Under Eyes
Veins on Hands
Facial Thread Veins
Go back
Rejuvenation & Fillers
Rejuvenation & Fillers
Dermal Fillers
Wrinkle Injections
Acne
Acne Scars Treatment
HydraFacial
Melasma
Rosacea
Laser Skin Resurfacing
IPL Photorejuvenation
Microneedling
Microdermabrasion
Sagging Jowls
Chemical Peels
Thread Lift
Laser Hair Removal
Lip Fillers
Cheek Fillers
Chin Fillers
Tear Trough Filler
Face Fat Transfer
Non-Surgical Nose Job
8 Point Lift
Non-surgical Eyelift
Profhilo
Obagi
Regenlite
Thermage
Bespoke Youth Trio
Body Ballancer®
Ultherapy
Epionce
Mesotherapy
Laser Skin Tightening
Cellulite
See More
Go back
Laser Hair Removal
Dermatology
Dermatology
Acne
Acne Scars
Skin Tags, Warts & Verrucas
Keloid Scars
Scar Revision
Mole Removal
Eczema
Psoriasis
Melasma
Rosacea
Skin Lesion
Skin Biopsy
Lumps and Bumps
Excessive Sweating
Laser Hair Removal
Go back
Haemorrhoids
Snoring
Snoring
Snoring
Blocked Nose Snoring Treatment
Sleep Apnea
Go back
Bunions
Pelvic Floor- Incontinence
Conditions
Dull Skin
Pigmentation
Age, Liver, Brown and Sun Spots
Cellulite
Wrinkles
Nose to Mouth Lines
Sagging Jowls
Thin Lips Fillers
Excess Hair Growth
Sagging Eyelids
Crows Feet and Eye Wrinkles
Brow and Forehead Lines
PCOS
Hair Loss
Acne
Moles
Skin Tags
Double Chin
Excessive Sweating
Psoriasis
Rosacea
Thread & Spider Veins
Clinics
London
Bristol
Birmingham
Manchester
Leeds
Milton Keynes
Northampton
London Hospital
Buckinghamshire
Bournemouth
Bexhill
Essex
Doctors & Surgeons
Plastic Surgeons
Liposuction Surgeons
Hair Transplant Surgeons
Vascular Surgeons
Orthopaedic Surgeons
Cosmetic Doctors
ENT Surgeons
Dermatologist
Trichologists
Information
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Finance
Medical Team
Before After Photos
Videos
Patient Stories and Videos
Embarrassing Bodies
Press
Careers
Privacy Policy
CMA Compliance
Breast Implant Safety
The Private Clinic
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Free Phone consultation
Request a callback
Request A brochure
Trustpilot
The Private Clinic is committed to ensuring the privacy of our patients and website visitors. This policy explains what personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us and how we use it.
Our promises
Service: We will only use your data to improve your experience of our services
Patient Safety: We will only use your sensitive personal data to ensure your care and safety
Keep in touch: We will only contact you about things you have told us you’re interested in
Contents
Who are we?
Your personal and sensitive personal data
The legal bases we rely on
When do we collect your personal data?
What personal data do we collect?
How and why do we use your personal data?
How we protect your data
How long do we keep your personal data?
Cookies and similar technologies
Who do we share your personal data with?
What are your rights?
How to stop marketing messages from us
Children
Changes to this privacy policy
Complaints
Any questions?
Who are we?
The Private Clinic of Harley Street Limited includes The Private Clinic of Harley Street and Aurora Clinics. The websites we operate and this policy refer to are: www.theprivateclinic.co.uk, www.aurora-clinics.co.uk and www.aurora-skin-clinics.co.uk. For simplicity, “we” and “us” means The Private Clinic of Harley Street Limited.
The Private Clinic of Harley Street is the data controller in relation to the processing of personal information that you provide us when using our services.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at: DataProtectionOfficer@theprivateclinic.co.uk
Or write to:
Data Protection Officer
The Private Clinic of Harley Street
98 Harley Street
London
W1G 7HZ
Your personal and sensitive personal data
Under data protection legislation, the data that organisations hold about you can be categorised as follows:
Personal Data: This is data related to an identifiable person or data that can be used to identify a distinct individual. Examples of personal data we collect and process include names, email addresses, location, telephone numbers, ID numbers and online identifiers. Where this policy states “your data/your personal data” we are referring to Personal Data unless otherwise stated.
Sensitive Personal Data: Sometimes referred to as “Special Category Data”, this is data that is deemed to be more sensitive than the above personal data. For example, medical records, genetics, biometric data, details of ethnicity, sexual orientation. We only use this data for the purposes of your treatment and to ensure you care and safety as a patient. We will usually ask for your consent to collect or process this data, though there may be instances where we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law (eg. To comply with public health requirements). We never use your sensitive personal data for marketing purposes.
The legal bases we rely on
Under data protection legislation, organisations must have one of a number of reasons for processing your personal data. Below we outline the bases we use and an example of the purpose for which it is used:
Consent: In some situations, we ask for your consent to process your data for the purpose we have identified.
For example, we ask you to tick a box on our enquiry form to receive our special offer and discount emails.
As a patient you may be asked for consent to allow us to collect sensitive personal data about you to ensure your safe treatment and care.
Contractual obligations: Sometimes we may need your data to fulfil our obligations.
For example, if you wish to book an appointment we may need your payment details, address and contact details to process payment and secure your booking.
Legal compliance: There may be some situations where we are required by law or regulatory bodies to process your data
For example, we may require you provide proof of ID and age where the law requires.
Gathering information as part of investigations by regulatory bodies or in connection with legal proceedings or requests.
Legitimate Interests: In some situations we require your data to pursue our interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not significantly impact your rights or freedom.
For example, we will use the contact details you provide, to call/SMS/email you regarding your enquiry and provide you with targeted relevant information.
We may combine and anonymise your data with that of other customers to identify trends and help make improvements to our service and business.
When do we collect your personal data?
When you visit any of our websites
When you communicate with us by phone or email or instant messaging systems
When you engage with us on social media
When you interact (open/click) with our emails
When you request further information from us
When you arrange appointments with clinic staff
When you attend appointments and as part of the consultation process
When you make payments to us or require a refund
When you fill in any forms online or in clinic
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you (eg. Facebook/Instagram).
When you complete any surveys we send you
When you review our services
When you refer a friend
When you visit our clinics we may operate CCTV systems for security purposes
What personal data do we collect?
Whilst using our website you may submit information to us via an enquiry form. This may include your name, email address, phone number and postcode. We require this information to contact you regarding your enquiry and to better understand demand for our services.
Details of your interactions with us through our call centre, in clinics or online. For example, we may record calls or make note of conversations and maintain phone call logs.
Copies of documents you provide to prove your age or ID where the law or company policy requires.
Payment details.
Details of your visits to our websites, including how you arrived, which pages you visited, time spent, links clicked and technical information about your device and internet connection.
Personal details which help us make suggestions. For example, you may indicate that you have a particular skin condition or concern, which we will use to recommend treatments.
Information gathered by the use of cookies. Learn more about how we use cookies.
Your reviews, survey responses and comments.
How and why do we use your personal data?
We want to give you the best possible experience from your very first interaction with us. One way to achieve this is to better understand who you are by collecting data about you.
We use this to make improvements to our service and to communicate information that you are likely to be interested in.
There are many cases where we are required to collect and process data about you either to fulfil our contractual obligations to you or to comply with the law.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To contact you regarding your enquiry – we have to collect and process your data in order to fulfil your request for further information or to book an appointment.
To provide you with further information about the subject of your enquiry so you understand your options and can make an informed decision.
To remind you by email to book subsequent appointments for a treatment you have previously had which requires ongoing review.
With your consent, we will send you special offers and news via email – to keep you up to date with our promotions.
To tailor the content of our communications – to make it more relevant to you.
To contact you regarding your appointments and treatments – we want to make sure you don’t miss your appointments.
For business performance analysis – to ensure we continue to provide the best service.
To make sure we’re speaking to the right person – to help prevent and detect fraud.
To take payment and process refunds
To provide customer service and support
How we protect your data
We take the security of your data seriously and take all appropriate steps to protect it from unauthorised access, loss and misuse. We never sell any of your personal data for any purpose. Any sensitive personal data we may collect (such as medical records) is never used for marketing purposes and access to such data is further restricted.
How long do we keep your data?
We only keep your data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of the period, your data will either be deleted or anonymised so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis which helps us make improvements to our service and business.
Cookies & similar technologies
To help us give you the best possible experience, our websites and emails contain cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. Cookies are small, harmless text files that are downloaded to your computer/device when you visit websites. They serve a range of purposes such as helping us understand our website usage, activity and user behaviour. For more information, see our Cookies Policy.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We never sell your data to any third parties. We want to maintain your trust as a reputable company and believe this is essential to ensure this.
However, we do use third parties to support, manage or deliver some of our day to day business services.
As a result, we may share non-sensitive personal data (such as phone numbers, email address and IP address) with the following type of companies we work with:
Companies that help us deliver our emails and electronic communications to you.
Companies that support our website, phone handling and other IT/business systems.
Companies that provide online communication services between you and us such as instant messaging and video conferencing platforms. By using these services you accept their terms of usage and understand that all data including messages, photos, videos, files and transcripts will be managed in accordance with the policies of those third parties.
Companies that provide analytics services.
Facebook and Instagram to show you our services that might interest you whilst you’re browsing the internet or on social media platforms. This is based on your acceptance of cookies on our websites. See our Cookie Policy for further details.
We select these companies carefully and take precautions to keep your data safe and protect your privacy:
We carefully screen all providers with data security playing a key factor in our decision to work with them.
We only provide the data they need to perform the services we require.
They may only use your data for the purposes we specify and agree with them.
What are your rights?
You have many rights relating to your personal data including:
The right to access the personal data we hold about you.
The right to request the correction of inaccurate data about you. If we hold inaccurate or out of date information about you, you can request that we change or update it.
The right to request that we delete your data or stop processing it – in some instances such as where we no longer need it, we can delete your personal data.
The right to stop direct marketing – You have the absolute right to stop our use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In this instance we must always comply with your request.
The right to withdraw your consent – Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind and tell us.
Please note there may be instances where we refuse your request for any of the above (unless otherwise stated) where we have a strong overriding reason or are legally obliged to.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, have a complaint or questions about this policy, please see the “Who are we?” section for contact details.
How to stop marketing messages from us
There are several ways you can stop receiving marketing messages from us:
Please note these actions will only stop emails that are not related to booking confirmation/ payment confirmation/ medical aftercare. You may still receive email correspondence from The Private Clinic staff; for example emails to confirm your appointments.
Clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the top or bottom of any of our marketing emails
Send a request to unsubscribe by replying directly to any of our marketing emails
In most cases your request will be processed immediately but occasionally it may take a few days to take effect so you may still receive emails from us during this time.
If you have previously unsubscribed but change your mind and wish to be included in our emails again, please call us or let a member of staff know. We will email you a request which you need to open and accept to start receiving our emails again.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 16 and think that we may have information relating to that child, please contact us. We will ask you to prove your relationship to the child but if you do so you may (subject to applicable law) request access to and deletion of that child’s personal data.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect how we use your personal data. We will notify you by e-mail (if we hold your email details) of any significant changes but we encourage you to review this policy regularly to stay informed of how we use your data.
Complaints
If you have concerns about aspects of the way your data has been handled or used by us and are not satisfied with our response, you can report your concerns to the UK Information Commissioner Office (ICO). Details of how to do this are on the ICO website (https://ico.org.uk).
Any Questions?
We hope this privacy policy has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights. If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact our Data Protection Officer at: DataProtectionOfficer@theprivateclinic.co.uk
Or write to:
Data Protection Officer
The Private Clinic of Harley Street
98 Harley Street
London
W1G 7HZ
This policy was last updated on the 9th May 2018
Free Phone consultation
Request a callback
Request A brochure
Trustpilot
Our Clinics
Harley Street London
Birmingham
Manchester
All Our Clinics
0% APR
Finance Available
More info
Because it’s your body
Book a consultation
Home  >  Privacy Policy
About us
The Private Clinic, with award winning clinics UK wide, has over 34 years experience in offering the best in cosmetic surgery including breast enlargement, breast reduction, tummy tuck, rhinoplasty, liposuction, varicose vein removal, VASER lipo, CoolSculpting Fat Freezing, FUE hair transplant , breast uplift, inverted nipple surgery and skin treatments such as dermal fillers, lip fillers, acne treatment, and bunion removal surgery, lasers for skin rejuvenation, thread veins, ear surgery, eyelid surgery, eyebag removal, split earlobe and breast implant removal and  replacement. In 2019 all our clinics have GMC Registered Surgeons and are Care Quality Commission(CQC) Regulated.
Contact information
98 Harley Street, London, W1G 7HZ, UK
0203 325 6555
+44 203 325 6555
SIGN UP FOR OFFERS
Quick Links
ABOUT US
CONSULTANTS
CLINICS
– London
– Birmingham
– Manchester
– Bristol
– Leeds
– Glasgow
– Northampton
– Buckinghamshire
CAREERS
FAQs
BEFORE AND AFTER PHOTOS
VIDEOS
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
TREATMENTS
VEINS CLINICS
Find us across social media
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Facebook
Snapchat
Talk to us
Company reg: The Private Clinic of Harley Street Limited 10036829
The Private Clinic of Harley Street Limited is owned by The Private Clinic Group Limited 06293464
© 2020 The Private Clinic.
Free phone consultation
Call us now
Request a callback
Jump to top of page