http://www.bostonspinegroup.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)
Last updated: July 02, 2017
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the www.bostonspinegroup.org website (the “Service”) operated by bostonspinegroup (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. This Terms & Conditions agreement is licensed by TermsFeed to bostonspinegroup.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by bostonspinegroup.
bostonspinegroup has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that bostonspinegroup shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 60 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Recent Posts
GROOMING ESSENTIAL FOR MEN
Top Five Massaging Sandals for Sore Feet
Know the Facts about spine surgery for complete recovery.
Reasons to Give Yourself a Foot Massage-for your health and well being
Things to look for while buying a bed
Archives
April 2020
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
September 2017
July 2017
Categories
Back Pain
Five Massaging Sandals
Grooming Essential
Health Issues
Massage
Mattresses
Migraine
Spine
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org