http://www.cjdsupport.net/privacy
Call the National CJD helpline 0800 774 7317
Search here Search
CJDSN National Coordintor Gill Turner retiring
Menu
Welcome
Who We Are
What is CJD?
Types & Symptoms of CJD
Audio on CJD
Real Stories
Professional Articles
Frequent Questions
Fact Sheets
How We Can Help You
Individuals, families, carers, professionals
At risk through a blood transfusion
Care Grants
How You Can Help Us
Joining
Fundraising
Fundraiser stories
How to donate
Giving In Memoriam
News and Events
Latest News
Newsletters
Media
Memorial Roll
Useful Links
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
How To Donate
Connect with us
Privacy
The CJD Support NetworkPrivacy Policy and use of Cookies
Privacy Policy: Your rights, your information and how we use it
The CJD Support Network (CJDSN) is committed to protecting your personal information.
Our Privacy Policy contains important information about what personal details we collect, what we do with that information, who we may share it with and why and your choices and rights when it comes to the personal information you have given us.
We may need to make changes to our Privacy Policy, so please check our website for updates from time to time. If there are important changes such as changes to where your personal data will be processed; we will contact you to let you know.
This version of our Privacy Policy was last updated on 10 May 2018.
Who we areWe are the CJD Support Network, a UK Charity, registered with the Charities Commission (No. 1097173), providing emotional and practical support for all strains of CJD and for those who are at greater risk of CJD.
How to contact usIf you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information we collect or use about you, please contact us ;
Information we collect and useInformation about you that we collect and use includes:
Information about who you are e.g. your name and contact details
Information connected to your enquiry, including information you may provide us about other people relevant to your situation e.g. relatives, carers, health professionals
Information about your contact with us eg phone calls, emails, letters and meetings
Information that is automatically collected e.g. via cookies when you visit our website Our cookie policy can be viewed at any time by clicking ‘Privacy’at the bottom right of our website. Your cookie preference can be changed by clicking ‘Privacy settings’at the top left of our website pages)
Where we collect your informationWe may collect your personal information directly from you, from a variety of sources, including:
phone conversations with us
text messages
emails or letters you send to us
When you donate to the Network
When you register for an event associated with the Network e.g. Family support meeting, fundraiser, marathon, fun-run etc.
If you participate in research surveys to help us understand you better and improve our products and services
our online services such as websites, social media and mobile device applications (Apps)
What we collect and use your information forWe take your privacy seriously and we will only ever collect and use information which is personal to you where it is necessary, fair and lawful to do so. We will collect and use your information only where:
you have given us your permission [consent] to send you information about services offered by us.
it’s necessary in order to provide the service you have requested e.g. if you wish to be placed in contact with other families, health care professionals etc.
it’s necessary for us to meet our legal or regulatory obligations e.g. to tell you about changes to Terms and Conditions
it’s in the legitimate interests of CJDSN e.g. to deliver appropriate information and guidance; where we need to process your information to better understand you and your needs so we can send you more relevant communications about the services we provide
it’s in the legitimate interests of a third party e.g. sharing information with your healthcare professional (in this situation, we will only ever share your information with your explicit consent)
If you do not wish us to collect and use your personal information in these ways, it may mean that we will be unable to provide you with our service.
Who we may share your information withWe may share your information with third parties for the reasons outlined in 'What we collect and use your information for' (above). However, we will never share your personal information without your explicit consent, except where required to by law.
These third parties include:
Other families who may be able to offer support (with your explicit consent)
Healthcare professionals (with your explicit consent)
Our regulators and Supervisory Authority e.g. the Charities Commission, the Information Commissioner’s Office for the UK (the ICO) (only where required by law)
HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) e.g. for the processing of gift aid on donations (only where required by law)
We will never sell your details to someone else. Whenever we share your personal information, we will do so in line with our obligations to keep your information safe and secure.
Where your information is processedYour information is processed in the UK and European Economic Area (EEA).
How we protect your informationWe take information and system security very seriously and we strive to comply with our obligations at all times. Any personal information which is collected, recorded or used in any way, whether on paper, online or any other media, will have appropriate safeguards applied in line with our data protection obligations.
Your information is protected by controls designed to minimise loss or damage through accident, negligence or deliberate actions. Our employees and contractors also protect sensitive or confidential information when storing or transmitting information electronically and must undertake annual training on this.
Our security controls are aligned to industry standards and good practice; providing a control environment that effectively manages risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your information.
How long we keep your informationWe will keep your personal information only where it is necessary to provide you with our services.
We may also keep your information after this period but only where required to meet our legal or regulatory obligations. The length of time we keep your information for these purposes will vary depending on the obligations we are required to meet.
Your individual rightsYou have several rights in relation to how CJDSN uses your information. They are:
Right to be informedYou have a right to receive clear and easy to understand information on what personal information we have, why and who we share it with – we do this in our Privacy Policy and privacy notices.
Right of accessYou have the right of access to your personal information. If you wish to receive a copy of the personal information we hold on you, you may make a data subject access request (DSAR).
Right to request that your personal information be correctedIf your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you can request that it is corrected.
Right to request erasureYou can ask for your information to be deleted or removed if there is not a compelling reason for CJSN to continue to hold it. We will delete all your personal information, but will then be unable to contact you in the future for any purpose.
Right to restrict processingYou can ask that we block or suppress the processing of your personal information for certain reasons. This means that we are still permitted to keep your information – but only to ensure we don’t use it in the future for those reasons you have restricted.
Right to data portabilityYou can ask for a copy of your personal information for your own purposes to use across different services.  In certain circumstances, you may move, copy or transfer the personal information we hold to another company in a safe and secure way. For example, onto another support group or to a healthcare professional.
Right to objectYou can object to CJSN processing your personal information where: it’s based on our legitimate interests and if we were using it anonymously for scientific/historical research and statistics.
How to make a complaintWe will always strive to collect, use and safeguard your personal information in line with data protection laws. If you do not believe we have handled your information as set out in our Privacy Policy, please visit our website "contact us" page and send us a message with the heading “Complaint”, explaining the reasons for your complaint. You can also register a complaint by email or letter. The "Contact us" menu is to the left of this page near the top of this article, or click here.
We will respond and always do our utmost to make things right.
If you are still unhappy, you can complain to our Supervisory Authority. Their contact details are:  www.ico.org.uk
Back to top
Click here to the CJD Support Network (CJDSN) cookie policy
News and Events
Coronavirus and the CJD Support Network
March 27, 2020
Service as normalWe would like to assure everyone that the CJD Support Network services cont...
Read More...
CJD Support Network selected as a Core Participant in the Infected Blood Inquiry
February 08, 2020
The CJD Support Network has been selected as a 'Core Participant' in the Infected Blood Enquiry
To ...
Read More...
Need To Talk
Call the CJD Support Network helpline 800 774 7317
Contact Us
CJD Support Network Associates House118a East Barnett RoadNew Barnett  EN4 8RE
Email: support@cjdsupport.net
Telephone: (admin) 0800 774 7317
Telephone: (helpline) 0800 774 7317