http://www.huntercombe.com/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Search by Location, Service or Condition
Privacy PolicyCookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to collect the following information about you:
Tracking data on how you use our website.
It does not include any personally identifying information about you or your location, and all data is collected in an anonymised form. It does include:
If you’ve visited our site before
How long you spend on our site
What pages you look at
Which site referred you to us
The general area of the world you are from
Basic details about your device (device type, browser version)
We use this information to help us improve our website by identifying ways in which your experience could be better and to improve your user experience. We will not contact you regarding this data, or use the data to identify you.
This information is collated using Google Analytics, and used for remarketing purposes through Google AdWords and other third party services. Google does not share this data with any other entity. If you do not want this data to be collected by ourselves and Google, you can opt out of all Google Analytics tracking across all websites by visiting the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org
Third Party Companies
In addition to using cookies and related technologies as described above, we may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you and to collect and use other data about user activities on our websites (e.g., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services). These companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track user behaviour. These companies may use information about user behaviour in order to provide customised advertisements across various services and products. In the course of providing these services, products or placing advertisements, these third party companies may place or recognise a unique cookie on your computer, and may record information to these cookies based upon your activities on our website and on third party websites. Each of these companies uses this cookie information according to their own privacy and security policies. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out as indicated in this Policy. Please note this does not opt you out of being delivered advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. You can read more here.
AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.