https://www.hastam.co.uk/services/legal-register/
Legal Register Services Ensure that you are complying with legal standards
OHSAS 18001:2007 clause 4.3.2 states that the organisation shall establish, implement and maintain a procedure(s) for identifying and accessing the legal and other OH&S requirements that are applicable to it. In addition clause 4.5.2.1 states the organisation shall establish, implement and maintain a procedure(s) for periodically evaluating compliance with applicable legal requirements.
However, irrespective of OHSAS 18001, it is necessary for every organisation to comply fully with all relevant health and safety legislation and the penalties for not doing so can be severe. The only real solution is to have a procedure in place that ensures compliance with legislation is being managed effectively. If you want to find out if your organisation complies with H&S legal requirements then take our test.
Can you answer ‘yes’ to the following three questions?
1: Do you have a comprehensive and up-to-date list of the legislation that applies to your organisation?
It is easy to obtain a list of legislation that is enforced by the HSE – it is freely available on their website. However, there is a whole lot of legislation that falls within the health and safety remit that is not enforced by the HSE. For example, the need for an ‘accident book’. This is not health and safety legislation at all, it is social security legislation and is there for the purposes of sick pay and claims. Other examples of legislation that are usually dealt with by health and safety professionals, despite not being enforced by the HSE include:
Consumer protection legislation
Public health legislation
Terms and conditions of employment legislation
2: Have you identified all the requirements imposed by the items of legislation in your up-to-date list?
All legislation is available to download, free, from the legislation.gov.uk website. However, the Statutory Instruments on this website are not up-to-date. For example, if you download a copy of the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations it will be what was originally published in 1992. There is nothing to warn you that these Regulations have been amended by ten other Statutory Instruments since 1992. You could use the HSE’s published guidance on the legislation since this guidance includes the amendments. There are two problems with this:
The HSE does not produce guidance on all of the items of legislation it enforces
The HSE does not automatically produce revised guidance when legislation is amended
All of this means that identifying the requirements that apply to you is not always a straightforward task.
3: Are you systematically evaluating the extent to which your organisation is complying with the applicable requirements?
When you have identified the applicable requirements you then need to evaluate your level of compliance with these requirements. This is normally achieved by monitoring which is formally defined as determining the status of a system, a process, a product, a service, or an activity. However, monitoring is only the start – the information collected must then be then analysed correctly, and used to produce meaningful reports.
If you don’t have three ‘yes’ answers then we can help.
1. Legal Register Service
On the basis of a discussion and, if necessary, a site visit we can agree with you which legislation is relevant and prepare for you an electronic copy of
The titles of all the relevant legislation
A summary of the key requirements of all the relevant legislation
This is your Legal Register.
As legislation changes, subscribers to the Legal Register Service are sent details of required changes to their Legal Register. Hastam will also complete an annual review of your Legal Register so that we can identify lost or corrupted information.
2. Pro-Evaluate Legal Compliance Software
To enable you to put in place a robust monitoring regime to demonstrate compliance Hastam provides training and guidance in the use of Pro-Evaluate. This software enables you to:
Have checklists that match your Legal Register and enable detailed monitoring and internal audit
Analyse monitoring and internal audit results in a variety of ways and produce a range of reports
Track corrections and corrective actions
3. External Audit of Legal Compliance
Hastam can also provide an external audit of compliance. This service provides you with both an external assessment of your degree of compliance and an assessment of the accuracy of your internal evaluation of compliance. The cost of the audit is dependent on the extent of exercise you require. For more details as to how Hastam could assist your organisation address your health and safety legal compliance challenges contact us using our contact request form.
Please note that the products listed here are designed for England, Wales and Scotland. If you are operating in Northern Ireland different legislation will apply and some development work would be needed.
Key ServicesHealth and Safety Expert Witness
Training and Mentoring
Health and Safety Consultancy and Auditing
Safety Culture Change
Evaluation Software
Legal Register Services
Research and Development
Case Studies
Connect via Email Keep up to date with the latest from Hastam via email
Your Name
Your Email
I have read the privacy policy and agree to be contacted by email about Hastam's blogs, services, and offers.
Contact Hastam today on +44 1509 410380 or online
CONTACT HASTAM
Recent Blogs
Whose side is the expert witness on? November 30, 2020 Lost Time Stress Accidents November 23, 2020
ServicesHealth and Safety Expert Witness
Training and Mentoring
Health and Safety Consultancy and Auditing
Safety Culture Change
Evaluation Software
Legal Register Services
Research and Development
Company Address 35-37 High Street
Barrow upon Soar
Loughborough, LE12 8PY
United Kingdom
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Contact Page
@hastamsafety
© 2020 Hastam.
Registered in England No 1765152 | VAT Registration No GB 393 1015 71
Home
About
Our values and policies
People
Professor Richard Booth
Doctor Tony Boyle
Doctor Mark Cooper
Steve Fletcher
Andy Gordon
Paul Haxell
Steve Highley
Paul Mahoney
Liz Shuttleworth (MD)
Doctor Louise Smail
Nick Staley
Doctor Luise Vassie
Alan Watt
Doctor David Wenham
Bob Burnup
Downloads
Services
H&S Expert Witness
H&S Consultancy and Auditing
Training and Mentoring
Coaching
Covid support Services
Safety Culture Change
Evaluation Software
Legal Register Service
Research and Development
Benchmarking Partnership
Blogs
Case Studies
Contact Us
Forum Log in
Contact Hastam on +44 1509 410380
Please enter your name and email address to download this PDF. All other downloads will be available without the need to fill out this form each time. Your details will not be passed to third parties.
Full Name (required)
Email Address (required)
Telephone
Please add me to your mailing list
I have read the privacy policy and agree to be contacted by email or telephone regarding the publications I have downloaded. If I have requested to be added to the mailing list then I also consent to be contacted by email about Hastam's blogs, services, and offers.
×
Be the first to hear from our experts: OPEN
Your Name
Your Email
I have read the privacy policy and agree to be contacted by email about Hastam's blogs, services, and offers.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Change cookie settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Additional Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Additional Cookies
This website uses the following additional cookies:
Logging of publications downloaded from our downloads page
In order to download our publications from the downloads page we require you to provide your name and email address, we set a cookie to remember that you completed and sent this information so that if you return within 1 year you will not need to enter this information again provided you have not cleared your cookies since
To enable social sharing and blog entry like button
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes