http://www.americanseminar.com/privacy-policy
Top Menu
Contact Us
My Cart
Login & Register
[Welcome, [current-user:field_first_name]]
User login
E-mail or username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Video App Tutorial
Questions?
866.611.5599
8am - 5pm (MTN)•Mon-Fri
HomeWhy AsiHow It WorksMedicalCustom Medical CoursesAll Standard Medical CoursesDentalRadiologyTuitionAccreditationTestimonialsFAQ
MedicalDentalRadiology
Privacy Policy
What information does American Seminar Institute (ASI) collect?
ASI collects information from you when you register on our website, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on the website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card information or AGD or CRNA Licensing Number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What does ASI use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve the ASI website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How does ASI protect your information?
ASI implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
They offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Does ASI use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
ASI uses cookies to help remember and process the items in your shopping cart, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that they can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. They may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Does ASI disclose any information to outside parties?
ASI does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. ASI may also release your information when they believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce their website policies, or protect ASI or others rights, property, or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because ASI values your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. ASI therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our website may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their membership account and editing their profile.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
ASI is in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit the Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.americanseminar.com/terms-use
Your Consent
By using the ASI website, you consent to the ASI website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If ASI decides to change the privacy policy, they will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 5/29/2014.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
American Seminar Institute
P.O. Box 1400
Carbondale, Colorado 81623
Phone: (866) 611-5599  -  Fax: (970) 963-9112
follow us
Information
WHY ASI
HOW IT WORKS
MEDICAL
DENTAL
RADIOLOGY
TUITION & LOYALTY AWARDS
ACCREDITATION
REFERRAL PROGRAM
CANCELLATION POLICY
BLOG
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
DOWNLOAD SUPPORT
PASSWORD RESET
CONTACT ASI
Contact Us
American Seminar Institute
PO Box 1400
Carbondale, CO 81623
Phone:  866.611.5599
Fax:  970.963.9112