https://www.retinaaustralia.com.au/privacy-statement/
PRIVACY STATEMENTRetina Australia (ABN 26 059 846 829) is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information collected from its website. This website Privacy Notice explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through our website under the domain name "retinaaustralia.com.au". Throughout this Privacy Notice, we refer to your "personal information" which means information which identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can be reasonably ascertained. Your home address and home telephone number are examples of personal information.
We will post any changes to this Retina Australia Site Privacy Notice on the Retina Australia Site, so we encourage you to check this Retina Australia Site Privacy Notice from time to time. In addition to reading this website privacy policy, please read our Retina Australia Privacy Policy which can be found below.
Information collected on this website.The information about you which we may collect through the Retina Australia Site
includes any messages or comments you submit to us via the Retina Australia
Site. This includes:·        any details you provide to us as part of a payment or donation process;·        any messages or comments you email us which may include personal information such as your name and email address;·        information collected when you participate in an online survey;·        and your email address if you subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists.In common with many websites we may also collect aggregated information which
tells us about visitors to the Retina Australia Site but not the identity of
those visitors. For example, we may collect information about the date, time
and duration of visits and which pages of the Retina Australia Site are most
commonly accessed. This information is used by us to help to administer and
improve the Retina Australia Site.You may browse through information-only areas of the Retina Australia Site without
providing any personal information to us. However, we may not be able to
provide the full range of services through the Retina Australia Site if we are
not provided with the information outlined above.Retina Australia respects the privacy of all current and prospective supporters. If
you do not wish to receive communication (via mail, email or phone) from us,
please call 03 9650 5088.
CookiesLike many websites, the Retina Australia Site may use "cookies" which
store some information on computers accessing the Retina Australia Site.
Cookies may be used by us for a variety of purposes. For example, we may use
cookies to recognise a computer which has previously visited this Retina
Australia Site and customise the Retina Australia Site according to previous
preferences and site behaviour. Cookies may also be used to manage security and
store information about the type of browser being used. With most Internet
browsers, users can erase cookies from their computer, block all cookies, or
receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, some parts of this Retina
Australia Site may not function fully for users that disallow cookies.
Use and disclosure of informationIn addition to providing our products and services to you, we may use or disclose
personal information that we collect about you:·        to provide you with promotional information - in accordance with
privacy laws - about our products and services;·        for administrative purposes including research, planning, service
development, security and risk management; or·        to the extent that we are required or authorised by law to do so.We may use and disclose aggregated non-personally identifying information
collected through this Retina Australia Site as part of our process of
constantly improving the Retina Australia Site and Retina Australia's services
and products.
How we handle email and “contact us” messagesRetina Australia may preserve the content of any email, or "Contact us" or
other electronic message or form, which we receive. Any personal information
contained in those messages will only be used or disclosed in ways set out in this Retina Australia Site Privacy Statement. The message content may bemonitored by Retina Australia Board members or employees for purposes including
trouble shooting, compliance, auditing and maintenance, or where email abuse is
suspected.LinksThe Retina Australia Site may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of
other organisations which may be of interest to you. Linked websites are
responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites
for their respective privacy statements.
SecurityWe use a number of mechanisms to protect the security and integrity of your
personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can
be guaranteed as completely secure. So while we strive to protect such
information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you
transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once any personal information
comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that
information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or
disclosure.
Access to informationIf you wish to request access to any personal information which we hold about you
as a result of our information collection practices outlined in this Retina
Australia Site Privacy Notice, please contact us using the "Contact
details" set out below. Please provide as much detail as you can about the
particular information you seek, in order to help us retrieve it. An access fee
may be charged to cover our costs of providing the information to you.
Contact detailsIf you have any questions or feedback about privacy, or wish to make a complaint
about the way in which we have handled your personal information, you may
contact us as set out below:Email: info@retinaaustralia.com.auPhone: 03 9650 5088Address: Ross House  247-251 Flinders
Lane  Melbourne  VIC
3000
RETINA AUSTRALIA PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Retina Australia, in the course of its work, collects, holds and administers a range of personal information which may directly or indirectly identify a person.
The Board recognises the importance of, and is committed to, protecting the privacy of any personal information which is collected, held or administered by the organisation.
Retina Australia is bound by legislation including privacy laws, which impose specific obligations when it comes to handling information. The Board has adopted the respective Privacy Principles as minimum standards.
PURPOSE
The purpose of this document is to provide a framework for Retina Australia in dealing with privacy considerations.
POLICY
There are circumstances when Retina Australia needs to collect personal information from individuals. This includes but is not limited to:
•	Identifying information collected from members or persons seeking membership,
•	Identifying information
contained within a database of Friends of Retina Australia group members,
•
Personal details of Directors,
•Personal details of staff or applicants for employment,
•
Collection of a range of information and data for the purposes of providing support for the individual providing the information,
•
Collection of a range of information and data for the purposes of raising funds for research that will enable the prevention, treatment and cure of inherited retinal diseases.
Information
will only be collected if it is necessary for the primary function and purposes
of Retina Australia.
Retina
Australia recognises the essential right of individuals to have their
information administered in ways which they would reasonably expect – protected
on one hand, and made accessible to them on the other.  These privacy values are reflected in and supported
by our core values and philosophies.
Retina
Australia is bound by laws which impose specific obligations when it comes to
handling information. The organisation has adopted the following principles
contained as minimum standards in relation to handling personal information.
Retina
Australia will
·
Collect
only information which the organisation requires for its primary function;
·
Ensure
that stakeholders are informed as to why we collect the information and how we
administer the information gathered;
·
Use and
disclose personal information only for our primary functions or a directly
related purpose, or for another purpose with the person’s consent;
·
Store
personal information securely, protecting it from unauthorised access; and
·
Provide
stakeholders with access to their own information, and the right to seek its
correction if it is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or not up-to-date.
PRIVACY PROCEDURES
RESPONSIBILITIES
The
Retina Australia Board is responsible for developing, adopting and reviewing
this policy.
The
Retina Australia company secretary is responsible for the implementation of
this policy, for monitoring changes in Privacy legislation, and for advising on
the need to review or revise this policy as and when the need arises.
Use and Disclosure
Retina Australia will:
•	Only use or disclose information for the primary purpose for which it was collected or a directly related secondary purpose, unless an exception under state or federal law applies.
For example, personal information can be disclosed to protect an individual from serious or imminent harm.
•	Only disclose personal information to third parties once it has been de-identified (i.e. names have been removed) and for the purposes outlined above. Alternatively it can be disclosed if expressed permission is given. This must be done in writing.
•	For other uses, Retina Australia will obtain consent from the affected person.
Data Quality
Retina Australia will:
Take reasonable steps to ensure the information the organisation collects is accurate, complete, up to date, and relevant to the functions we perform.
Data Security and Retention
Retina Australia will:
•	Safeguard the information we collect and store securely against misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
•	Inactive records will be archived and stored securely for a period of seven years.
Openness
Retina Australia will:
•	Ensure stakeholders are aware of Retina Australia’s Privacy Policy and its purposes.
•	Make information about this policy freely available in relevant publications and on the organisation’s website.
Access and Correction
Retina Australia will:
•	Ensure individuals have a right to seek access to information held about them and to correct it if it is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or not up to date.
Anonymity
Retina Australia will:
•	Give stakeholders the option of not identifying themselves when completing evaluation forms or opinion surveys.
Making information available to other organisations
Retina Australia can:
•	Only release personal information about a person with that person’s express permission. For personal information to be released, the person concerned must sign a release form.
•	Can release information to third parties where it is requested by the person concerned.
Accuracy of Information
Retina Australia will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that is collected used and/or disclosed is accurate, complete and up to date.
COMPLAINTS
Complaints about breaches of privacy can be made directly to Retina Australia.
Complaints about breaches of privacy can also be made to:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Level 3, 175 Pitt Street
Sydney
NSW
2000
GPO Box 5218
Sydney
NSW
2001
Ph: 1300 363 992
www.oaic.gov.au