https://www.universities.com/support/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICYUpdated: December 6, 2020Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website (the “Site”) and our products and services (the “Services”).WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?When you visit the Site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and technical data about your prior journey, device and how you interact with our Site.Personal Information You Choose to Provide. You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of the Site and when you use our Services, we may enable you to request quotes or information, complete a registration form, or perform other similar activities. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information that you choose to submit such as your name, contact data (address, email address, phone number), financial information and other similar information. We may also collect additional personally identifiable information that you voluntarily include in your interactions with the Site or transmit with your communications to us. We refer to the information that you elect to provide as “Provided Attributes”.Technical Data. In most cases when you come to the Site we will automatically gather or receive technical data about your prior journey, device and how you interact with our Site (“Technical Data”). Technical Data may include browser type, referrer URL, date and time of your visit, IP address, MAC address, device type, screen resolution, and OS version. Technical Data also includes “Cookie and Similar Data” described in more detail below in the “Cookies” section. This information may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at the Site, activities conducted on the Site and the websites visited just before and just after the Site. We also work with third-party vendors and in operating and improving the Site and managing our advertising, described in more detail below in the “Third Party Vendors” section.COOKIESA cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.As you use the Site, the website uses its cookies to differentiate you from other users. Cookies, in conjunction with our web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting the Site and which parts of the Site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve the Site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies (including how to disable cookies), please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT?If you use our site to request a quote or information, we will connect you with companies in our Approved Partner Network (“Partners”) in order to process and fulfill your request. To do so, we will use the Provided Attributes you elected to share with us to determine which companies can help you and we will share your Provided Attributes with those companies. This is the primary use of data on our Site.By submitting your request, you understand that our Partners may contact you by telephone, automated calling, mobile device, email, or regular mail based on the information you provided to us in order to process and fulfill your request, even if you have opted into the National Do Not Call List administered by the Federal Trade Commission, any state equivalent Do Not Call List, or the Do Not Call List of an internal company. If a Partner contacts you and you wish not to be contacted again by that Partner with respect to your inquiry, then you should specifically make a request to that Partner not to contact you again. Please note that our Partners may maintain the information you provided whether you elect to use their services.We may use the data we collect from and about you to (i) respond to your requests (e.g., receive white papers, email, phone calls or texts); (ii) to keep you informed of our products and services (and those of our Partners); (iii) to improve our Sites and business; (iv) to fulfill any purchase you make; and (vi) to use your data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytic and demographic purposes.We use Technical Data to monitor this Site’s performance, analyze traffic patterns and usage, ensure that this Site and any transactions function properly, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.DATA SHARINGIn addition to the primary data use described above (i.e., sharing your data with our Partners for the purpose of providing you with information about the products and services you are seeking), we may share your data as follows: (i) with other Full Beaker businesses; (ii) with service providers who assist us in compliance and verification activities or provide services such as payment processing, IT, email sending and data analysis; (iii) if you choose to send a message through, or contribute to public areas of, this Site (e.g., message boards, blogs); and (iv) with a third party in the event of a sale or transfer of all or part of our business. We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with legal processes; (ii) to respond to lawful requests from authorities (including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, and including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements); (iii) to enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy; (iv) to protect our business, rights, privacy, safety, or property or that of others; and (v) as necessary under applicable law (including laws outside your country of residence).THIRD PARTY VENDORSWe also work with vendors and partners in operating and improving the Site. These vendors and other partners include advertising and web analytics companies. These partners and vendors use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your online activity (e.g., the sites and pages you have visited at the Site and at times other third party sites) in order to help manage ad campaigns, understand user interests and trends and deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on the Site or on other sites.Our privacy policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party vendor may collect from you. These companies have their own policies regarding record keeping and data retention. If you would like more information, or would like to know your choices about not having this information used by advertising companies, please visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/.We use Google Analytics on the Site; information on how this collects and processes data can be found at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. In addition, we have enabled certain Google Analytics advertising features that utilize cookies. These features enable us to obtain certain demographic and interests data for visitors to the Site. You can opt out of these features by visiting https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads.We may use Google AdWords remarketing to trigger advertisements across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Site you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. The cookie is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords remarketing, you can opt out by visiting https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.In addition, we may utilize other online ad networks that place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.Our Site may include social media features, such as Facebook or Twitter buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS OF THIRD PARTY VENDORS.THIRD PARTY SITESPlease remember that when you use a link to go from the Site to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on the Site, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates.SECURITYThe security of your personal information is very important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.ACCESS & CONTROLWe give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking here and following the instructions to unsubscribe. Please note that we will not be able to remove your personal information from the databases of third parties with which we have shared your personal information (i.e., to which we have already provided your personal information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from these third parties, please contact them directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms in their privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails.RETENTION PERIODIn general, we will retain your data for as long as is needed to connect you with Partners who can provide you with information about the products and services you are seeking, which is typically 90-180 days. We will typically retain an archived copy of your data for seven years as required or permitted by law for legal and compliance purposes.USE OF SITE BY MINORSThe Site is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect personal information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age.CONTACTING USIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email or you can call us at the following number: 1-888-991-0246.UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYBy using the Site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we will use your personal information, we will post such changes to the Site. If you do not agree with the changes to how your information will be used, please do not continue to use this website.INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERSThe California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) affords certain rights and protections to California residents. This section is intended to further describe1.the categories and sources of data that we collect, sell or share; 2.the purpose for collection; 3.the types of third parties to whom we disclose that information; 4.and details about how California residents can exercise their rights under the CCPA. Categories of Data we Collect We collectthe following CCPA categories of data:1.identifiers, such as a name, email address, telephone number, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, and IP address. 2.protected classification characteristics under California law, such as veteran or military status; 3.commercial information, such as products or services obtained, or considered 4.internet activity, such as browsing history and search history 5.geolocation data; 6.inferences drawn from some of the information above (e.g., email open rates and time). We generally collect the above data as Technical Data or Provided Attributes. For example, we do not create user profiles to determine the gender, marital status or employment status of consumers.Data SourcesUs: We collect Technical Data and Provided Attributes from consumers who land on or engage with our Sites, or other properties we own (e.g., in response to emails from or on our behalf).Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform a variety of functions (e.g., verifying consumer consent, validating email addresses or phone numbers).Authorization: We require all parties from whom we receive data, whether they are Partners, Service Providers or other third parties, to represent and warrant to us that they have appropriately obtained the data provided to us and have the authority to share the data with us.Purpose for Data Collection. As described above in “How Do we Use the Information We Collect,” we primarily use the data we collect to connect consumers with Partners who can provide information about the products and services those consumers are seeking.Categories of Third Parties with Whom we Disclose Personal Data. In addition to the sharing for the primary use described in “Data Sharing,” we may share your data with other businesses we own, service providers, and third party websites.Categories of Data Sold. As described above in “How Do we Use the Information We Collect” and “Data Sharing,” we may transfer Technical Data and Provided Attributes to Advertising Partners who can provide the consumer with information about the products and services they are seeking. We may receive a fee for the transfer of that data or when the consumer purchases a product or service.CCPA RightsThe CCPA affords certain rights and protections to California residents including:1.the right to request that we delete any “personal information” that we have collected from you (“Right to Delete”); 2.the right to request that we disclose the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information collected and sold (“Right to Know”); and 3.the right to direct us not to sell their “personal information” (“Right to Opt-Out”). “Personal information” is defined under the CCPA as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.”California residents who would like to submit a Request to Know, Delete, or Opt-Out should follow the links below. You may also submit a Request to Know by calling our toll-free number (866) 309-2855. Upon submission, you will be asked to verify your email address. If we are able to verify your Request to Know or Delete, (e.g., that you are a California resident and that we have or have sold, as the case may be, your “personal information”), we will respond within 45 days of your submission (or such additional time period as the law allows us).?Request to Know ?Request to Delete ?Request to Opt-Out (“Do Not Sell My Personal Info”) TERMS OF USE1.Acceptance of Terms of Use and Amendments. Each time you use or cause access to this web site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, and as amended from time to time with or without notice to you. In addition, if you are using a particular service on or through this web site, you will be subject to any rules or guidelines applicable to those services and they shall be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. Please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference. 2.E-sign policy/definition: Submitting your information on our site constitutes an electronic signature (e-sign) and verifies that you agree to all terms of use. An electronic signature should be considered the same as a manual, handwritten signature on a document. 3.Our Service. Our web site and services provided to you on and through our web site on an “AS IS” basis. You agree that the owners of this web site exclusively reserve the right and may, at any time and without notice and any liability to you, modify or discontinue this web site and its services or delete the data you provide, whether temporarily or permanently. We shall have no responsibility or liability for the timeliness, deletion, failure to store, inaccuracy, or improper delivery of any data or information. 4.Privacy Policy. Registration data and other personally identifiable information that we may collect is subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy. 5.Third Party Services. Goods and services of third parties may be advertised and/or made available on or through this web site. Representations made regarding products and services provided by third parties are governed by the policies and representations made by these third parties. We shall not be liable for or responsible in any manner for any of your dealings or interaction with third parties. 6.Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, our subsidiaries, affiliates, related parties, officers, directors, employees, agents, independent contractors, advertisers, partners, and co-branders from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that may be made by any third party, that is due to or arising out of your conduct or connection with this web site or service, your provision of Content, your violation of this Terms of Use or any other violation of the rights of another person or party. 7.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE AND ANY SERVICES OR CONTENT PROVIDED (THE “SERVICE”) IS MADE AVAILABLE AND PROVIDED TO YOU AT YOUR OWN RISK. IT IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, THAT ANY PART OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OF ANY QUALITY, NOR THAT ANY CONTENT IS SAFE IN ANY MANNER FOR DOWNLOAD. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER US NOR ANY PARTICIPANT IN THE SERVICE PROVIDES PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND AND THAT USE OF SUCH ADVICE OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WITHOUT OUR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND. Some jurisdictions may not allow disclaimers of implied warranties and the above disclaimer may not apply to you only as it relates to implied warranties.8.Reservation of Rights. We reserve all of our rights, including but not limited to any and all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary right that we may have in our web site, its content, and the goods and services that may be provided. The use of our rights and property requires our prior written consent. We are not providing you with any implied or express licenses or rights by making services available to you and you will have no rights to make any commercial uses of our web site or service without our prior written consent. 9.YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF (I) THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, (II) THE COST TO OBTAIN SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND/OR SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO ON THROUGH THE SERVICE, (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR DATA TRANSMISSIONS, (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE, OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. In some jurisdictions, it is not permitted to limit liability and therefore such limitations may not apply to you.
Your List
toggle