http://www.wellnesskliniek.com/en/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
1. General
The owner of this website is Birand nv, a Belgian company, located at Grotestraat 42, Genk, Belgium. Wellness Kliniek is the Trade Name and the Registered Trade Mark of Birand nv. By using this website you agree to be legally bound by and act in accordance with these Terms of Use and by all other applicable provisions; in particular you agree not to do the acts prohibited under paragraphs 3 to 5 below. If you disagree with these Terms of Use and/or with any other of the applicable provisions, you are not permitted to, and agree not to, use this website.
2. Exclusive channel
This website and the Wellness Kliniek call centre are the exclusive channels of The Wellness Kliniek services. Wellnesskliniek.com is the only website authorized to accept reservations and payments. Birand nv does not authorize any other websites to take bookings, nor accept payments for Wellness Kliniek services.
3. Permitted use
You are not permitted to use this website other than for the following, private, non-commercial purposes:(I) viewing this website;(II) making bookings;(III) transferring to other websites through links provided on this website. Screen scraping is prohibited, except in cases where third parties have entered into a written License Agreement directly with Birand nv.
4. Intellectual property
Information, data and materials presented on this website, including names, logos, prices, etc., as well as the colour scheme and the layout of the website, are subject to copyright, trade mark rights, database rights and/or other intellectual property rights. You may use this information, data, materials and the colour scheme and the layout of this website only as strictly required for your permitted personal, non-commercial purposes described in paragraph 3 above. Any other use and/or reproduction of the information, data , materials, or of the colour scheme, or of the layout of the website, without prior written consent of Birand nv, is prohibited and will constitute a breach of these terms and conditions and may infringe Birand nv’s intellectual property rights,. Birand nv reserves its right to take such action as it considers necessary, including issuing legal proceedings without further notice to you, in relation to any unauthorised use of this website.
Pictures: Many before and after photographs come from unprotected sources, floating on the www. These pictures you may also find on other sites. They will give information on the result that could be obtained, also in the Wellness Kliniek.
5. Links to this website
You may not establish and/or operate links to this website without the prior written consent of Birand nv. Such consent may be withdrawn at any time at Birand nv’s own discretion.
6. Limited liability
Birand nv will not be held liable for any losses and/or damages arising from the use of this website or of any other website to which this website provides a link, and/or from the use of information presented on this or any such other website.
7. Applicable law and jurisdiction
It is a condition precedent to the use of the Birand nv website, including access to information relating to information, costs etc., that any such party submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Belgium and to the application of the law in that jurisdiction, including any party accessing such information or facilities on their own behalf or on behalf of others.
In the absolute and sole discretion of Birand nv, a legal action may be brought by Birand nv against any party in breach of these terms and conditions, at its election, in Belgium or the place of breach or the domicile of that party, and, if more than one party, in the domicile of any one of those parties, and all other parties shall submit to that jurisdiction.
Maybe you were looking for this?
Privacy Statement
Sales Conditions
Disclaimer
Contact
This website uses cookies
We, and third parties, use cookies on our website. We use cookies to track statistics, to store your preferences, but also for marketing purposes (e.g. advertising targeting). You can read more about our cookies and change your preferences by clicking on 'Set own preferences'. By clicking 'Accept cookies', you agree to the use of all cookies as described in our cookie statement.
Acceptcookies
Set own preferences
Set own cookies preferences
We, and third parties, use cookies on our website. A cookie is a small file that is sent with pages of this website and stored by your browser on the hard drive of your device, so that you can be recognized. Below you can indicate which types of cookies you would like to have placed on your computer. Please read our our privacy and cookie statement for more information.
Technically requiredTechnically required cookies allow the user to make use of the different options they facilitate: identifying a session, accessing restricted areas, carrying out a purchase, requesting a subscription, saving cookie preferences, etc.
PersonalisationPersonalisation cookies allow the user to access services with certain personalised characteristics such as language, browser type, configuration for the region from which the user accesses services etc.
AnalyticalAnalytical cookies allow website managers to follow and analyse the behaviour of users on a website so that they can make improvements informed by data analysis on the use of the website by users of its services.
AdvertisingAdvertising cookies are used to track visitors when they visit different websites. Their goal is to display ads that are tailored to and relevant to the individual user. In this way, these ads become more valuable to publishers and external advertisers.
Acceptcookies
Newsletter
Stay up to date with the latest news and promotions.
Please enter your e-mail address (correctly).
Follow Us
on social media
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Language selection
Continue in English
Ik verkies Nederlands
Je préfère le français
Ich bevorzuge Deutsch
Nederland
United Kingdom
España