http://www.actoronto.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
(opens in new tab)
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Facebook page
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Instagram page
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Twitter page
(opens in new tab)
Share
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The following policy provides information on how ACT collects, uses and safeguards personal information. ACT is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its employees, members, clients, volunteers, donors and other stakeholders.
About ACT menu
Contact Us
Our Organization
Vision, Mission & Core Commitments
History
Board of Directors
Annual Reports & Financials
Position Statements
Work at ACT
Employment
Volunteer
Internships
Provincial Strategies
Gay Men’s Sexual Health Alliance
Women and HIV/AIDS Initiative (WHAI)
Accessibilty
ACT’s Vision
Our commitment
ACT is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its employees, members, clients, volunteers, donors and other stakeholders. ACT values the trust of those we deal with, and of the public at large, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that ACT be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information that is shared with us.
During the course of our various projects and activities, ACT frequently gathers and utilizes personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use or other dealing with this information is subject to consent. ACT’s privacy practices are designed to achieve this.
Defining personal information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. This information can include an individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well as, facts about, or related to, the individual. Exceptions: business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.
Where an individual uses his or her home contact information as business contact information as well, ACT considers that the contact information provided is business contact information, and is not therefore subject to protection as personal information.
Privacy practices
Personal information gathered by ACT is kept in confidence. Our personnel are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason/s for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. ACT also takes measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent it from being lost and/or destroyed.
We use password protocols and encryption software to protect personal and other information that we receive when an event or service is requested and/or paid for online.
We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances. We routinely offer individuals we deal with the opportunity to opt not to have their information share for purposes beyond those for which it was explicitly collected.
To help us find new supporters, ACT sometimes trade our mailing lists with other progressive and like-minded charities. By agreeing to exchange the information that you voluntarily supply us, you help us gain new potential supporter names and thus new support for ACT’s programs and services. However, personally identifiable information of users will not be exchanged to unaffiliated third parties without the user’s prior consent. If you prefer not to have your personal information exchanged, please email privacy@actoronto.org with the request. If you wish to correct, update or remove your personal information from our databases, please also email privacy@actoronto.org.
Update of privacy policies
ACT regularly reviews our privacy practices for our various activities and updates our policy. Please check ACT’s website, and all other places where our privacy policy is posted, on an on-going basis for information on our most up-to-date practices.
Contact information
Questions, concerns and/or complaints relating to ACT’s privacy policy on the treatment of personal information should be directed to the Chief Privacy Officer (CPO), by phone at 416-340-8484 ext. 268 or by email at cpo@actoronto.org.
Further information on privacy and your rights in regard to your personal information may be be found on the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.