http://www.iusg.net/terms
Welcome.
INTERNATIONAL UVEITIS STUDY GROUP
HomeAboutIUSG Board MembersWhat is Uveitis?MembershipOII JournalNewsFuture MeetingsLatest News#COVID19Ask AdviceContact
Sign Up
Login
Sign Up
Login
COVID-19
UPDATES on twitter
COVID-19 Document Library
Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Introduction
The International Uveitis Study Group ("IUSG" or "we") is concerned with the protection of your privacy and complies with all relevant data protection legislation.
Please have a quick look at the summary (section 2) to get a quick overview of our privacy policy, or read sections 3 to 8 to know all details on how we collect personal data, for which purposes we collect personal data, which rights you have and how you can exercise your rights.
SUMMARY
While we also gather some personal data when you surf on the website, we mainly gather personal data when you create an account on the website, when you become an IUSG-member, when you register for a congress, when you make a payment and when you submit an abstract.
In general, the personal data collected only includes the information you submit, such as your contact details, email address, congress registration details, etc. When you browse the IUSG-website, other technical data, such as your browser type and IP-address, are also collected.
As for payments performed through the website, please note that all credit card payments are actually performed by Stripe. Stripe is a PCI Service Provider Level 1 which is the highest grade of payment processing security. You can rest assured that your Payment information is safe and secure. We only receive the results of successful payments (amount, date, etc.) and do not store the credit card data itself.
We use the personal data to perform/organize the IUSG-meetings (including management of scientific content) and maintain annual membership information of our members. We do not sell or transfer your personal data to any third party. Please note that the IUSG-website allows all IUSG-members to search for the personal details of all other IUSG-members who have agreed to publish their personal details.
By using the IUSG-website or by getting involved in any of our activities, you agree with the content of this privacy policy. For more information regarding our privacy policy, or to get access to or rectify your personal data, please contact the IUSG office.
HOW WE PROCESS AND PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US:
We collect and process your personal data responsibly and in accordance with legal requirements. We process it only for the purposes for which you provide the personal data to us and in the following occasions:
when you surf on the IUSG websitewhen you create a personal account on the IUSG websitewhen you perform a payment through the website (membership fee or congress registration fee)when you become a member of IUSGwhen you register for an IUSG congresswhen you submit an abstract for an IUSG congresswhen you contact the IUSG office.
SURFING ON THE IUSG WEBSITE
While surfing on the IUSG-website at www.iusg.net, our server will track the following information: page visited, date and time of visit, web browser and IP-address (together "page statistics"). In case you login on the IUSG-website, the server will also track your personal account ID.
Although the page statistics cannot as such be considered as personal information, they do become personal information once you login on the website, as we can then associate this information with your account ID in our database.
In case of technical difficulties (e.g. abstract submission, membership application, registration), on your request, we may also investigate the page statistics to offer you support in using the website's facilities. Without your request for technical assistance, we will never investigate personalized page statistics.
The IUSG-website uses so-called "cookies" to facilitate differentiation and identification of visitors. Although cookies have a bad reputation with respect to privacy, please note that the IUSG-website only uses session cookies, i.e. cookies that are deleted after you close your browser. This way, the cookies used by us only store a very minimal amount of personal data during a very limited amount of time.
CREATING AN ACCOUNT
In order to become an IUSG-member, submit abstracts or register for an IUSG-congress, you need to create an account on the website.
When you create an account, you explicitly provide us with several types of personal data, such as your name, email address, contact details, sex, birthday. Completing some fields is mandatory, as indicated on the account "Sign UP" page.
By registering, you explicitly agree that these personal data can be used by us for any further IUSG-activities you get involved in (e.g. performing payments or submitting abstracts).
At any time, you can update your account details by logging in on the IUSG-website and logging into your account. If you want to delete your entire account, please contact us.
PAYMENTS
The IUSG-website allows you to perform on-line credit card payments to pay your membership fee or register for the annual congress.
The actual payments are performed by Stripe, a PCI Service Provider Level 1 which is the highest grade of payment processing security. Although our server receives certain information from Stripe after a successful payment (e.g. amount, transaction ID, date and time), our server does not store your credit card number or expiry date. As a result, IUSG does not have access to such data.
The amount, transaction ID, date and time of every payment are stored on the IUSG database, to allow you and us to get an overview of past payments.
MEMBERSHIP
The membership application process is set out in detail on the IUSG Membership Page.Applications will formally be considered by the Board, who will then inform the prospect member about the final decision.  Once the board has approved a member, the member will then pay the annual membership fee.
In addition to other benefits, becoming an IUSG-member will allow you to participate in the elections organized periodically. When you vote in an election, we store the results of your vote in an anonymized way, so that it is not possible for anyone (including our webmaster) to know the actual content of your vote. The only personal data we collect during your vote, is the fact that you have voted, so that we can ensure that you cannot vote twice in the same election.
REGISTERING FOR THE ISU2020 CONGRESS & other meetings organised by IUSG
IUSG organizes scientific congresses. In order to participate, you need to register for the congress and pay the registration fee.
By registering for an IUSG-congress, you allow us to process your personal data and send you relevant information in the context of the organisation of the congress. For example, we will print a congress badge for you to wear on site.
SUBMITTING ABSTRACTS
Through the IUSG-website, you can submit abstracts for an upcoming IUSG-congress/Meeting. These abstracts will then be reviewed by IUSG scientific board and then, unless rejected, be published in the IUSG app (If there is one) and mentioned in the IUSG programme book and on the IUSG-website.
Although each abstract mainly contains scientific content, it will also contain personal data (name, city, hospital) of yourself and your colleagues. Please make sure you have the right to reference the personal data of your colleagues.
CONTACTING THE IUSG OFFICE
By contacting the IUSG office, your personal data (in particular your contact data) may be stored and later on processed, in order to enable the IUSG office to respond to your requests. If you wish to Unsubscribe, please contact the IUSG Office and we will take you out of the database.
SECURITY
The IUSG database are appropriately protected against theft, unauthorized access and loss of your personal data. Our data are stored on a professionally maintained, externally hosted server that is regularly backed up and updated to prevent security breaches.
Although we have used all reasonable measures to prevent security breaches, please note that no website can be 100% protected against targeted hacking attacks.
Your account on the IUSG-website is protected by a combination of a unique personal username and password. You may never share this username or password with third parties, as this may expose your personal data (such as contact details and previous payments) and allows these third parties to access some personal data of some other IUSG-members. You are personally responsible for keeping this username and password secure.
Should your username and/or password at any time be compromised, you can change it by logging in and going to "Manage account". You can also contact the IUSG office in such case.
SHARING DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will never share your personal data with third parties, unless these third parties execute tasks on behalf of IUSG (the so-called "service providers").
EMAILS
We hate spam (unsolicited emails) as much as you do! We will therefore never hand over your personal data to third parties. At any time, you can "unsubscribe" from our mailing therefore please contact IUSG office. We only store your personal data as long as it is necessary or useful for us or you: statistical information from the website will be periodically released to facilitate easy registration, abstract submission, membership application in the future, your account data (contact details) will be stored until you ask us to deleted this account.
ACCESS AND MODIFICATION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
At any time, you can access and modify most personal data held by us by logging in on the website and accessing your personal data. Should you have any further question relating to access, modification or deletion of your personal data, do not hesitate to contact the IUSG office.
HOW WE CAN CHANGE THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Online Privacy Policy at any time. The version published on our website is the applicable version.
IUSG Office, Rue de L'Industrie 24, B-1040 Brussels, Belgium - VAT: BE 725 942 753