https://www.brighamandwomens.org/about-bwh/privacy
skip to Cookie NoticeSkip to contents
The health and safety of our patients, visitors and staff remains our top priority. Learn more about our Safe Care Commitment. For faster entry, use our Prescreen app prior to arrival.
Close
Header Skipped.
Home
About BWH
Privacy
Back to About BWH
Website Consent and Privacy Policy
At Brigham Health (which encompasses Brigham and Women's Hospital and Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital) we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of visitors to our websites. Our websites' privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) will tell you what information we collect, how it is used and your options as you interact with our websites. By using our websites, you agree to this policy. Please read the following carefully before using our websites.
“Protected health information” as defined under the Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act and related regulations (collectively referred to as “HIPAA”), including information you provide to a Brigham Health facility while being treated as a patient of that facility or within the Patient Gateway portal, is separate and subject to the Mass General Brigham Notice of Privacy Practices.
Your Consent
By using our websites, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of information as described in this Privacy Policy. By providing us with an email address, you agree that we may use your email address to communicate with you about our services and select messages from our partners or affiliates.
(NOTE: Opt-out options are discussed in the sections entitled “Cookies, Tracking and Internet-based Advertising” and “Newsletter/ Press Release Subscriptions”.)
Information That We Collect
You may use our websites without providing any personal information. When you reply to any of our communications with a request, we may need to collect additional information. For example, you may be asked to provide personal information, such as name, email address, and demographic information, if you choose to complete any of the online forms used for class registration, special events and promotions, appointment requests, and to provide feedback.
If you submit to Brigham Health any personal information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By submitting personal information, you grant Brigham Health the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store and use your information in connection with the operation of our websites.
Patients can opt to create a Mass General Brigham Patient Gateway account. Patient Gateway is a secure portal available for patients to manage their health. Features include reviewing test results, managing appointments, messaging your doctor, renewing your prescriptions and paying your bills. Before creating an account, please review the Terms of Use available on the Mass General Brigham Patient Gateway website (https://patientgateway.massgeneralbrigham.org/).
Data Security
Brigham Health is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information you provide to us via our websites so that we can make sure it remains as secure as possible. Accordingly, we use reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access. We use a secure firewall and a security infrastructure that protects the integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to us via our websites. As an additional security measure, your personal information is also encrypted during transmission using appropriate technology including Transport Layer Security. This is an industry standard. (Encryption is a common method used to protect transmission of sensitive data across the internet.)
Although we work hard to protect your personal information, Brigham Health cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through online applications, and you do so at your own risk. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication could be discarded or archived. If you wish, you can contact us instead by telephone at the numbers provided throughout our websites.
Newsletter/Press Release Subscription
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletters and publications, we collect and store first and last names, email address, and information about how you engage with our content. We may also ask for additional information to send you content that is relevant to your interests. This information is used for distribution purposes. If you would like to unsubscribe from our email newsletters, please use the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every e-mail communication or you can email your request to BWHweb@partners.org.
Cookies, Tracking and Internet-based Advertising
Our websites work with third-party products or services (“Service Providers”). These include Google, Facebook, and other Service Providers who help us track and analyze visitor activity on our websites, measure the effectiveness of our advertising efforts, and support the optimization of our digital marketing campaigns.
Our websites use “cookies,” tracking pixels and related technologies. These can be set by Brigham Health or by our Service Providers.
Cookies are small data files that online services can store on, and retrieve from, a user’s computer or mobile device through the user’s web browser. The information is stored and retrievable either for the duration of a website visit (known as “session cookies”), or until some later point in time set by our websites setting the cookie (known as “persistent cookies”).
Examples of information we and our Service Providers collect include how often someone visits our websites and what they do while on our websites. We and our Service Providers use this information in the aggregate to understand how our visitors as a group use different resources and to help us improve our websites. We and our Service Providers also collect information about the activity of individual website users. This information may be used to direct related Brigham Health advertisements and/or informational content to website users when they visit other websites.
Most internet browsers accept cookies by default, but you can modify your browser preferences to block or restrict cookies if you do not want your web browsing activity tracked. There are a variety of tools publicly available to manage cookies and similar technologies that collect information related to your use of our websites. Learn more from (i) the FTC or (ii) the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page, which allows users to opt out from receiving interest-based advertising.
We are not responsible for the effectiveness or compliance of third party opt-out mechanisms or programs. Please note that if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to opt out on each browser or device. You can access the information on our websites without enabling cookies in your browser, but disabling cookies may result in a diminished ability to take advantage of the services and related informational content on our websites.
We use web analytics and tag management services and tools provided by Google and other third parties to collect certain information relating to your use of our websites. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our websites by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.”
Brigham Health deploys the Facebook Pixel on our websites. The Facebook Pixel may enable Facebook to match website visitors with their Facebook User Accounts. You can find out more about how Facebook uses data from our websites by visiting “What kinds of information do we collect? > Information from partners”.
Our Service Providers may acquire additional information about your activity on our websites, including pages you visit, access times, visit duration, how you arrived at our websites and your IP address. An IP address is a number that identifies a device connected to the internet. For most devices, the IP address changes on at least a weekly basis. Our Service Providers may also acquire device identifiers and specific information about the browser you use. In some cases, this information may be unique to you.
How We Use This Information
Brigham Health uses the information you provide to fulfill online requests, process credit card information and respond to customer service inquiries, or in other ways as required by law.
We may use your information to:
Help us improve the services we offer
Personalize your experience and inform you about the treatments/services in which you have indicated an interest
Tailor digital advertisements on third-party websites based on your interactions on our websites
Improve our website offerings and send you information and updates
Respond to your questions and requests and improve customer service
Administer a promotion, survey or other site feature
Communicate changes to our Privacy Policy or terms of use
In some cases, third parties contracted by Brigham Health may have access to your information to perform a specific task, for example, to send you an e-newsletter.
Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland
EEA or Switzerland residents are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of personal data, which includes the right to access, rectify and request erasure of personal data. Please contact us at bwhweb@partners.org with your request. In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.
Third-Party Vendors/ Content Providers
Brigham Health shares information with third parties, including as required by law or in order to provide the services requested. Brigham Health engages reputable third-party vendors to help us manage our websites, provide content and information, and interact better with our patients and visitors.
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control
If the ownership of our business changes or we need to transfer assets relating to our websites to a third party, we may transfer your personal information to the new owner. Your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable Website Privacy Policy unless you specify otherwise.
Online Surveys
Occasionally we may request feedback on our websites to better understand how we can improve what information we present and how we present it. These surveys do not ask questions that could personally identify you. We may ask for contact information to follow-up, but you can decline to provide that information. Information that you provide in a survey may be shared with employees or third parties to aggregate the data.
Email Information
Please do not provide personal information via email to the hospital unless it is through a secure channel (these will be marked, as secure online forms, for example). Remember that email messages, unless encrypted while in transit, can be viewed by other internet users. If you have personal information to communicate, please use the appropriate secure online form or contact the necessary party using traditional means such as phone or mail.
If you receive an email that looks like it is from Brigham Health and asks for your personal information, do not respond. This may be a scam or “Phishing” email intended to steal your information. Brigham Health will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
Links to External Websites
This online Privacy Policy applies only to our websites. Our websites contain links to other websites, within and outside of Mass General Brigham. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy on any other websites before providing them with personal information.
Certain interactive patient applications may be linked to our websites as a convenience for you. If you choose to utilize a specific patient application, please be sure to read the privacy policy associated with that application. Mass General Brigham Patient Gateway, which offers patients secure electronic messaging to participating practices, is an example of such a patient application.
Changes to This Policy
Brigham Health has the right to change or update our websites' Privacy Policy from time to time without notice, so please review it periodically to keep informed of any changes. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about how we collect, use or protect your personal information, please contact us as listed below.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at the appropriate number.
Last Revised September 8, 2020
About BWH
Skip navigation
Brigham Health
Vision and Mission
History
Hospital Leadership
Newsroom
Quality and Safety
Careers
Diversity and Inclusion
Mediation and Coaching Services
The Deland Fellowship
Center for Community Health and Health Equity
Volunteer Opportunities
International Collaborators
Locations, Directions and Parking
Contact Us
Giving to BWH
Find A DoctorRequest AppointmentLocationsServices
LEARN MORE ABOUT BRIGHAM AND WOMEN’S HOSPITAL
For over a century, a leader in patient care, medical education and research, with expertise in virtually every specialty of medicine and surgery.
About BWH
Stay Informed.
Connect with us.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Blog
LinkedIn
Newsroom
Instagram
© 2020 Brigham and Women's Hospital
Accessibility
Resources A-L
Resources M-Z
Disclaimer
Patient Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Sitemap