https://www.transcriptionstar.com/privacy.html
support@transcriptionstar.com | TALK TO SALES: +1 877-323-4707
Click here to chat!|
Client Login
Toggle navigation
About
Integrationsnew
Services
Convert Video To Text
Audio Transcription Services
Transcribe Interview Recordings
Telephone Transcription Services
Captioning Services
Transcribe MP3 Recordings
Media Transcription Services
Legal Transcription Service
Dissertation Transcription Services
Pricing
PRICING CALCULATOR
GET A QUOTE
Clients
Blog
Contact
UPLOAD FILE
TranscriptionStar - Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.TranscriptionStar.com This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via this Website, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email or via telephone in the future to tell you about our services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. We do not collect any info of your Credit Card or your Bank Account info at any point. The computers/servers in which we store your contact information are kept in a secure environment.
QUICK INQUIRY
Loading
Pricing
$74.99
CALCULATOR
Know how much your transcript is going to cost. Easy to use price calculator.
$74.99
PRICING
A perfect transcript needn't cost a bomb. Low-cost and transparent prices.
$74.99
TAT
Do you want your transcripts super-quick? Our TAT options are the answer.
Want to Receive a perfect transcript in a few clicks?
iTranscript is a transcription platform that can make receiving a transcript a breeze. Upload, download, edit and communicate with transcribers. All within a single, secure application.
Check Out iTranscript
Transcript Templates
Do you want your transcript in a specific format/template? TranscriptionStar offers a wide range of templates to choose from. Receive your transcripts in templates of your choice.
We, custom design templates for our clients, as well. Fill out this form to get your transcript in the template style you prefer.
SAMPLE TRANSCRIPT
Trusted By Thousands
Client Review
"We at Innosight turn to TranscriptionStar again and again.The folks there are really Transcription stars.Extremely responsible,reliable and have fast turnaround with excellent results"
Client Review1
"TranscriptionStar is a great resource for any producer need quick and accurate interview Transcript,at a fair price.I am very happy to have found a company that excels at this specialized services"
Client Review2
"TranscriptionStar Provides Excellent Transcription Tools for film documentaries.Its online streamlines the process of obtaining accurate,timecoded interview transcripts that are critical to the story ending process"
10,000
Clients
36,00,000
Minutes Transcribed
250
Universities Served
8
Output Format
Case Studies
Research interviews needed verbatim transcripts
More
Download
Your 2am from an university
More
Download
Watching youTube videos during office hours
More
Download
Challenges of media transcription
More
Download
BLOG UPDATES
23
March
Transcription Cost Determiners 2016
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like." - Will Smith. In a recent survey by The Guardian, one in five Americans with insurance still struggle to pay up their medical bills.
11
January
Top 10 Recording Apps For Dissertation Students!
Do you plan to record your dissertation interview and feeling nervous about it? Without the right equipment, recording is a nightmare. Academic research interviews are important and place emphasis on qualitative data. It is vital that your recording is clear and precise.
TranscriptionStar
TranscriptionStar offers transcribing, subtitling and captioning services. We have a diverse client-base and have several hundreds of happy customers across the USA. Every transcript goes through multiple quality checks. We have experienced transcribers and proof readers on board. Read More
Company
About Us
Clients
Testimonials
Blog
Transcription Services
Video Transcription
Audio Transcription
Transcribing Interviews
Transcribing Telephone Calls
Captioning Services
Medical Transcription
Legal Transcription
MP3 Transcription
Media Transcription
Transcribing Podcasts
Transcription Pricing
Pricing
Calculator
Transcription Cost
Products
Audio to text converter
iTranscript
Captioning Tool
TranscriptionStar
23535, Palomino Drive,,
#346, Diamond Bar,,
California-
91765
Phone: 714-782-7013
Contact Us
copyrights@transcriptionstar.com
Privacy Policy