https://www.life.edu/credit-card-privacysecurity-policy/
arrow-down
arrow-left
arrow-nav
arrow-right
arrow-up
close
db-alumni
db-current
db-faculty
db-fmaily
db-future
db-online
download
facebook
gallery
help
linked-in
maximize
menu
minimize
pause
play
print
search
share
twitter
youtube
zinfolio
Credit Card Privacy/Security Policy
Open Gallery
Credit Card Privacy/Security Policy
Life University will safeguard the confidentiality and security of the information we obtain from you. This notice describes our privacy policy as it relates to the collection, protection and disclosure of such information resulting from credit card transactions only.
Collection of Information
Life University will collect and use information obtained from credit card transactions only for business purposes. These business purposes may vary depending upon the circumstances. We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited.
Protecting Your Credit Card Information
The credit card information provided by you to Life University will be stored in a confidential manner. Our employees may access such information only when there is an appropriate business reason to do so, such as when a refund must be issued back to the credit card. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information, and our employees are required to follow these privacy standards.
Disclosure of Your Information
Life University does not disclose any nonpublic information (such as credit card number and their expiration dates) about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as required by law. We disclose information only when it is necessary for the conduct of College, State or Federal government business, or under circumstances where disclosure is required by law. Information may also be disclosed for audit purposes, to regulatory agencies or for other general administrative services. We do not disclose information about you to other entities who may want to sell their products to you. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Transaction Security
Life University, through our third party payment provider TouchNet, uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to ensure transaction security. Your payment and personal information is always safe. The SSL software used by TouchNet is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Refunds
A refund for the purchases charged to a credit card must be reimbursed to the credit card account charged for the purchase
Credit card payments can be made via the TouchNet PayPath Payment Service
What is TouchNet?
TouchNet is the third party vendor with whom Life University has contracted to provide secure online payments and with whom Life University additionally has contracted to process online credit card payments on student accounts.
Why are we using a third party vendor?
Credit card processing fees have been increasing at an alarming rate. The vendor, TouchNet, has the expertise in online payment systems to meet all security and privacy issues and meets the banking and credit card industry compliance requirements. Our contract with them ensures that the processes are compliant with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley (GLB) Act.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing, you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. You can always change your settings with the Policy Center link in the footer.          Cookie Settings.
Accept Cookies
Decline Cookies
Privacy Center
Privacy Settings
Life University. A World Leader in Holistic Health and Chiropractic Education
Privacy Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies which we use to offer you a better experience and related content. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Necessary
Analytics
Marketing
Social
Privacy Center Privacy Policy
Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_secwp-settings-8wp-settings-time-8 Technical Cookieswp-settings-8wp-settings-time-8 YouTube AnalyticsYouTube analytics allows us to continually refine the video selection, length and styles we provide to our visitors.1P_JARAIDAPISIDHSIDNIDOGPCSSAPISIDSIDSSIDSIDCC_ga_gid_gat Google AnalyticsWe track anonymized user information to improve our website._ga_gid_gat Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic and to help us AB test new features.1P_JARAIDAPISIDHSIDNIDOGPCSSAPISIDSIDSSIDSIDCC_ga_gid_gat Add to Any__cfduid
Decline all Services
Accept all Services