https://www.naccho.org/about/privacy-statement
Learn about Our Response Efforts Around COVID-19
Privacy Statement
Welcome to NACCHO's Web site and thank you for reviewing NACCHO’s privacy statement. NACCHO is a non-profit organization that is building users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. During a visit to NACCHO's Web site, the following information will be collected and stored automatically about the visit:
This privacy policy explains how the National Association of County and City Health Officials (NACCHO) collects, uses, shares, and safeguards both personal and non-personal data on www.naccho.org; eweb.naccho.org (MyNACCHO); virtualcommunities.naccho.org; mobile websites, microsites, mobile applications, NACCHO profiles on its social media sites, and any other digital services and platforms officially operated or used by NACCHO from time to time (“sites”), as well as by phone or by paper. On certain sites operated overseas, the privacy policy displayed on those sites, and not this privacy policy, may govern the collection, use, and sharing of information.NACCHO is committed to protecting individual privacy and securing the personal information made available to us when you visit its websites. This privacy policy explains our online information practices. Please note that this policy does not apply to third-party websites that you are able to reach from our website, nor does it cover our information collection practices that are not online.
Because NACCHO, its membership, products, and services change from time to time, this privacy policy is expected to change as well. NACCHO reserves the right to amend the privacy policy at any time, for any reason. The date of the last revision to the privacy policy will be indicated by the “Effective Date” at the bottom of this page.
Personal DataNACCHO collects information (whether online, by phone, or by paper) that enables NACCHO to identify or contact you (“Personal Data”) to carry out its business purposes. NACCHO sites collect this information for a variety of business reasons, including but not limited to: applying for membership, registering for a NACCHO event or program, purchasing NACCHO products or services, research and surveys, applying for volunteer workgroups and annual Model Practice award, or otherwise interacting with NACCHO.The types of personal data collected by NACCHO may include, but is not limited to: General data (e.g., names, dates of birth, home and business addresses, email addresses, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, and mobile/landline business/personal telephone numbers that are provided by its members/customers); Professional data (job title, etc.); Government-issued identification numbers (e.g., social security numbers, national identification numbers, and tax identification numbers); for example, from employees and independent contractors, but not from members, unless NACCHO makes payments to members, such as honoraria or royalties for publishing rights; Other identification information (e.g., photographs); Financial information (e.g., credit and debit card numbers, credit reports, passwords, and PIN numbers) for product sales or employment purposes; and Sensitive personal data (e.g., racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, and disability data) for diversity or accessibility purposes.NACCHO may also receive personal data from third parties for its use in marketing to potential new members.Non-Personal DataWe collect information (whether online, by phone, or by paper) that does not directly identify you as you interact with our sites (“Non-Personal Data”). The types of non-personal data we collect may include, but is not limited to: Site usage (e.g., browsing history, search terms, number of clicks, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, time on Site) Products and services viewed, including advertisements for such products and services Device type, operating system, and platform type Internet service provider Your industry and business (e.g., company size and location, job functions and seniority levels)
In addition to the uses described above, we use your personal data, sometimes combined with non-personal data, in a variety of ways including, but not limited to the below, in order to:Personal Data Identify you when you visit our sites Provide service communications such as bill reminders, order confirmations, program registrations, and customer service messages Provide products, information, and services you request or that we think you may be interested in based on other information you provide Respond to your emails or online requests for products, services, or information Deliver and process on-line questionnaires
Personalize and improve the usability of NACCHO sites Fulfill and/or deliver NACCHO products and services Tailor content, advertising, and marketing to you Publish membership directories, membership lists, and registration lists on the sites and in print and digital media to allow colleagues and the public to find you. Such directories and lists will never include credit card information or personal identification numbers such as social security numbers, as set forth in the “Contact Information” section belowNon-Personal DataWe use non-personal data to improve the usability of our sites and for other business reasons. We, or other third-party companies, also use the non-personal data to provide advertisements and targeted advertisements to you (ads based on the non-personal data). Please note that, when you select an advertising link or other link that takes you to sites not operated by NACCHO, you may be subject to the privacy policies of these third-party sites.
Occasionally we may share your data in a variety of ways including, but not limited to the below: Share data with third parties to fulfill service requests and to perform business functions (e.g., NACCHO contracts with third parties to provide services on our behalf, such as data hosting services; packaging, mailing and delivering services; customer support and consulting services; and event registration services).
Share data with third parties as required by law or to protect NACCHO in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on NACCHO;
protect and defend NACCHO’s rights or property; or
protect the personal safety of NACCHO personnel or members of the public in appropriate circumstances.
Share data with third parties if NACCHO and/or its assets (or a portion of its assets) are sold, assigned, transferred, or merged, or if NACCHO undergoes some other change, including a change to its corporate form as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise; information may be transferred as part of that transaction or change.
Share data with third parties to offer products and services that may be of interest to interested parties professionally or personally (e.g., business software solutions or member product discounts). Users can request their information to be removed from such lists by contacting NACCHO, as set forth in the “Contact Information” section below. Share data with third parties under other unanticipated situations, but only with a party’s consent. Share your email address, but only as permitted by the NACCHO Email Policy, as follows:Your email address will be used only by NACCHO, its entities and NACCHO vendors performing member services, or offering products on NACCHO’s behalf. NACCHO does not sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside NACCHO, nor does NACCHO share email addresses to unrelated third-parties, affiliates, or NACCHO members. Please understand, however, that in such cases, your email address may be visible to others, with those who have interest in NACCHO, as well as the public through NACCHO membership directories, membership lists, and registration lists. NACCHO may also share your email address with third parties to enable NACCHO to take security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. Finally, NACCHO shares email addresses with third parties as necessary for NACCHO to perform certain services on its behalf, such as packaging, mailing, and delivering products, processing event registrations, and to respond to service requests.
You can manage your profile and email preferences, including “opting out” of email by contacting NACCHO using the information in the “Contact Information” section on the website. If you prefer to receive hard copy mailings only from NACCHO, you can contact NACCHO and request to have your name and address removed from the list we provide to third parties. For California residents, please consult the “California Privacy Rights” section for additional considerations. Our processing of your data is based upon your consent, contract performance (e.g., your purchase of products or membership sign-up/renewal), legitimate business interest (e.g., direct marketing of goods and services), or compliance with law. We will retain your shopping history and use details of the products you have previously purchased to make suggestions to you for other products, which we believe you will also be interested in.We will retain and evaluate information on your recent visits to our website and how you move around different sections of our website for analytics purposes to understand how people use our website so that we can improve it.We will keep a record of the articles on our website that you have clicked on and use that information to target advertising on this website to you that is relevant to your interests, which we have identified based on articles you have read.You have the right to object to our processing of your data or to restrict our processing of your data. In addition, if you have consented to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
In addition to the rights as explained in this Privacy Policy, under California’s "Shine the Light" Law, California residents who provide personal information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year). To obtain this information, please write to NACCHO at: 1201 Eye Street, Suite 400, Washington, D.C. 20005. Attn: NACCHO Membership – California Privacy Law. Please include your full name, address, and NACCHO Member Number, if applicable. We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile and we are not responsible for requests that are not labeled, are not sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
NACCHO complies with the Canada Anti-Spam Law. Non-NACCHO members or associates who provide us with a Canadian mailing address will not receive unauthorized Commercial Electronic Messages (as defined under the Canada Anti-Spam Law), unless these individuals have “opted-in” to receive Commercial Electronic Messages.
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA), NACCHO processes your information in accordance with European laws and regulations such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR governs how NACCHO may process your information and the rights that EEA users have in relation to it. This means that NACCHO will collect and use your information only where: We need it to provide you our services and fulfill our obligations to you.
It is justified because of a legitimate interest such as for research and development or marketing our services (but only where our legitimate interest isn’t overridden by your interest in protecting your data). You consent to us using your information in a certain way. It is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.If you have consented to our use of your information you may withdraw that consent at any time. Depending on the situation you can either withdraw your consent by contacting NACCHO using the information in the “Contact Information” section on the website. Where we are using your information because of a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use. However, if you do so it may mean that it is not possible for you to continue using the Services.
We do not direct any of our websites to children or individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal data from or market to children under the age of 18. If NACCHO learns that it has collected Personal Information of a child under 18, we will delete such information.When NACCHO does request age information, and users identify themselves as under 18, we will either block such users from providing personal information, or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection, use and sharing of their children’s personal information. At that time, we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publicly available, how we will use the information and other practices.
NACCHO implements commercially reasonable security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. Except for membership directories, membership lists, registration lists, and the sharing of information as set forth in this privacy policy, we restrict access to personal data to certain companies who need the data to operate, develop, or improve our services. These individuals or partner organizations are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination, and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is fully secure. Accordingly, and despite our reasonable efforts to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, NACCHO cannot guarantee or warrant the security of the personal data you transmit to us, or to or from our online sites. If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact NACCHO.
Certain areas of the sites require the use of a user ID, email address, or password as an additional security measure that helps protect your personal data. To help you protect your privacy, these sites have tools to help you log in and log out.
You should be aware that other Internet sites that are linked from the sites or from NACCHO email messages may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of this privacy policy. These websites are not within our control and may not follow the same privacy, security, or accessibility polices. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the policies of that site. To ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review the privacy statements of these other linked sites, applications, or other digital platforms.
We rely on users to update and correct their personal data. If you are a user of our sites, subscribe to NACCHO publications, purchase NACCHO products and services, or are a NACCHO member, you can review, update, and correct your information directly on NACCHO’s website or by contacting NACCHO using the information in the “Contact Information” section. Typically, we retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. This may include retaining your personal data indefinitely, even after you are no longer a NACCHO member, in order to provide you with future marketing opportunities and other purposes, as well as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce any of our agreements. Please note that you can request, at any time, that we delete your personal data. All requests must be directed to the contact in the “Contact Information” section on the website. We can decide to delete your Personal Data if we believe that the data is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued use and storage are contrary to our obligations to other members, individuals, or third parties. When we delete your personal data, it will be removed from our active databases or anonymized so that the data is no longer identified with you, but the data may remain in our archives if NACCHO determines that it is not practical or possible to delete it.
Cookies also allow our websites to recognize a users’ computer or access device each time it is used to visit a particular Website and cookies can keep count of how often you return. Our website sends cookies (e.g., pieces of code or text placed on your computer by us or third-parties when you browse our sites) to your web browser (if your browser’s preferences allow it) to collect data when you browse our sites. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to disable cookies. Cookie settings can be controlled in your Internet browser to automatically reject some forms of cookies. If you view our website without changing your cookie settings, you are indicating your consent to receive all cookies from our sites. If you do not allow cookies/disable cookies, some features and functionality of our sites may not operate optimally or as expected. In addition to cookies, we place technological tools (and allow certain third parties to place technological tools) such as tags and beacons (e.g., code scripts that are primarily used to track visitors’ activities on our sites by web analytics software), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, and other tools, to collect your data for the purposes listed in this privacy policy.
Your personal data is processed in the United States, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in other countries and where the government, courts, or law enforcement may be able to access your data. By submitting your personal data to us, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal data in the United States.
You, as the data subject, have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of your personal data does not comply with legal requirements.
In the event we determine the occurrence of a data security incident, we will notify you within 72 hours by email, U.S. mail, telephone, or other means as permitted by law.
NACCHO would like to make sure you are fully aware of all your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email.
If you have questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices or if you wish to change, access, or remove your personal data, please contact NACCHO. We will attempt, where practical, to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy related information.Contact:NACCHO Membership1201 Eye Street4th FloorWashington, DC, 20005info@naccho.org Policy effective November 15, 2019
Back to Top
Our website uses cookies, too
The NACCHO website uses cookies to offer our visitors a better browsing experience, to analyze our website traffic, and to present personalized content; cookies are small data files that are attached to your computer when you visit websites. You can read about how we use cookies by clicking on the "details" button below. If you continue to use this website, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Necessary (Required)
Cookies that the site cannot function properly without. This includes cookies for access to secure areas and CSRF security. Please note that Craft’s default cookies do not collect any personal or sensitive information. Craft's default cookies do not collect IP addresses. The information they store is not sent to Pixel & Tonic or any 3rd parties.
Name: CraftSessionId
Description: Craft relies on PHP sessions to maintain sessions across web requests. That is done via the PHP session cookie. Craft names that cookie “CraftSessionId” by default, but it can be renamed via the phpSessionId config setting. This cookie will expire as soon as the session expires.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Session
Name: CRAFT_CSRF_TOKEN
Description: Protects us and you as a user against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Session
Name: cookie-consent
Description: Stores cookie consent agreement.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Persistent
Statistics
Statistic cookies help us understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Name: _ga
Description: This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customizable by website owners.
Provider: Google
Expiry: Persistent
Name: __utma
Description: This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behavior and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It is used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customized by website owners.
Provider: Google
Expiry: Persistent
Name: _ceir
Description: This cookie provides web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
Provider: Crazy Egg, Inc.
Expiry: Persistent
Details
Hide Details