https://www.donviewvets.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
Blackhall VS Ltd T/A Donview Veterinary Centre is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we are about to enter or have entered into a contract for the delivery of veterinary services with you.
Where processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) as well as your interests, and your fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Contact details
Our full details are: Blackhall VS Limited t/a Donview Veterinary Centres, registered in Scotland, under company number SC393588; Registered Office: 171 Mayfield Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH9 3AZ
Data Compliance Officer
Email address:      dataprotection@vetpartners.co.uk
Postal address:      c/o Spitfire House, Aviator Court, Amy Johnson Way, York YO30 4UZ
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
What information do we collect and why?
When you register your pet at either branch or via our online web form you will be asked for some essential information including your title, first name, surname, postal address, email address, telephone and if applicable payment information. You may also be requested to give your details for other reasons. These details are collected either in person, by telephone or online, to help us:
Register your details as a new client or update your details if they change
Register your pet (s) on our system
Register your pet on health plans
Make appointments
Process the fees due for any treatment
Contact you about your pet, your account or credit status where required;
Ask you to complete client satisfaction surveys to offer the best service we can
Let you know about any changes to our services
Contact you to advise when your pet(s) need timely treatments in the best interests in their health
We will also automatically collect data such as dates and times of your visits to the Website.
Who may we sometimes share your data with
Specific third parties such as VetPartners Limited (the company that owns Blackhall VS Ltd T/A Donview Veterinary Centre); our Practice Management System, Voyager; our website builder; and our communications provider. If you would like to have more information about these specific third parties please contact us.
Other vet practices including referral centres the animal’s medical care in the future
Insurance companies who request a pet’s medical records to process an insurance claim
Financial data to agencies assisting us with unpaid debt such as the Scottish Court.
External Laboratories
Our waste contractor for shredding
We will ensure we have contracts with the above companies which confirm that your data will be processed following GDPR regulations.
How we protect your information
Your data is stored securely on our servers at both sites. Data is encrypted before transfer between the servers. Data is backed up off site by boxportable, our IT supplier. This data is transferred encrypted.  Our IT systems are regularly reviewed and updated to the latest version of windows. Software is updated daily as required. We have a firewall in place and we have cloud based antivirus/security software that will contact us immediately if there is any breach.
We endeavour to keep your data up to date and accurate - our system will ask us to data check your data every 12 months. Please help us keep your data up to date by contacting us if there are any changes. We have in place strict security procedures for the storage and disclosure of your information to prevent unauthorised access.
Protecting your security
Any data no longer required will be deleted or destroyed securely and confidentially.
Statement on the use and disclosure of Personal Data
We may send you SMS, post or emails to contact you about treatments we consider your pet(s) may require in the best interests of their health, for example vaccination reminders. We consider the above communication vital to maintaining the health of your pet(s) and that it is required for us to offer the high level service we strive for. We therefore do not considering necessary to ask you to opt in to such communications. We may also send you health care advice for your pet(s) by email, this may be considered marketing and as such we have a formal process in place to obtain your consent. We will not send such emails to anyone who has not opted in to receive them. We will not pass your data onto third parties. You can also exercise your right not to receive these communications at any time by clicking the link on the bottom of each email or contacting us on 01467 621429.
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data about you that is held by us. To obtain a copy of the personal information please apply in writing to the practice. The request will be passed onto our data controller and will be made available within 30 days.
You also have a right to request we delete your data. As your data has to be kept by us for legal reasons we would consult our professional advisers regards any legal requirements to keep any data and inform you of their decision. Legally we have 30 days to exercise this.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
If you have any queries about data protection, please contact us on 01467 621429.
Useful Info
Links Testimonials Register Your Pet Online Orders
Services
Small Animals Equine Farm Animals
Inverurie
(Main Surgery)
Burghmuir Place
Blackhall Industrial Estate
Inverurie
Aberdeenshire
AB51 4FW
Kintore
(Branch Surgery)
20 School Road
Kintore
Inverurie
Aberdeenshire
AB51 0UX