https://www.pdresources.org/privacy_policy
0
Success:
Warning:
Welcome back, Guest
Sign in
•
Register
Online Continuing Education for Healthcare Professionals
CE Info
Courses
Psychology CECounseling CESpeech-Language Pathology CEUsSocial Work CEOccupational Therapy CEUsMarriage & Family Therapy CENutrition & Dietetics CESchool Psychology CETeaching CE
How ToContact
Sign in
*Titles
Descriptions
Author Last Name
Course Number
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Security and Privacy
Professional Development Resources is committed to keeping your information completely private. We ensure the security of tests and proprietary information, and the confidentiality of individuals and organizations. We will not knowingly release any of your information for any purpose, unless required by the accrediting body for the profession you specify in the registration process.
Our entire website is secured, which you can verify by finding the small padlock or key on your browser bar. Also, you will notice in the address bar that the address bar shows https, the “s” indicating a secure site. The green address bar is your guarantee of our premium business-class SSL security seal, visually confirming the highest level of authentication available among SSL certificates. You can click on the padlock image for details.
Information Collection
Professional Development Resources uses an encrypted electronic order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect your contact information (such as your physical and e-mail address) and financial information (such as your account or credit card number) in order to fulfill your request or contact you in case of any problems related to your request. Financial information is processed on encrypted, secure servers. Professional Development Resources is the sole owner of the information collected on www.pdresources.org. We are committed to keeping your information completely private. We will not knowingly release any of your information for any purpose, unless the accrediting body for the discipline you specify in the registration process requires it.
Orders
We request information from the user so that we can process ordered items. A user must provide contact information including billing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are recorded in our website log files. The log files are analyzed periodically to help us determine how many visitors we served and what pages were viewed the most on our site. Your IP address only indicates where you connected; it does not tell us who you are.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive. Only the server (website) that places the cookies can read them. The www.pdresources.org shopping area will use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart as you move from page to page.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. Professional Development Resources is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Professional Development Resources allows you the flexibility to earn CE wherever YOU love to be. You can explore courses, register, study, take exams and earn your accredited continuing education units all online. See what our customers are saying.
©2020 Professional Development Resources, Inc.
Privacy Policy |
Our Policies
CE InfoCoursesContactHow ToAffiliatesAbout UsState CE RequirementsCustomer TestimonialsFAQs
facebookTwitterlinkedin