http://www.scai.org/about-us/policy-documents/scai-privacy-policy-and-terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Utility Menu
About Us
Patient Resources
Media Center
MySCAI
Job Bank
Industry Partnerships
Donate
Member Login
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
Policy Documents
SCAI Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
SCAI Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
The Society of Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions (SCAI) respects the privacy of its members and website visitors. This page outlines SCAI's privacy policy.
Terms and Conditions for Use of SCAI.org
The Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions is a 4,300-member professional medical society whose mission is to promote excellence in invasive and interventional cardiovascular medicine ("SCAI” or “We"). We provide content on this website (SCAI.org) subject to the following Terms and Conditions, which may change from time-to-time.
BY ENTERING AND/OR USING THIS WEBSITE YOU AGREE TO AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS.
+
1. Use of the Site
This website (SCAI.org) and the information contained herein are not intended or designed to provide medical diagnosis or medical advice and must be considered as an educational service only. Medical conditions and medical advice change on a person-to-person basis and can change based upon the facts at hand, the information available and the medical equipment and personnel involved. This website and the information contained herein does not and is not intended to, constitute comprehensive professional medical services or treatment of any kind.
2. Professional Services and Advice
No information posted or sent through e-mail should be relied upon as a medical consultation. All persons seeking diagnosis, advice, aid, counsel and/or services should immediately seek their own independent medical treatment from the nearest available professional medical provider or hospital. Under no circumstances will SCAI be liable for any injury, claim, cause of action, expense (including attorneys' fees), loss or damage of any kind whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, relating in any manner to this website or the information contained herein, or caused by this website, the use thereof or the information contained herein. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, reliability, and usefulness of any information contained herein.
3. Posting of Content
As with other areas of SCAI professional education activities, you are expected to validate the content you post, such that any recommendations you make involving clinical care or clinical medicine be based on evidence accepted within the profession of medicine as adequate justification for their indications and contradictions in the care of patients; and that all scientific research referred to or reported in support or justification of a patient care recommendation conforms to generally accepted standards of experimental design, data collection, and analysis.
4. Copyrights and Trademarks
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, the text on the site or with the written permission, in advance, of SCAI. SCAI hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license for the term hereof to access and download, display and print one copy of the content and functionality displayed on the site (SCAI.org) on any single computer solely for your internal, business use, provided that you do not modify the Site Content in any way and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices displayed on the Site Content. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, post or disclose the Site Content without SCAI's prior written consent.
5. Liability, Warranties, and Disclaimers
The content and functionality on the site are provided with the understanding that SCAI is not herein engaged in rendering professional advice and services to you. All content and functionality on the site are provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. SCAI and its third-party content providers make no warranties, express or implied, as to the ownership, accuracy or adequacy of the site content or that the site shall be free of viruses or other harmful components. SCAI shall have no liability or responsibility for any information published on linked web sites, contained in any content published on the site, or provided by third parties. Neither SCAI nor its third-party content providers shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages for lost revenues or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages or losses and regardless of the theory of liability.
6. Links, Advertising, and Sponsorship
Links on this Site may lead to servers maintained by individuals or organizations other than SCAI. SCAI has no control and makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability or any other aspect of the information located on such servers, and neither monitors nor endorses such servers or content. This website may contain advertising and sponsorship. SCAI does not warrant, guarantee or endorse any services or products offered by or through this website or its links. You should exercise your own discretion, care, due diligence and sound judgment when there is any reference to offers, services or products. SCAI does not expressly or impliedly warrant any information, products or services for any purpose including fitness for a particular purpose or merchantability. SCAI is not responsible for the illegality, inaccuracy or error in any advertisers' or sponsors' materials. Please note that SCAI and its members may receive financial contributions or donations from third party medical suppliers, medical providers and/or pharmaceutical companies.
7. Disclaimers
Neither SCAI, nor its representatives, members, directors, officers, employees, designees, affiliates, agents and assigns warrant that the use of this website or the information contained herein shall be uninterrupted, virus-free or error-free, nor do they warrant the accuracy or reliability of the content and information contained herein. SCAI neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement on this website. This website and the information contained or posted herein may not have been updated or checked for accuracy, and it may contain errors, omissions or exclusions. You expressly agree that the use of this website is at your sole risk and you assume any and all risks from its use.
8. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
The contents of this site are governed by the laws of the District of Columbia in the United States, and any claims arising directly or indirectly out of any materials contained on this site are subject to these same laws, and any dispute arising there from shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts of the District of Columbia. You hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating such action and agree to waive any right to trial by jury in any such action.
9. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SCAI, its representatives, members, directors, officers, employees, designees, affiliates, agents and assigns from and against any and all injuries, claims, causes of action, loss, damage and/or expense, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the reliance upon or the use of this website or the information contained herein.
10. Medical Locator Tool
At times SCAI provides the use of the medical professional locator tool. When offered, it is to be treated as a general reference tool. It is not intended to and does not constitute a recommendation by SCAI of said medical professional or their skills and is merely for information purposes. You are strongly urged to personally meet with any prospective medical provider and use your own judgment in selecting any such medical provider.
SCAI Privacy Policy
These are the terms of the SCAI Privacy Policy. Your use of the SCAI website (SCAI.org) constitutes your acceptance of this Policy.
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you and when you interact with us. It sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed.
Please read it carefully to understand how we’ll store and handle that data and keep it safe.
The Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions (SCAI or Society) runs a number of events and programs for the benefit of its members.
Throughout this notice ‘we’ and ‘us’ refers to SCAI and all its events and programs.
THESE ARE THE TERMS OF THE SCAI PRIVACY POLICY. YOUR USE OF THE SCAI WEBSITE (SCAI.ORG) CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY.
+
1. Personal Information You Give to Us
There are a number of different reasons for which SCAI collects and processes your personal data. When we collect your personal data, we will explain why we are collecting the information from you. We will also always make it clear which data is necessary for you to provide and which is optional.
Membership
When you become a member of SCAI, we collect information about you including (but not limited to) your name, email, date of birth, occupation, personal and professional addresses, institutional affiliation, education, and training, if applicable, state medical license number, national provider identifier (NPI), and national medical boards, certification dates, and numbers. We ask members to voluntarily provide additional information in their membership profile, such as their mobile phone number, their interests, and qualifications. Members may ask us to change, add, or remove personal information that we have collected from them at any time by emailing us on membership@scai.org.
We process your personal information for membership administration, to deliver member benefits to you, and to inform you of SCAI-related events, content, and other benefits or opportunities associated with your SCAI membership. SCAI may also use this information to help it to understand members’ needs and interests and to better tailor our products and services to meet them. To offer you the best possible membership experience and to inform our business decisions, we’ll combine and analyze data from publicly available lists we have.
SCAI relies on fulfillment of contract as the lawful basis under GDPR Article 6 for processing members’ personal information.
Events and Conferences
SCAI hosts events throughout the year. These include in-person conferences like SCAI Shock, Fall Fellows, and Scientific Sessions (the annual meeting) as well as live and on-demand web conferences (collectively ‘events’). If you register for one of our events and you are a member, we will update your membership record to note that you have attended the event. We do transfer the information you provide on your registration form to your membership record. If you register for one of our events, we will collect your name and contact information; information on your area of expertise; area of work; type of workplace; job level; if you are a Fellow-in-Training; and if you have submitted an abstract or applied for an award; which we will store in our database(s) and use to provide you with information and services associated with the event. We process this information to fulfill the registration you have made to receive the event services. There are also a number of optional fields’ which include your department; mobile phone; cc email address; and Facebook/Instagram/LinkedIn/Twitter ID.
If you are a presenter at one of our events, we will collect information about you including your name, employer and contact information, abstract information, and photograph, and we may also collect information provided by event attendees who evaluated your performance as a presenter. We may also make and store a recording of your voice and likeness in certain instances. SCAI relies on legitimate interest basis for collecting, storing, and processing this information.
We keep a record of your participation in SCAI events as an attendee or presenter. This information is required to provide you with CME and other CE credits, and maintenance of certification (MOC) points. We may also use it to tell you about other events and publications. It may also be used to help SCAI understand our members’ needs and interests to better tailor our meetings, products, and services to meet your needs.
In association with attending one or more of our conferences, you will have the option to download an ‘event app’ to help you navigate the conference and plan your schedule. The ‘event app’ may require the device identifier associated with your device but does not collect or use any other personal data.
Some of our events are sponsored. SCAI may provide an attendee list to co-organizers or sponsors of our events. If you do not wish to receive information from sponsors, and/or exhibitors, you can express your preferences when you register for events or you may contact SCAI directly at membership@scai.org. We give attendees a choice not to receive marketing messages from the sponsor or from SCAI.
Journal
SCAI offers a subscription to its official journal Catheterization and Cardiovascular Interventions (CCI), as a member benefit. To fulfill your subscription to CCI, SCAI uses your email address of membership record to allow you instant electronic access to the online journal. If you live in the United States or Canada, you may also choose to receive a print copy of the journal. To fulfill your print subscription, SCAI uses the address of your choice for mailing. SCAI shares this information with Wiley and Sons, the publisher of the journal, in order to provide the services. SCAI does not share this information with any third party. We rely on a contract basis to process your personal information for purposes of fulfilling your request to receive this subscription.
Newsletters and Surveys
To receive SCAI newsletters by email, you will need to create a profile with SCAI and provide us with at least, your first and last name, and an email address. To receive membership-specific email communications you will also have to join as a member and provide us with professional information including education, licensure, fellowship, uploading a Letter of Recommendation or Attestation, and recent Curriculum Vitae. SCAI does not share this information with any third party other than to store the information in our cloud-hosted databases. We rely on contract basis to process your personal information for purposes of fulfilling your request to receive our publications. You may at your own option choose to subscribe to SCAI news and updates which may be considered direct marketing.
You may manage your SCAI subscriptions by subscribing or unsubscribing at any time. Please note that if you have set your browser to block cookies, this may have an impact on your ability to unsubscribe. If you have any difficulties managing your email or other communication preferences with SCAI, please visit https://members.scai.org/About-Me/Subscriptions for more information or contact us at membership@scai.org.
We also conduct surveys and may use your feedback to help improve our services. While some surveys are anonymous, we still collect IP and geographical information, but we do not track individuals but look at information in the aggregate only. Other surveys request emails, addresses, and phone details. Where we require this information, it is made clear within the survey. Participation in surveys is voluntary.
Payment Card Information
You may choose to purchase goods or services from SCAI or make a donation to SCAI using a payment card. Typically, payment card information is provided directly by users, via the SCAI website, into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which SCAI subscribes, and SCAI does not, itself, process or store the card information.
Grant Applications and Abstract Submissions
SCAI offers grants, conducts competitions, and provides opportunities for the presentation of abstracts. In connection with these activities, SCAI collects processes information such as name, contact email, affiliation, project description, research plan, curriculum vitae, budget and letter of reference, and copies of documents you provide to prove your age or identity. This will include details of your full name, address, date of birth, and facial image. If you provide a passport, the data will also include your place of birth, gender, and nationality. We rely on a contract basis to process your personal information for purposes of providing your grant. We rely on a legitimate interest basis for collecting, storing, and processing your abstract information and for running the competition.
2. Use of the SCAI Website
SCAI’s website collects certain information automatically and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, and other usage information about the use of SCAI’s website, including a history of the pages you view. We use this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’ needs. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. SCAI’s website also uses cookies. It does not track users when they cross to third-party websites, does not provide targeted advertising to them, and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. SCAI has a legitimate interest in understanding how members, customers and potential customers use its website. This assists SCAI with providing more relevant products and services, with communicating value to our members, and with providing appropriate staffing to meet member and customer needs.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, email response, and tracking. The website uses cookies to provide enhanced functionality on the site (e.g., user ID and password prompts, and conference registration) and aggregate traffic data (e.g., what pages are the most popular). These cookies may be delivered in a first-party or third-party context. SCAI may also use cookies in association with emails delivered by SCAI. Our website also captures limited information (user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by the user, client-side and server-side clickstream) about visits to our website; we may use this information to analyze general traffic patterns and to perform routine system maintenance. You may have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies, please consult the privacy features in your browser. Remember, however, that blocking or deleting cookies may limit your ability to access some or all of the features and services of the website.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on the website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using the SCAI website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
We use this information to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. You may set your browser to block these cookies.
3. If you don’t give us your information
You can enjoy many of SCAI’s services without giving us your personal data. Much of the information on our website is available even to those who are not SCAI members. Some personal information is necessary so that SCAI can supply you with the services you have purchased or requested, and to authenticate you so that we know it is you and not someone else. You may manage your SCAI subscriptions and you may opt-out of receiving marketing communication at any time.
4. Personal information we get from third parties
From time to time, SCAI may receive personal information about individuals from third parties. This may happen if your employer signs you up for membership.
5. Purposes for processing your data
SCAI processes your data to provide you with the goods or services you have requested or purchased from us, including membership services, events, publications, and other content. We use this information to refine our goods and services to better tailor them to your needs and to communicate with you about other services SCAI offers that may assist you in your practice. Most of the time, SCAI needs to process your personal data to fulfill an order for goods or services – including membership services, with all the attendant benefits and opportunities SCAI provides. Sometimes SCAI has a legitimate interest in processing data to better understand the needs, concerns, and interests of SCAI members and customers to SCAI can operate optimally as an association and as a business. And sometimes, SCAI relies on your consent, in which case we will keep a record of it and honor your choices.
6. When and how we share information with others
Information about your SCAI purchases and subscriptions are maintained in association with your membership or profile account. The personal information SCAI collects from you is stored in one or more databases hosted by third parties located in the United States. These third parties do not use or have access to your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval.
We do not otherwise reveal your personal data to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) it’s in connection with SCAI-hosted and SCAI cosponsored conferences as described above; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or court order), enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others; (4) the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf; (5) to address emergencies or acts of God; or (6) to address disputes, claims, or to persons demonstrating legal authority to act on your behalf. We may also gather aggregated data about our members and website visitors and disclose the results of such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to our partners, service providers, advertisers and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.
The SCAI website uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or share information from the SCAI website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your site visit to your personal data.
7. How we protect your personal data
We know how much data security matters to our members and subscribers. Accordingly, we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all reasonable appropriate steps to protect it once we receive it. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally-identifiable information, SCAI can’t ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your personally identifiable information, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
To help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit using this Site, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employee’s privacy responsibilities.
SCAI may also collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. This type of information includes your field of practice, city, state, country, zip code, interests, and preferences. SCAI will not collect any such information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. SCAI may share this information in the aggregate with business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. For example, SCAI may inform a sponsor that x percent of our website users are from the eastern United States.
8. How long will we keep your personal data?
We will only keep your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected unless required by law. At the end of the retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymized so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and strategic planning. Your personal data is stored by SCAI on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services SCAI engages. SCAI retains data for the duration of the customer’s or member’s business relationship with SCAI and for a period of time thereafter to allow members to recover accounts if they decide to renew, to analyze the data for SCAI’s own operations, and for historical and archiving purposes associated with SCAI’s history as a membership association. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact membership@scai.org.
9. What are your rights over your personal data?
You may request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside SCAI might have received the data from SCAI; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to SCAI); and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by SCAI if it is inaccurate. You may request that SCAI erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also request that the SCAI cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how SCAI processes your personal data. When technically feasible, SCAI will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.
Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost to SCAI members, conference attendees, and others upon request made to SCAI at membership@scai.org. If access cannot be provided within a reasonable time frame, SCAI will provide you with a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, SCAI will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
You can contact us to request to exercise these rights at any time by calling us at 800-992-7224, emailing us at membership@scai.org or write to us at:
SCAI —The Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions
1100 17th St. NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20036
Phone: 800-992-7224 | Fax: 202-689-7224
10. How can you stop the use of your data for direct marketing?
You can contact us to stop the use of your personal data by us for direct marketing by email at membership@scai.org or write to us at:
SCAI —The Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions
1100 17th St. NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20036
Phone: 800-992-7224 | Fax: 202-689-7224
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
11. Links to other websites
SCAI assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites you are able to access through its website. These links to other sites do not imply affiliation or endorsement of a linked site.
12. Children
The Website is not directed at individuals under thirteen years of age, and SCAI does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from such individuals.
13. Changes and updates to the Privacy Policy
By using this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this Site or any SCAI benefits or services.
As our organization, membership, and benefits change from time to time, this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use is expected to change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use at this Site. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and terms and conditions and will email SCAI members of material changes thereto, but you should check our Site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the terms and conditions that govern the use of this Site.
14. How to contact us with any questions
If you have any questions that haven’t been answered please contact us by email at membership@scai.org or write to us at:
SCAI —The Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions
1100 17th St. NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20036
Phone: 800-992-7224 | Fax: 202-689-7224
To review your personal data and to determine how SCAI interacts with you, please login here:
https://members.scai.org/About-Me/Subscriptions
SCAI® is a registered trademark of The Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions.
© Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions
SCAI® is a registered trademark of the Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions.
As the only U.S. professional medical society focused on invasive and interventional cardiology, SCAI is a trusted community providing guidance, representation, professional recognition, education, and research opportunities.
Get in touch
1100 17th Street NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20036
202-741-9854 TEL
800-992-7224 TOLL-FREE
202-689-7224 FAX
info@scai.org
Connect
Follow us on social media.