http://www.morrishospital.org/website-privacy-policy/
Providers
Provider Directory
Healthcare Centers
Locations
Services
Cancer Care
Cardiovascular Services
Convenient Care
Nutrition Counseling
Diagnostic Imaging
Emergency Services
Family Birthing Suites
Healthcare Centers
Immediate Care
Infusion Therapy Center
Laboratory Services
Lifeline
Medication Dispensing Program
Occupational Medicine
Patient Transportation
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
Rehabilitation Services
Sleep Medicine
Surgical Services
Urgent Care
Patient Portals
Pay My Bill
Patients/Visitors
Patients
Visitors
Resources
Billing & Insurance
Cafeteria Menu
Concussion Management
EMS System
Forms Center
Morris Community YMCA
Morris Hospital Portal
Patient Portals
Patient Stories
Pay My Bill
Records Request
Rhythm of Our Youth
Support Groups
Telemedicine
Education
Archived News
COVID-19 – What You Need To Know
Events & Classes
Fall Prevention Awareness
Health Topics
Heart Attack Warning Signs Magnet
Nutrition Tips
About Us
Support Us
About the Auxiliary and Foundation
Contact the Auxiliary & Foundation Office
Donate
Donor Bill of Rights
Acts of Kindness
Annual Programs and Services
Foundation Scholarships
Fundraising Events
How to Make a Gift
Plan A Gift
Honor A Healthcare Hero
Volunteer
Donor & Volunteer Recognition
Careers
Contact Us
Locations
About
Careers
Contact
Patient Portals
Pay A Bill
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Morris Hospital is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on this web site (“Web Site”), accessible from www.morrishospital.org.
Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using this Web Site or submitting information to us. Using this Web Site means that you accept this Privacy Policy. Please check this area periodically for Privacy Policy updates.
INFORMATION MORRIS HOSPITAL COLLECTS FROM YOU
Like many other web sites, we collect information from our visitors. We track IP addresses, use single session cookies, and evaluate access time at the Web Site. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on this Web Site and collects operational information about the technology you use, such as your browser, type of computer, operating systems, and Internet service providers. This information helps us to update and improve this Web Site and to provide you with a safe online environment.
We may also ask you for specific information. Some of this information may be personally identifiable, such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc. Although we do not intend to collect personal health information, to the extent any personal health information is collected, please see our Notice of Privacy Practices.
HOW MORRIS HOSPITAL USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information collected from you to enhance the operation of this Web Site and allow you to use all of its features. We may also use and disclose your personal information to tell you about health-related programs and services that may be of interest to you, or to contact you in an effort to raise funds for Morris Hospital. If you do not want us to contact you for fundraising activities, you should contact us.
In addition, we will disclose any information that we are required to disclose by law, requested by an appropriate regulatory authority or as needed in an investigation of improper or illegal conduct in connection with our Web Site (e.g. fraud, misrepresentation, intellectual property infringement, hacking or any other activity that may put Morris Hospital at risk).
CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT HOW MORRIS HOSPITAL USES YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding the personal information you provide to us. You may send us an e-mail message by clicking here to request access to, correct or delete any contact information that you have provided to us. You may also set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this Web Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
HOW MORRIS HOSPITAL PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect your personal information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including giving users a unique user name and password for access to certain areas of the site, employee training, SSL encryption for data transfer, firewalls, and restricted access to data.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. If you have access to a password protected part of the Web Site, you should never share your password with anyone else, notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached, and remember to log off of this site before you leave your computer.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
This Web Site may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties that may be of interest to you. We cannot control these third party sites, which may collect personal information from you. When you follow a link and leave this Web Site, you do so at your own risk.
WHAT MORRIS HOSPITAL DOES ABOUT CHILDREN VISITING THIS WEB SITE
This Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from the Web Site visitors in this age group.
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT MORRIS HOSPITAL
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Web Site, please contact us at:
Morris Hospital
150 West High Street
Morris, IL 60450
(815) 942-2932, ext. 7009.
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 10/25/2006
PayMy Bill
Events &Classes
Telemedicine
Find AProvider