http://www.beautifulmakeupsearch.com/privacy-policy
Home
Blog
About
Contact
SHOP
Back
All Posts
Makeup
Skin Care
Hair Care
Body Care
Life
Privacy Policy of www.beautifulmakeupsearch.comThis Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.Owner and Data ControllerBeautiful Makeup SearchLongmeadow, MA 01106Owner contact email: teri@beautifulmakeupsearch.comTypes of Data collectedAmong the types of Personal Data that this Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: email address; Cookies; Usage Data.Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services. In cases where this Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.Mode and place of processing the DataMETHODS OF PROCESSINGThe Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.LEGAL BASIS OF PROCESSINGThe Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.PLACEThe Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.RETENTION TIMEPersonal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.Therefore:Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.The purposes of processingThe Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Managing contacts and sending messages, Platform services and hosting, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Analytics and RSS feed management.Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.Detailed information on the processing of Personal DataPersonal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:ANALYTICSThe services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.Google Analytics (Google Inc.)Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.INTERACTION WITH EXTERNAL SOCIAL NETWORKS AND PLATFORMSThis type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Website isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets (Pinterest)The Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Pinterest platform provided by Pinterest Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.ShareThis (Sharethis Inc.)ShareThis is a service provided by ShareThis Inc., which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of this Website.Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared. In this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and Usage Data on the pages where this service is installed.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.StumbleUpon button and social widgets (StumbleUpon, Inc.)The StumbleUpon button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the StumbleUpon social network provided by StumbleUpon, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.)The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.MANAGING CONTACTS AND SENDING MESSAGESThis type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.Personal Data collected: email address.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.PLATFORM SERVICES AND HOSTINGThese services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Website, therefore allowing the provision of this Website from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.Squarespace (Squarespace, Inc)Squarespace is a platform provided by Squarespace, Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Website. Squarespace is highly customizable and can host websites from simple blogs to complex e-commerce platforms.Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy.RSS FEED MANAGEMENTThis type of service allows this Website to manage RSS feeds and the distribution of their content. Depending on the characteristics of the service used, these services may be used to insert ads within the content and to gather statistics data from them.Feedburner (Google Inc.)Feedburner is a service to manage RSS feeds provided by Google Inc. It allows the collection of statistics on what content is consumed and to insert ads in it.Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.The rights of UsersUsers may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.In particular, Users have the right to do the following:Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.DETAILS ABOUT THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSINGWhere Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.HOW TO EXERCISE THESE RIGHTSAny requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.Cookie PolicyThis Website uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.Additional information about Data collection and processingLEGAL ACTIONThe User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related Services.The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT USER'S PERSONAL DATAIn addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.SYSTEM LOGS AND MAINTENANCEFor operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.INFORMATION NOT CONTAINED IN THIS POLICYMore details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLEDThis Website does not support “Do Not Track” requests.To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThe Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Website and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.DEFINITIONS AND LEGAL REFERENCESPersonal Data (or Data)Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.Usage DataInformation collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.UserThe individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.Data SubjectThe natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.Data Controller (or Owner)The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.This Website (or this Application)The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.ServiceThe service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.European Union (or EU)Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.CookiesSmall sets of data stored in the User's device.Legal informationThis privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit https://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and https://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers'; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent - You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.
Centro, Inc. - You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc. - You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant. LLC - You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
Latest update: July 19, 2020