http://www.ambrygen.com/legal/cookie-policy
Login
Order
Patients
Providers
Partners
Science
Company
COVID Response
Overview
Take Action
Our Tests
How to Submit a Sample
Billing + Insurance
Blog
Overview
Our Tests
Order Placement
Resources
Our Science
Overview
Pharma Services
CARE
Academic Partners
Sponsored Testing Programs - AmbryLink
Overview
Our Technology
Our Research
Collaborations
Overview
Team
Our Story
Careers
Press Releases
Media Relations
Blog
Events
Contact
Orange County Testing
Hereditary Cancer
Heart Conditions
Neurological Conditions
Rare Conditions
Diagnostic Tests
Oncology
Cardiology
Neurology
Exome + General Genetics
Featured Add-Ons
+RNAinsight®
(concurrent DNA/RNA Testing)
AmbryScore™
(Polygenic Risk Score)
Additional Options
Re-Requisition Policy
Postmortem Testing
AmbryLink
hATTR Compass
Test Orders
How to Order
AmbryPort®
(Order via Online Portal)
Sample Submissions
Order Sample Submission Kit
Sample Specimen Requirements
Forms
Test Forms
Billing + Insurance
Overview of Policies and Procedures
Preverification
Health Plan Requirements Guide
Health Plan Coverage Map
Clinical Materials
Browse by Diagnostic Category
Clinical Tools
Interactive Gene Coverage Tool
Prevalence Tool
Telemedicine
Clinical Education
Webinars
Unparalleled Accuracy
Gene Classification
Candidate Disease Gene Discoveries
Variant Classification
Sanger Confirmation
Family Studies
Translational Genomics Lab
Peer-Reviewed Publications
Scientific Presentations
Scientific Posters
Browse Research by Conference
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Policy
Notice for California Residents
New York State Exceptions
Information Security Statement
What are cookies?
Cookies are tiny text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit certain websites, which uniquely (but anonymously) identify your browser or device.  They are unable to search your computer or device in any way and contain no personal identifying information about you.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies are used by sites or services when they want to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before.  These cookies can then be used to help remember your preferences (such as language), help you navigate between pages efficiently, and generally improve your browsing experience.
Cookies are also used by website publishers to help understand how their site or service is being used.  Services such as Google Analytics use cookies to provide anonymous aggregated data, such as how long users in general spent on the site, how many pages they visited and in which order.
Cookies can also be used for online advertising.  By aggregating the basic information cookies gather, informed guesses can be made about your demographic, and ads targeted to you accordingly.
What types of cookies does this website use?
There are generally five categories of cookies: Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality, Social Media, and Targeting. This website routinely uses the following types of cookies: Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality, and Social Media.
Here is some information about each cookie category:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential to make this website work. They enable you to move around this site and use its features. Without these cookies, services that are necessary for you to be able to use the site cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used a website, such as which pages are visited the most often, how people are moving from one link to another, and if they get error messages from certain pages. Overall, these cookies provide analytical information about how a website is performing and how the publisher can improve it.
Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow websites to remember how you are logged in to the site, when you log in or out, your language choice or country selection, or other selections you make to customize your experience on a particular website.
Social Media Cookies. To enhance your internet experience and make the sharing of content easier, some of the pages on this website contain links to third party social media service providers, such as Facebook, Twitter, or Google+. Through these links, the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your computer or device. We do not control these cookies and you should check the social media service provider’s website for further details about how they use cookies.
Targeting Cookies. Some companies allow their advertising partners or other third party partners to use this type of cookie to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests. These cookies can remember that your computer or device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device’s browsing activity on other sites.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie stays on your computer or device varies depending on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive until you erase them or they expire. How long a persistent cookie remains on your browser depends on how long the visited website has programmed the cookie to last. Session cookies are temporary and are erased when you close your browser at the end of your surfing session. The next time you visit that particular site, it will not recognize you and will treat you as a new visitor.
First- and third-party cookies
First-party cookies are those that Amby Genetics places on your computer or device through this website; third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your computer or device through our site. Third-party cookies are not used on this site.
How to control and delete cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help,” “Tools,” or “Edit” settings). Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access areas of this website and other parts of the website may not work properly.
To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
© 2020 Ambry Genetics. All rights reserved.
Company
Press Releases
Contact Us
Events
Blog
Careers
Take Action
Order a Test
Order a Sample Collection Kit
Download Forms
Verify Insurance Coverage
Privacy + Security
Policies and Notices
Notice of Privacy Practices
Cookie Policy
Information Security Statement
Learn More
Terms and Conditions
New York State Exceptions
Licenses
Payor Relations
Patients
Providers
Partners
Science
Company
COVID
Close
Search Results
Start your search...
Previous
Next
Helpful Links
Order a Sample Kit
Forms
Contact Us
Test Menu
×
Please Enter Your Information to Continue
First name
Last name
Email
Npi
Zip
Occupation
Submit and Continue
×
Subscribe For Future Updates
First name
Last name
Email
Postal code
Select which updates you would like to receive
Ambry Updates
Blog
Research
Webinars
Subscribe
*We handle your contact details in line with our
Privacy Policy.
You can opt-out of communications or customize your preferences at any time.