https://www.seormc.org//privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Southeastern Med website. We’re committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy, and we appreciate the trust you’ve placed in us.
Information we collect and how we use it
We collect two types of information about website visitors: Personal information (things like your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.) which you have voluntarily submitted to us, and aggregate information (such as how many visitors log on to our sites, the pages they access, etc.).
In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing personal information. You may need to provide some information to participate in certain promotions and surveys, to register with the site, or to receive information. We collect, maintain and use personal information you have voluntarily submitted to contact you, and to respond to your comments or requests for information. In addition, we may use personal information to provide you the most helpful products and services to meet your needs and respond to your inquiries.
To better meet your needs, we may supplement the information we collect with data obtained from third parties for the same purposes.
Data sharing and transfer
Southeastern Med will not trade, sell, or share your personal information without your consent, unless required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected, except that information you provide may be used by Southeastern Ohio Regional Medical Center or third-party business partners to fulfill a specific request such as to fulfill a product order, to analyze your opinion of Southeastern Ohio Regional Medical Center, or to address a question or concern about our services. If you do provide us with your consent, we also may share your information with third parties so that they may send you offers, personalized offers and tips, or ask for your feedback on their programs.
Cookies
Cookies help us make your visit to our website more enjoyable and meaningful. A cookie is a small text information file that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. This helps us to recognize you when you return to our site. We may use such technology to obtain non-personal information from you as an online visitor.
Children’s Privacy
We do not intentionally collect any information or market to children under 16.
Links to other sites
This website may contain links to other websites. Southeastern Med does not control the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We recommend you carefully read the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Your acceptance of our Privacy Practice
By using this website or any other Southeastern Med website or interactive banner ads, you accept our privacy statement and conditions posted on the website. We reserve the right to update, change, modify or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check back for updates to our Privacy Statement.