https://www.sfaf.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Public health officials issued a "stay-at-home" order to be in effect until further notice. We've closed our office at 1035 Market Street and only offering essential services at Strut and the 6th Street Harm Reduction Center. Learn more.
Sexual Health & Testing
PrEP & PEP
HIV Support
Hepatitis C
Substance Use Treatment
Counseling & Case Management
Syringe Access & Disposal
Overdose Prevention
Housing & Financial Benefits
Support Groups
CommunitiesPeople Living With HIV
Queer & Trans People of Color
Gay, Bi & Queer Men
African Americans
Latinx
Trans and Non-Binary People
Women & Femmes
People Over 50
People Who Use Drugs & Alcohol
People Who Inject Drugs
ConnectCalendar
Contact Us
Locations & Hours
Book an Appointment
Get Your Test Results
Services Finder
Our Programs
QTPOC at Strut
QTPOC at Strut
Join us for an event for and by queer and trans people of color.
Get Involved
EngageTake Action
Join a Group
Volunteer
Stonewall Clinical Internships
Sexual Health Clinical Training
Careers
Support Our WorkWays to Give
AIDS/LifeCycle
Dining Out For Life
Santa Skivvies Run
Tribute Celebration
Shop
PartnershipsCorporate
Volunteer
Volunteer
Volunteers are at the heart of what we do. Find out more about available opportunities.
News & Events
NewsAll Blogs
Breaking News
BETA Blog
Status
Featured TopicsSexual Health
Harm Reduction
HIV Prevention
EventsCalendar
Fundraisers
Event Guide
Subscribe
Subscribe
Sign up to get the latest news and top articles from SFAF delivered to your inbox.
Resources
Sexual HealthHIV FAQs
HIV Risk and Testing
HIV Prevention
HIV Treatment
U Equals U
STIs
Prevent HIV with PrEP
PEP
Harm ReductionWhat Is Harm Reduction?
Drugs & Alcohol
What is Hepatitis C?
Safer Drug Use
Safer Injection
Meth & Speed
Why Provide Syringes?
Other ResourcesRESOURCE LIBRARY
HIV & Hep C Statistics
Our Research
Living Positively
Living Positively
Info on HIV meds, sex & dating, disclosure and becoming undetectable at your fingertips.
About Us
What We DoOur Mission
Our Work
Our Communities
Our Programs
Our Advocacy
Our Impact
Financial & Legal Documents
Our TeamBoard of Directors
Our Leadership
Our Partners
Careers
VOLUNTEERS
General informationContact Us
Locations & Hours
Media Inquiries
Privacy Policy
World AIDS Day 2020
World AIDS Day 2020
Explore these inspiring designs expressing health justice and humanity.
Client Portal
HIV & STI Testing
PrEP & PEP
Syringe Services
Calendar
Search
X
Home / Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 22, 2019
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for sfaf.org.
This website privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
New Privacy Updates (5/22/2019):
Added clarification under “Information Collection, Use, and Sharing” for information collected through our Syringe Pickup Request tool.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you, including:
Name
Street & Billing Address
Phone Number
Email
Employer
Credit Card, Checking Account, or PayPal information
Demographic and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity, or information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals your specific identity
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. Any information collected on this website will not be shared with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
We do share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about events, news updates or related information, or changes to this privacy policy.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to log in every time you visit.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter Pixels
San Francisco AIDS Foundation uses Facebook, Instagram and Twitter pixels to reach website visitors after they have left this site. Visitors to this site may see San Francisco AIDS Foundation advertisements while using Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, including Google Analytics first-party cookies, to collect advertising data on website visitors. This data may be used to inform future advertising campaigns or other marketing content.
Website visitors can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, or you may choose to opt out of these Google Analytics Advertising Features using opt-out tools such as: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Your Precise Geolocation
When you interact with  our Syringe Pickup Request tool, you may be asked for permission to allow us to collect and use your precise geolocation information or the information you entered into the online form. If you consent, we will use this information to provide our services.
IP Address
Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Site, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited. If you submit a request for syringe disposal using our Syringe Pickup Request tool, we may also derive your approximate location from your IP Address.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Forms
Users of this website may be asked to complete registration forms for actions such as charitable donations. During registration, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). To complete these forms, you must provide contact information (like name, shipping address, and phone number) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes in processing donations. If we have trouble processing a donation, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Information collected in these forms is securely stored in our third-party CRM database.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access “To” and Control “Over” Information
You have the right to Opt-Out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us at privacyofficer@sfaf.org or 415-487-3022:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Request a change/correction to any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Use of Site By Minors
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) and, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13.
Jurisdictional Issues
The Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page, under the heading of “New Privacy Updates”.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at privacyofficer@sfaf.org or 415-487-3022, or visit the Contact Us page of our website.