http://www.hda.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms and conditions | Huntington's Disease Association
Message Board
Blog
News
Events
Shop
Search
Donate
Toggle navigation
Huntington's disease
Getting help
Professionals
Get involved
Research
About us
Contact us
Message Board
Blog
News
Events
Shop
Donate
Donate
Huntington's disease
New to Huntington's disease?
What is Huntington's disease?
What causes Huntington's disease?
Symptoms of Huntington's disease
Genetics of Huntington's disease
Physiology of Huntington's disease
What is Juvenile Huntington's disease?
Symptoms of Juvenile Huntington's disease
Genetics of Juvenile Huntington's disease
Physiology of Juvenile Huntington's disease
Living with Huntington's disease
Anna's story
Ellis' story
Stewart’s story
Clare’s story
Margaret's story
Mark's story
Jeremy’s story
Getting help
If you're at risk
Sources of support
Genetic testing
Starting a family
Insurance and legal matters
Employment
Emotional support
Talking about being at risk
Living well
If you're showing symptoms
Sources of support
Getting the care you need
Getting financial help
Life with Huntington’s
Practical matters
Getting emotional support
Talking to people about Huntington's
Thinking about the end of life
If you're a carer
Support for carers
Managing communication difficulties
Managing challenging behaviour
Emotional support
Financial help for carers
Leisure, travel and help with costs
Practical matters
Talking to others
Approaching the end of life
If you're an older carer
Guides
Additional Resources
Where to get advice
If you have Juvenile Huntington's
Sources of support
Getting the care you need
Getting the most out of life
Getting financial help
Talking about Juvenile Huntington's
Getting emotional support
Education with Juvenile Huntington's
Becoming a young adult
Approaching the end of life
For children and young people
Help for children
Help for teenagers
Help for young adults
Help for young carers
Our youth engagement service
SHDA Service
Branches and support groups
Information resources
COVID-19 information and advice hub
Professionals
About Huntington's
Medication for Huntington’s disease
Resources for professionals
Best practice in Huntington’s disease
Best practice in Juvenile Huntington’s disease
Huntington’s disease training courses
Professional membership of the Huntington’s Disease Association
Working with patients and families
Additional Support
Financial support
HDA Quality Assured Accreditation
Get involved
Volunteering
HD Voice
Share your story
Huntington's disease research
Local branches or support groups
Fundraising
Donating
COVID-19 appeal
Make a donation
Ways to donate
In memory
Legacy
How your donation helps
Company giving
Together for children appeal
Digital Fundraising
Communication consent
Campaigning and awareness
Research
Get involved in research
Research we fund
Other research studies and resources
About us
Who we are
Meet the team
Meet the executive council
Using our logo
What we do
Specialist Huntington’s Disease Advisory Service
Membership
Magazine and newsletters
Annual report and accounts
Our vision, mission and values
Our strategy 2018 - 2022
Notice of Annual General Meeting 2020
Contact us
Message Board
News
Events
Shop
Donate
Terms and conditions
Disclaimer
The Huntington’s Disease Association intends the information published on the HDA website to provide a news and reference source for the UK.
While we aim to ensure that information is accurate and correct at all times, any individual or organisation making use of information from this site does so at their own risk and the HDA takes no responsibility for any actions arising from this.
Any disputes will be resolved in the English courts under English law.
All rights reserved.
Unless stated otherwise, no part of HDA website may be reproduced or used in any form or by any means either wholly or in part, without prior permission of the HDA.
For detailed information and international enquiries, please call 0151 331 5444
Message board terms & conditions
Please take a moment to review the Terms and Conditions detailed below (you can view them again during the registration process). Remember, you cannot use the HDA Message Board unless you agree to these Terms and Conditions. Once you start using the HDA Message Board you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. The Huntington’s Disease Association reserves the right to prohibit you from using this site if it believes you have infringed these rules.
1. Terms
Children under the age of 16 are prohibited from creating an account and becoming a member of the HDA Message Board. In registering as a member you are acknowledging that you are aged 16 or above.
By registering you agree not to participate in mischievous or malicious behaviour which causes damage or may cause damage to the HDA or to any other individual or organisation.
Messages must not be obscene, vulgar, defamatory or libellous, sexually orientated, hateful, threatening or otherwise violate any laws or good morals and practice.
Messages containing contact details, phone numbers, fax numbers or postal addresses are not allowed except with the prior written permission of the HDA.
Messages must not contain advertisements or references to products or services.
Messages which appear to impersonate someone else are not permitted.
Repeated posting of the same or similar messages (referred to as spam) will not be permitted.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this bulletin board.
Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact the HDA immediately by e-mail.
By registering you acknowledge that the HDA is not under any obligation to monitor or review the discussion board and you agree that you are entirely responsible for all content that you make available on the board.
The HDA reserves the right from time to time to edit or remove posts that are contrary to the Terms and Conditions or not constructive to the overall purpose and mission of the HDA without prior contact with the author. Offenders may be banned from participating in the HDA Message Board without prior notice.
Posts to the message board must be in English
2. Privacy and data protection
The HDA will not share information provided through the registration process to any third party. Except in the event of any complaint about inappropriate use or posts or in case of legal action rising from any message posted by you, the HDA reserves the right to reveal your identity and other information we may know about you to comply with due process.
3. Notice
This agreement shall be governed in accordance with English law.Please check the rules from time to time. The HDA reserves the right to modify these without notice, and your use of the HDA
Message Board signifies your personal agreement.
4. Warning
This is a public forum and we encourage users to be welcoming and supportive - but remember your posts can be seen by thousands of people every day.
5. Usernames and content
Choose your username with care. Imagine the name appearing alongside your personal information. If you think you may be identified away from the board or by individuals within your family because of it, choose a username that is more random and less personal.
Posting your personal details (such as phone number, address) or arranging to meet someone in person alone can be unsafe. This discussion board is open anyone. Please keep your personal safety in mind. Any postings of this kind will be removed if they are noted.
Any individual or organisation making use of information from this site does so at their own risk and the HDA takes no responsibility for any actions arising from this.
All views and information on the discussion board are those of individuals and do not necessarily reflect the views, policy or advice of the HDA. The content is the sole responsibility of the author.
We'll be there
Suite 24, Liverpool Science Park IC1
131 Mount Pleasant
Liverpool
L3 5TF
Phone: 0151 331 5444
Email: info@hda.org.uk
Registered charity No. 296453
Company no. 2021975.
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
© 2020 Huntington’s Disease Association
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions