http://www.lhsc.on.ca/privacy/privacy-information-for-patients-families-visitors
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Outbreaks: Affected areas at University Hospital and the latest information for patients and visitors.
Privacy
Breadcrumb
LHSC Home
Privacy
Privacy Information for Patients, Families & Visitors
Privacy Information for Patients, Families & Visitors
London Health Sciences Centre (LHSC) is responsible for personal health information under its control and is committed to a high standard of privacy for their information practices. The hospital has adopted the 10 principles set out in the Ontario Privacy legislation - the Personal Health Information Protection Act, 2004 (PHIPA).
At LHSC, we respect our patient's rights regarding their health information, including your right to:
Consent or refuse collection, use and disclosure of personal health information (PHI).
Access your PHI and to make requests to correct your PHI.
Notified if your PHI is accessed inappropriately and request an audit
Know to whom your PHI has been disclosed.
Challenge the hospital’s compliance with privacy laws.
LHSC's Privacy Office was established to be a resource for privacy issues and it provides the following services:
Advocate for patient and staff privacy within the organization.
Act as the privacy experts.
Facilitate implementation of privacy laws and principles.
Conduct internal audits of health records and the organization’s processes to ensure compliance.
Develop privacy related policies and processes.
Top Stories
Research & Innovation
Study identifies biomarkers that could be used in COVID-19 blood screening tool
Study may help explain why breast cancer often spreads to the lungs
Gut microbiome may influence how cancer patients respond to oral therapies, study suggests
Stroke can be the first symptom of younger patients with COVID-19
Hospital News
Warmest wishes for a safe and healthy holiday season
Ensuring patients get the nutrients they need during a pandemic
World Antibiotic Awareness Week 2020: “Handle with Care”
Indigenous Healing Space opens
Donor Impact
Spread cheer for kids in hospital
Giving Tuesday 2020
Help Children's Hospital win $100,000
LHSC’s 2020 Blood Donor Challenge has ended
Privacy
Subsite Menu
About Us
Contact Privacy
Patients, Families & Visitors
Communicating With Your Care Team by Email
Privacy Policy
Protecting Your Privacy
What Type of Information Do We Collect About You?
How Is Your Information Used?
Do We Share Your Information with Anyone?
How Do I Access My Personal Health Information?
How Do I Correct My Personal Health Information?
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Links