https://www.getice.com/privacy-policy/
MENUTraining & Services
Corporate & Group TrainingVirtual Reality (VR)Training for IndividualsServices & Consulting
Calendar
Figure Out Which Class to TakeView All Events
Shop
All SuppliesDisaster Preparedness
Disaster SuppliesFood & Water Calculator
AED - Philips OnsitePPE - Pandemic Preparedness
Our Story
About Pam Isom
Contact UsMy Account
Resources
Floor Warden QuestionnaireIIPP/EAP Questionnaire
Privacy Policy
ICE Safety Solutions is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously, and have instituted many policies and procedures to insure that none of your privacy rights as stated herein are ever violated. The following outlines ICE Safety Solutions ‘ privacy policy and details the measures we have taken to safeguard and protect your privacy, while providing you with a unique and rewarding online experience. By visiting getice.com, you are agreeing to the policies detailed below.
In order to serve you better, ICE Safety Solutions collects and stores your personal information when you contact us via our contact form. Your information is used for internal purposes and to comply with any legal requirements. We will not sell or otherwise share any of your personal information with any third party without your permission.
ICE Safety Solutions has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and will only be accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights.
Your e-mail address is used by ICE Safety Solutions to correspond with you about any inquiries that you may place or to notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, including getice.com updates we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of receiving e-mails of this kind, ICE Safety Solutions guarantees the permanent removal of your email address from the email list.
Note: In each email you receive, there will be a link to unsubscribe or change your areas of interest.
YOUR CONSENT
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the terms of service and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to ICE Safety Solutions ‘ privacy policy. The organization reserves the right to change the terms of service, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
NBA
Honda
Golden State Warriors
BMS(Bristol Myers Squibb)
Oracle
Coca Cola
CBRE
Comcast
CMA(Country Music Association)
47703 Fremont Blvd.
Fremont, CA 94538
877-7GETICE
877-743-8423
Privacy Policy
Home
Copyright © 2020
|
ICE Safety Solutions, Inc.
English
Arabic Bengali Chinese (Simplified) English Filipino French German Gujarati Hindi Hmong Italian Japanese Kannada Korean Marathi Portuguese Punjabi Russian Sindhi Spanish Tajik Tamil Thai Turkish Urdu Vietnamese