http://www.einstein.edu/orthopedics/conditions/non-surgical
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Orthopedic Care & Services / Conditions & Treatments / Non-Surgical Treatment
Orthopedics
Orthopedics Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Non-Surgical Treatment
Many injuries or joint and bone conditions can be successfully treated without surgery. At Einstein, we specialize in non-surgical solutions and ongoing monitoring, helping to relieve your pain and other symptoms while you recover. Working closely with each patient, we develop a personalized care plan to help you recover quickly and get back to doing what you love. Non-surgical treatments include:
Rest, Ice, Compression and Elevation (RICE)
For many mild to moderate injuries, simple treatments can often be the most effective. With proper rest and care, your muscles, tendons, ligaments and joints may heal on their own.
Medication
In many cases, your doctor will recommend over-the-counter medications to reduce joint inflammation, pain and stiffness. If over-the-counter medications are not adequately managing your pain, your doctor may prescribe a variety of medications to help reduce your inflammation, relax your muscles and manage your pain.
Splinting, Bracing & Assistive Devices
After certain injuries, immobilizing the injured area with a splint, brace, cast or sling helps to ensure proper healing, reduce stress on the joint and provide pain relief. Your doctor may also recommend assistive devices such as crutches to help with your mobility and avoid putting pressure on the injured bone or joint while you recover.
Steroid & Nerve Block Injections
For pain that is a result of certain chronic conditions such as osteoarthritis, your doctor may recommend corticosteroid injections to reduce inflammation, or nerve block injections to prevent your nerves from sending pain signals to your brain. These treatments can often provide long-lasting pain relief.
Platelet-Rich Plasma Therapy
Platelet-rich plasma therapy is a type of regenerative medicine that uses the body’s own powerful healing mechanisms. Injecting concentrated of platelet-rich plasma into an injured area can accelerate healing after certain types of injuries. Platelet-rich plasma is made by taking a few vials of your blood and using a centrifuge to concentrate the platelets. An ultrasound device is then used to guide the needle to the injured area for a precise injection.
Physical Therapy
Physical therapy is an important part of the recovery process after many orthopedic conditions and injuries. Stretching and specialized exercises designed to strengthen the muscles around the affected area can help you regain your movement and range of motion, and stabilize injured joints, helping you to recover faster and prevent a recurrence.
Our orthopedic team at Einstein works closely with MossRehab, a part of the Einstein Healthcare Network and one of the top-ranked rehabilitation facilities in the country.
Meet Our Team
Learn more about our board-certified orthopedic specialists and schedule an appointment to discuss your treatment options today.
Find a Specialist
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have comprehensive clinical expertise in orthopedics and are actively invested in resident education.
Accreditation & Partnerships
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.