http://www.agd.org/agd-privacy-policy
Menu
search
user
phone
users
Map Pin
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
youtube
instagram
lock
AGD Privacy Policy
Home
AGD Privacy Policy
Thank you for reviewing the agd.org privacy policy. The Academy of General Dentistry (AGD) is committed to protecting your privacy. This website is provided by AGD but may include information and communications from other sources. AGD collects information from users at several different points on the website, as indicated below. Please read on for more details of the agd.org privacy policy.Personal Information If you choose to provide us with personal information through any method, including but not limited to completing a form or sending us an email, we will use that information to respond to your message and provide you with the information or services you have requested. Information sent by email to AGD is accessed only by AGD staff as necessary to complete the function requested by the website visitor. The servers on which information is stored are kept in a secure environment, protected electronically from access by unauthorized individuals.Remember that email isn't necessarily secure. You should never send sensitive or personal information like your Social Security number in an email. Use postal mail or secure websites instead.AGD will keep your email confidential. We will not sell, rent or share this information with any company or organization, including AGD sponsors, without your express written permission. However, AGD reserves to right to provide your physical address to sponsors or other vendors based on AGD’s business relationships. Users may contact AGD to opt out of having their information shared with third parties.On occasion, we may ask for personal information to better track who is going to the site and to learn what features are valuable to you. If elements of our privacy policy change, we will post them to the site.Information Collected and Stored Automatically We use tracking software to monitor site usage and user traffic patterns to help us develop the design and layout of the website. This software does not enable us to capture any personal passenger information. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web) from which you access our website;The type of browser and operating system you use to access our site;The date and time you access our siteThe pages you visit; andIf you linked to agd.org from another website, the address of that website.We use this information to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use, which helps us make our site more useful to visitors. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.Linking Policy and Disclaimer of EndorsementThis privacy statement only covers the website owned and controlled by AGD. It does not cover links to other websites, any information collected by the parties that own and control those websites or their use of cookies.This site links to many websites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. AGD provides links to these sites as a service to our users. The presence of a link does not constitute an AGD endorsement of the site.When users follow a link to an outside website, they are leaving agd.org and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the outside websites’ owners/sponsors. AGD is not responsible for the information collection practices of non-AGD sites.If you have a concern regarding the way your personal information will be used on other sites, then you are advised to read the relevant privacy statement or, in the absence of such a statement on the site, contact the company concerned. Any data stored by third-party websites are stored completely separately by the third party.SurveysFrom time to time, information may be requested via surveys. Participation in surveys is voluntary, and the user may choose whether or not to disclose information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address) and demographic information (such as gender and age). Users may have the option of completing the survey without providing this information. Survey information is used for the purposes of monitoring oral health trends or improving the use and effectiveness of the site.Use of Cookies"Cookies" are small pieces of information that some websites store on your computer's hard drive when you visit them to gather information regarding the sources of site traffic. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify your security settings so that you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis. Our site requires that cookies, JavaScript and Java Applets be enabled. If you reject cookies from our site, some parts of our site may not work properly.Our sponsors and advertisers, and their ad servers, may use cookies when you view pages on our site. They use those cookies to collect non-personal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising. We do not control these third parties' use of cookies or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. However, our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on agd.org. If you click on an advertisement on our site and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.Some ad servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies. To do so, you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site. You can opt out of cookies for several ad servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site, where you also can review the privacy policies of those ad servers.Privacy Policy ChangesOur privacy policy may change from time to time. Any changes to the statement will be posted on this page.