https://www.optometry.org.au/practice-professional-support/optometry-advisor-help-desk/
Quick links
Quick links
You are here:
Home > Practice & professional support > Optometry Advisor help desk
Optometry Advisors
We have dedicated experienced optometrists ready to help with your clinical, ethical and professional questions.
This member-only service is available to assist you in all facets of your professional practice, including:
New graduate support
Medicare or private billing
brainstorm clinical and patient management
patient complaints and privacy issues
record keeping and referrals
reporting patients who are unfit to drive
employment, career and contract advice
HR and workplace issues
CPD, registration, extended leave and return to work
AHPRA audit help
We’re also here to support you with more complex issues – from AHPRA investigations to Medicare audits, medico-legal issues to major sector change – no matter how big or small your query, we are only a phone call or email away. We take pride in providing you with independent and unbiased advice and this will be provided in complete confidentiality and without judgement.
Monday to Friday
Email: national@optometry.org.au
Phone: (03) 9668 8500
Meet our advisors
Ben Hamlyn
Member Support & Policy Advisor
Ben has a background in independent and corporate optometry, as well as outreach eye care and education.
He has worked in metropolitan, regional and overseas locations and has provided extensive outreach services in South Australia and the Northern Territory.
Ben continues to divide his time between Optometry Australia and providing outreach services.
Sophie Koh
National Professional Services Advisor
Sophie has taught optometry students over the past decade and has had diverse experience working in both public health and corporate sectors across metro, rural and outback Australia. She has also had extensive experience working with ophthalmology teams and non-profit organisations in the Northern Territory, East Timor, Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
Luke Arundel
Chief Clinical Officer
The helpdesk is supported by our Chief Clinical Officer, Luke Arundel. Originally from the Northern Territory, Luke has worked in corporate, private and contact lens practices in Australia and Ireland. He has also worked in the public health sector, in contact lens design and manufacturing, and teaches at the University of Melbourne. Luke generally provides assistance on more complex issues and cases.
Did you know?
State office support
You can also access professional assistance from your state division, particularly around contract negotiations, registration requirements and state legislative requirements. To contact your state office, please visit the Contact Us page.
HR support
You can also receive HR, workplace and contract advice via Optometry Australia’s Industry Legal Group. ILG works closely with us and is staffed with HR lawyers with tailored knowledge of the optometry profession and employment conditions. Basic queries with ILG are complimentary as part of your membership. However, if ILG has been engaged by you to provide a more substantial service, you may be charged a fee at a special discounted rate (current OA member rate is $290/hour). ILG will always provide you with an approximate cost to undertake the work prior to commencement.
Frequently asked questions
We have compiled your most frequently asked questions under our FAQ page.
You might be interested in
Myopia Profile and CORE form alliance
An Australian-developed childhood myopia management resource has formed an alliance with a Canadian-based centre for eye research and education to expand their services and reach.
View
You may be eligible for business interruption insurance claim if previously denied
Members whose previous claim against their business interruption insurance due to COVID-19 was refused or denied may in fact be eligible following a recent decision by the New South Wales Court of Appeal.
View
AMD injections most costly for government
Aflibercept, sold under the brand name Eylea, was the costliest drug to the Australian government in 2019-2020, costing the taxpayer almost $400 million, while rambizumab (Lucentis) cost $218 million.
View
Professional support is even more critical during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Optometry Australia, at both national and state level, has rallied to
support members by offering unprecedented value for the coming year:
RENEW/JOIN for 2020-21 and receive
50% discount on NSW/ACT membership fees
RENEW NOW                      JOIN NOW
×
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Due to Coronavirus (COVID-19), not all optometry practices are currently open or seeing patients outside of urgent eye health services. Optometrists have been advised to use their clinical judgement to determine if appointments can be postponed.
We recommend calling your optometrist and discussing your eye health concerns with them to determine if an appointment is necessary.
You can also use our Find an Optometrist function to find an optometrist near you providing telehealth and/or urgent care services. Urgent care is care that can’t be postponed without risk to your health or wellbeing. This may include replacing lost or broken glasses, or investigating red or sore eyes or sudden changes in vision.
×
Member Login
×
We use cookies to deliver a better user experience. By selecting 'I accept' you are agreeing to our cookie policy as set out in our Privacy Policy. For more information about the use of cookies and the processing of your personal information, please read our Privacy Policy.I acceptI do not acceptPrivacy policy