http://www.spiritofchange.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
SectionsHome
Calendar
Directory
Journal
Alternative Medicine
Food
Green Living
Mind & Spirit
Politics & Community
About UsAbout Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Natural Living Expo
Issue Archive
Pay My Bill
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 15, 2016
—-
Spirit of Change Magazine operates http://www.spiritofchange.org. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this. When you purchase something from our site, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our site, new articles and other updates.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card or place an order, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at advertise@spiritofchange.org or mailing us at: Spirit of Change Magazine PO Box 405, Uxbridge, MA, 01569, United States
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 – COOKIES
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
SECTION 5 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
When you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 7 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at advertise@spiritofchange.org or by mail at:
Spirit of Change Magazine
Re: Privacy Compliance Officer
PO Box 405
Uxbridge, MA, 01569
Spirit of Change
Current Issue
All Issues
Digital Edition
Health Directory
Advertise
Subscribe
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Daily Astrology
December 11, 2020A powerful forward push launches the day. Just an hour after midnight the Sun makes an energizing trine with Mars. Night owls respond with enthusiasm…
More of Today's Forecast
Calendar
New England Holistic EventsFind online and in-person classes, workshops, trainings, conferences, meditations, events, groups and more. Listings are free!
See Featured Events »
See All Events »
Health Directory
Browse all listings »
What’s Popular
7 Brilliant Ways To Work With CitrineThe Spiritual Roots Of HairAstonishing Remote Healing SuccessSymptoms of Dimensional Shifting: Phase One Is Complete!5 Juice Recipes For Depression12 Healing HouseplantsHow To Make And Use Magical Moon WaterThe 13th Chakra and The Acceleration of HealingPandemic Lessons From Japan: A Tradition Of Considering OthersHPV Herbal Healing
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next