http://www.ccsa.ca/website-terms-use-and-legal-restrictions
Browse COVID-19 resources from partners and CCSA experts – trusted sources for your information and research needs.
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Website Terms of Use and Legal Restrictions
Website Terms of Use and Legal Restrictions
Share
on Twitter
on LinkedIn
on Facebook
via email
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS ("TERMS") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE ("SITE"). USING THIS SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
The Canadian Centre on Substance Abuse, operating as the Canadian Centre on Substance Use and Addiction (CCSA), was created by Parliament to provide national leadership to address substance use in Canada. A trusted counsel, CCSA provides national guidance to decision makers by harnessing the power of research, curating knowledge and bringing together diverse perspectives. The majority of CCSA activities and products are made possible through a financial contribution from Health Canada. The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the views of the Government of Canada.
Use of the CCSA Sites
CCSA authorizes you to view and download the materials at these sites (CCSA.ca, issuesofsubstance.ca, findaddictioncare.ca, thehighwayhome.ca and PEP-AH.ca) only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials and on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at these sites in any way, or reproduce, copy, publicly display or distribute the materials in any form, or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. Pursuant to these Terms, any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is also prohibited. No part of these sites, including logos or graphics, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of CCSA (Application for Copyright Permission).
Trademarks
CCSA and the CCSA logo are trademarks of the Canadian Centre on Substance Use and Addiction. All other brands, trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
No posting allowed
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any material to or from this Site.
Mirroring of materials prohibited
You may not, without CCSA's prior express written permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server.
Linking to and from other websites
This Site may be linked to other websites that are not under the control of and are not maintained by CCSA. CCSA is not responsible for the content of those websites. CCSA is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such websites does not imply endorsement by CCSA of those websites. Anyone linking to this Site must comply with these Terms and all applicable laws.
Termination of rights
If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates.
Disclaimer (no warranty)
The materials provided at this Site are provided "as is" without any warranties or conditions of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. CCSA further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials at this Site. CCSA may make changes to the materials at this Site, at any time, without notice. The materials at this Site may be out of date, and CCSA makes no commitment to update the materials at this Site.
Limitation of liability
In no event will CCSA be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits or lost data) arising out of use, inability to use, or the results of use of this Site, any websites linked to this Site, or the materials or information contained at any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. You agree to hold CCSA harmless from, and you covenant not to sue CCSA for, any claims based on using the Site.
Recourse
If you are dissatisfied with this Site or with these Terms, your sole exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Site.
Applicable laws
This Site is administered by CCSA from a location in the Province of Ontario. CCSA makes no representation that materials at this Site are not appropriate or available for use outside of the Province of Ontario and access to them from locations where their contents are illegal is prohibited. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws.
Social media
CCSA reserves the right to monitor and remove content on all CCSA web-based platforms (CCSA.ca, issuesofsubstance.ca, findaddictioncare.ca, thehighwayhome.ca and PEP-AH.ca) and social media sites (Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Facebook, CCSA Instagram and PEP-AH Instagram) that we consider to be offensive, derogatory, abusive, malicious or otherwise harmful, unacceptable or obscene.
General
These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional communications. CCSA may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
Copyright
Copyright 2020 by Canadian Centre on Substance Use and Addiction. All rights reserved.Last updated: January 2020
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience possible on our website.
You can change your cookie settings in your web browser at any time. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive cookies from our website. Review our Privacy Notice for more information.
Continue