http://www.pawtuckethealthcare.com/policies-and-security.html
Policies and Security Statement
Payment
Armistice Urgent Care & Occupational Health, (Armistice Urgent Care) provides our clients with easy option to pay their bills. Armistice Urgent Care doesn’t sell any products or services from this site.
Security
Armistice Urgent Care, we take your privacy and security very seriously. As a result, Armistice Urgent Care uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect the privacy of the information you provide us. SSL encryption scrambles the personal and financial data traveling from your computer to our website to ensure the information is never lost, stolen, misused or altered.
Privacy
Armistice Urgent Care will never sell, trade or rent your personal information with any third-party entity. Information such as names, addresses, emails and personal comments will be retained by Armistice Urgent Care in order to improve the customer experience and to process your payment with us online. Credit card information is not retained after the transaction is completed. There is no need for us to retain this information. You will be prompted to reenter your credit card information when making future purchases. If Armistice Urgent Care customers wish to leave a testimonial in our comments section, we will first ask for your permission to reprint or use this information.
Method of Payment
Armistice Urgent Care accepts Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card and PayPal using SSL encryption technology to ensure your financial security.
Payment
This site is to provide our clients another easy way to pay their bill. We don’t sell any products or services from this site.
Policy Review
We reserve the right to make changes to our policy and security statement at any time and advise you to check and review our policy statement periodically.
Refunds
Credit card refunds will be handled on an individual basis. If you believe there has been an error please call our office.
x
About Armistice Urgent Care
Mon - Fri : 9am -9pmWeekend : 9am - 5pm