https://www.lupus-support.org/privacy/
Jump to content
NEW Coronavirus Forum! Stay safe by staying at home! Be well!
×
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
GET YOUR FLU VACCINE!
HAPPY DIWALI!
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY
Your security and that of all Our Members is very important to Us. Please read Our Privacy policy for important information regarding the use of Your personal data and Your rights in relation to this at the end of this section.
TERMINATION
You can cancel Your Membership by Emailing the Director.
We may terminate Your membership, delete Your profile and any content or information that You have posted on the Website and/or prohibit You from using or accessing the Website for any reason, or no reason, at any time in Our sole discretion, with or without notice, including without limitation if We believe that You are under 18, unless you have parental or caregiver permission, which necessitates contact with Us, so we can determine whether a minor, ie someone under 18 years, has parental or caregiver permission. We believe strongly that dealing with a chronic disease is stressful and that young people need the support of their caregivers.
OUR LEGAL OBLIGATIONS AND LIMITS ON LIABILITY
While We have taken every care in compiling the LuPUS Message Board Website, You acknowledge that the information contained on this Website does not constitute medical or professional advice. This Website is provided for information purposes only and all content and services on this Website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We do not make any promises to You in respect of the Website or its content, including, without limitation, information provided by or regarding other Members.
Any decision made or action taken by You on the basis of information provided on or via the Website is at Your sole discretion and risk. You should seek appropriate professional advice before acting (or not acting) in reliance on any information contained in or accessed through this Website. So far as is permissible by law, We do not accept any liability to any person relating to the use of this Website.
Whilst We will use all reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions in Our content as soon as practicable once they have been brought to Our attention, We do not promise that the Website will be available uninterrupted and in a fully operating condition nor that the information on and provided via the Website will be free from errors or omissions. We shall not be liable for any failure or suspension of the Website, or for termination of access to the Website or access to Website content.
Due to the fact that many technical aspects of the Website and the content provided is supplied by or otherwise dependent on third parties, such as our web hosts, We are not responsible for the accuracy, suitability, reliability, completeness, performance, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or freedom from viruses, or other harmful programs of the content contained in or accessed through this Website.
We will not be liable for indirect losses which are a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not reasonably foreseeable by You and Us at the time of entering into these Terms, for example loss of profits or loss of opportunity.
GENERAL
If any part of these Terms is disallowed or found to be ineffective by any court or regulator, the other provisions shall continue to apply.
In the event of any dispute between You and Us concerning these Terms, the relevant laws of England and Wales will apply. If You wish to take court proceedings against Us You must do so within the courts of England and Wales.
COMPLAINTS AND FEEDBACK
If You have any complaints about another Member or any aspect of the Website or if You have any questions or would otherwise like to provide any other feedback, then You can contact Us by Emailing the Director.
PRIVACY
Data
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) will only collect, process and store information we have openly collected from you or with your consent, in accordance with data protection laws. Your details will be held only by LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) and will not be made available to any third party, except where otherwise stated. For example, should we develop secure online donation pages you will go through to a third party in order to donate. Currently, when you Register at http://www.lupus-support.org.uk, we will email you with information and then delete your email address from our emails which means that your email address is not stored on any computer.
When you Register with the LuPUS Message Board here, on a separate website, your details are held in a password protected database online where our data is stored by our webhost. Only the Admin has access to this database. Your details are not held on any computer. These registration details contain minimal information such as Full Name, Country, your Display Name, Login Name and chosen Password. All these details can be updated. Please do not share your password with anyone else. You can access and update information on LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) at any time on the LuPUS Message Board, after you login.
Email
If you send information to LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) via email, please be aware that that LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) cannot guarantee its security during transit. These emails remain confidential and are between you and the Director of LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS). Should you wish to use a secure email system, you will need to implement the system yourself and then contact Us so we can use the same secure email system to exchange emails.
Cookies
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) does not use cookies to track you online. We do not monitor your behaviour in any way. We do record your IP address in order to ensure that an IP address is not being used by spammers, bots or to try to hack our system. Should that be the case, we can then ban that IP address from entering our Websites. If you share a computer, delete your cookies, which may contain your login information. At the bottom of each page of the LuPUS Message Board forums, you will see: Delete My Cookies.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SUMMARY
Access to and use of the LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) website is provided by LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) subject to the following Terms and conditions:
By using the LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) website you agree to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of the LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) website.
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) may change these Terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online. Please review these Terms and Conditions regularly. Use of the LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) site after changes to the Terms and Conditions are posted means you agree to be legally bound by the updated Terms and Conditions.
COPYRIGHT
All rights reserved. All materials are copyright © 20011 LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS). The LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) name, logo are trademarks of LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS).
DISCLAIMER SUMMARY
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) endeavours to ensure the content of this website is accurate and up to date but does not accept any liability for error or omission.
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) is not a medical organisation and provides information rather than advice. LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) does not accept liability for any inconvenience, loss or damage arising from the use or inability to use any of the information on this website.
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) takes no responsibility for the content of external websites and any such links should not be taken as an endorsement of any kind.
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS) cannot offer emergency psychological support. If You have suicidal ideation, you must contact your doctor immediately. You can also seek advice from organisations such as The Samaritans.
LUpus Patients Understanding & Support (LUPUS): The LuPUS Message Board, 45/28 Shlomo Hamelech, Netanya, Hasharon, 4226723
Third Parties
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
Gallery
Downloads
Homepage
Blogs
Calendar
Guidelines
Staff
Online Users
Activity
Back
All Activity
My Activity Streams
Back
Unread Forum Topics
Unread Content
Content I Started
Search
Pages
Leaderboard
Clubs
×
Create New...
Important Information
I accept