https://www.carymedicalcenter.org/helpful-information/for-our-patients/patient-privacy/
Public Health Advisory: Information and updates regarding Coronavirus
COVID-19 Relief and Response: How you can help.Current Visitation Policy
Patient Privacy
Family Health Care, Oncology, Orthopedics, OB Health Services: Caribou, ME
Accommodations
Advanced Directive
Patient Advocacy
Patient Privacy
Patient Rights
Special Needs
Your Inpatient Stay
Our Services
Patient Privacy
Information about patients and their medical care is private. Keeping this information secure and accessible only to those who need it in order to provide health services is called patient confidentiality. At Cary Medical Center, we have a specific policy to guarantee our patients that:
all information gathered from patients will be kept private
all information about their medical condition and treatment will be kept private
medical information will be used only by the professional staff involved in the patient’s case
our employees know their responsibility concerning patient confidentiality upon being hired, each employee must sign a statement agreeing that all patient  information will be kept private. Misuse of patient information by hospital staff may result in immediate termination.
View Privacy Practices Brochure
Confidentiality of your health information is a priority. That is why we adhere to very strict federal patient privacy laws known as the American Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). Before we release any of your medical information to you, we will require you to sign a release form. There are additional consent requirements for requests of information regarding spouses, children, parents, or others you may be responsible for. Our Health Information Services team will gladly explain these requirements to you. Please call us at 498-1117 for additional information or to arrange an appointment with one of our health information specialists. (Click here to learn more about our Health Information Services Department.)
If you have additional questions or concerns regarding your personal or medical information that has been gathered while you were a patient at Cary Medical Center, please feel free to contact our Social Services department at 498-1215.