https://www.aaoaf.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to aaoaf.org! This site is owned by My Canadian Pharmacy.
We take seriously privacy concerns and would like you to know how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our methods of working with information that we collect through a website or web objects (including, for example, a mobile website). By submitting your personal information to us or by using this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Consent to the processing of personal data includes consent to the processing, storage, use, dissemination of the personal data provided. The consent to the processing of personal data, given to Canadian Pharmacy, will be valid for an unlimited period of time and may be withdrawn from the company at any time by withdrawing the consent to the use of personal data or requesting that the specified data be changed to the appropriate contact persons.
This consent is given to the company with respect to the following personal data: first name, last name, contact details, other personal data on actions (operations) with the specified personal data, including processing, storage, use, dissemination, de-identification of personal data. We can charge the processing of personal data to third parties, provided that third parties undertake to ensure the safety and confidentiality of the transmitted personal data.
When processing personal data, we undertake to comply with measures for their security to protect personal data from unlawful or accidental access to them, destruction, alteration, blocking, copying, dissemination of personal data, as well as from other illegal actions.
We have the right to disclose information to internal and external legal advisers, as well as in accordance with the requirements of applicable law, court orders or government decrees, or in accordance with the legal requirements of government departments.
Individuals have the right of access to the personal data relating to them, which is stored in the base of the pharmacy. In addition, they are entitled to require that the necessary changes and new data be made to the information stored in the database. In cases where the stored information is incorrect or irrelevant, individuals are entitled to demand that this information be deleted. Individuals wishing to exercise their rights or obtain more detailed information should contact us using the contact phone number listed on the website.
Collection of information
The information you provide
Some sections of this Site (for example, a checkout page) may ask you to provide personal information so that you can use the services of our company and take advantage of certain features (for example, subscribe to newsletters). This information includes first name, last name, contact details, etc. You will be warned about what information is mandatory and what information is not.
Passive collection and use of information
While navigating this Site, passive collection of information is possible using various technologies. We and our third-party service providers passively collect and use information in various ways, including:
Via your browser: Certain information is collected by most browsers, for example, the type and version of your computer’s operating system, the screen resolution, the type and version of an Internet browser. We may collect information such as the type and identifier of your device if you access the Site through a mobile device;
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the computer you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Site, pages viewed and language preferences. We and our service providers use this information for security purposes to facilitate navigation, more effectively display information and personalize your use of this Site. We also use cookies to recognize your computer or device, which facilitates your use of this Site. In addition, we use cookies to collect statistical information about the use of this Site in order to continually improve its design and functionality, understand how individuals use it, and assist in resolving issues related to it. You may refuse to accept cookies by following the instructions in your browser; however, if you do not accept them, you may experience some inconvenience when using the Site;
IP Address: Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider. The IP address is identified and automatically registered in the files of our server each time a user visits the Site; in addition, the time of the visit and the pages viewed are recorded. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. We use IP-addresses for such purposes as calculating the level of attendance of the Site, diagnosing problems on the server and administering the Site;
Device information: We may collect information about your mobile device, for example, a unique device identifier.
How we use and disclose information
We use and disclose the information provided to us by you, as indicated at the time of its collection.
We also use information from or about you:
to answer your questions and fulfill your requests, for example, sending the documents you requested or email alerts;
to send you important information about our relationship with you or about the Site, including changes to our terms, conditions and policies and (or) other information of an administrative nature;
for business purposes, for example, for data analysis, auditing, developing new products, expanding the functions of the website, improving our products and services, identifying trends in the use of the Site, personalizing your experience on the Site by introducing products and offers adapted to you, and determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
We also disclose information collected through the Site:
our third-party partners (for example, delivery service);
our third-party service providers such as hosting and administering a website, hosting mobile applications, analyzing data, processing payments, fulfilling orders, providing IT services, credit card processing and other services to enable them to provide their services.
In addition, we use and disclose information collected through the Site, which we consider necessary or appropriate: (a) in accordance with applicable law, including laws applicable outside of your country of residence; (b) to assist the judicial process; (c) in response to requests from public authorities, including public authorities outside your country of residence; (d) in order to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) in order to protect our activities; (e) in order to protect our and your rights, confidentiality, security or property and (or) rights, confidentiality, security or property of our partners and other persons. We may also use and disclose information collected through the Site in other ways, with your consent.
Sites and services of third parties
This Privacy Policy does not apply to privacy, information and other aspects of any third parties, including third parties, managing any website or web object accessible through this Site or to which this Site contains a link. We are also not responsible for the confidentiality, information and other aspects of any third parties. The presence or inclusion of a link to any such site or object on the Site does not imply any confirmation from our side or from our affiliates.
Data security
We take all the necessary measures to protect your personal information. However, no single data storage or transmission system over the Internet can guarantee complete security. If you have reason to believe that your information sharing with us is not secure, please notify us immediately by using the “Contact us” page.
Choice and access
Your choice regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information.
My Canadian Pharmacy gives you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes. You can refuse to:
receive marketing messages from us: If you do not want to receive marketing messages from us in the future, you can opt out by contacting us by email. In your reply, please provide us with your name, the form of marketing messages that you don’t want to receive anymore, and the address to which they are sent;
receive reminders from us: If you do not want to receive medical reminders from us in the future, you can opt out by contacting us by email. In your reply, please indicate your name and email address for which you receive reminders from us.
We will try to fulfill your request (s) as soon as possible. However, please note that if you unsubscribe from the above methods, we will not be able to remove your personal information from the databases of affiliated companies to which it has already been transferred (i.e. those to whom it has already been transferred on the date of your failure). Please note that if you refuse to receive marketing messages from us, we can still send you important administrative messages that you cannot refuse.
How to view, change or delete your personal information
If you want to view, correct, change or delete the personal information that you provided through the Site, please contact us using the contact form in the “Contact Us” page. We will try to fulfill your requirement as soon as possible.
Period of data storage
We store your personal information for a period of time necessary for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy unless a longer shelf life is necessary or allowed by applicable law.
Use of the site by minors
This Site should not be used by teenagers or children. Teenagers or children may use the Site only with the prior consent of his parent or legal guardian.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will take effect from the moment a new version of the Policy is published on the Site. Your use of the Site after making changes would mean that you accepted the new Privacy Policy.
Need help? Contact our customer
support center at info@aaoaf.org
Categories
Healthcare
Latest Posts
Antibiotics For Sinusitis Treatment
Two Websites of One Online Store – My Canadian Pharmacy
ED Treatments: Things You Should Know
Online Pharmacy: Easy, Budget-Saving, Convenient!
Things You Need To Know About Antibiotics
NavigationNews
Sitemap