https://www.aboutface.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We care about your privacy
Privacy Policy for AboutFace (website piece)
At AboutFace, we take the privacy and confidentiality of our clients, members, donors and volunteers very seriously. Their right to privacy is of utmost importance to us. As well, we recognize that the private information we collect from our clients is sensitive and personal, however, it is also key to providing quality services and relevant programs to these individuals. AboutFace only uses the information collected to target and segment its membership accordingly. It’s produces mailing lists for various purposes: to mail the quarterly newsletter or other related information; to inform members, clients or donors of current or upcoming events, programs and services; and, to make appropriate and effective peer connections, be it age, condition, medical procedure, or geographic related.
At different stages throughout this website, AboutFace will require you to share personal information. We collect the information from two areas, public information and/or personal/private information. The first area, public information, is considered general information that one could find in a phone book, website, directory, etc. The second relates mainly to clients who are involved with the organization, including date of birth, congenital condition, medical procedures, partner information, and family history. For donors, this might also include credit cards or banking information for monthly donors. Again, this information is only collected for our internal use. The staff will use this information when connecting individuals, or targeting programs or service of interest, i.e. child programs versus adult programs, or processing monthly donations requirements.
As part of our commitment to compliance with PIPA, AboutFace has developed and implemented internal policies and procedures to protect the privacy rights or our clients, donors, volunteers and members. The information we collect is managed in an industry-rated computer program providing restricted access to non-regulated staff members and access codes for entry. In addition, AboutFace as a principle does not trade, barter, lease or sell its lists (clients, donors, etc.) to anyone including industry or commercial members, clients, sponsors or any other external entity. Any and all lists produced for internal use only, and are shredded manually by a trained records-management staff to ensure the confidentially of our clients, donors and membership base, once the list is no longer required. Consent forms are also required when participating in all organization programs or events. This is done to enable AboutFace to use the pictures, audiotapes, videotapes, or quotations from clients for any charitable purpose to illustrate our activities, demonstrate our programs, or document our work. Clients are given the option to opt “into” or “out of” such activities at any time.
In all cases, AboutFace will require members to sign a form of consent outlining that they understand the terms and conditions of our information collection. This form is included in all registration, application or consent materials used by our clients and members. They are given the option to opt out of entering into our database.
Please contact our Privacy Officer for immediate details: Danielle Griffin, Executive Director, AboutFace: danielle@aboutface.ca.