https://www.towsonsportsmedicine.com/privacy-policy/
Office Locations
|
Contact Us
Search:
COVID-19 Message
Home
Programs
TSM Programs Overview
TSM Therapy
Physical Therapy
Hand Therapy
Aquatic Therapy
Therapy Staff
» TSM Therapists By Location
Jordan Altekruse PT, DPT
Julie Bage, PT, DPT, OCS
James Bickley DPT, CSCS, CMTPT
Sharon Biffoni, CHT, OTR/L, CLT
Timothy Caprio, PT, DPT
Mandy Dunyak, PT, DPT
Scott Foster, DPT, OCS
Ashley Gast, PT, DPT
Corinne Howe PT, DPT
Christina Lewis, PT, Director
Kevin Mark, DPT, CHT, FAAOMPT
Holly Shearer Mihok, PT, DPT, MTC, MAS
Heather Nitsch, DPT, OCS, CHT
Michael O’Neill, PTA
Corinne Palombo, PTA
Chris Parker, PT, CSCS
Anne Neill Peck, PT
Christine Potenzone, PTA
Matthew Scheve, PT, DPT
Jason M. Shipley, PT, DPT, OCS
Meaghan Wagner, PT, DPT
Brett A. Wiegrefe, MPT
Certified Athletic Training
Concussion Management
Knee Injury Risk Reduction
Pediatric Sports Medicine
Running Center
Self-Pay Gym & Self-Pay Pool
Sports Medicine Club (NEW!)
Sports Medicine Team Coverage
Sports Physicals
Office Locations
Office Locations Overview
Sports Performance PT Abingdon MD
Physical Therapy Bel Air MD
Physical Therapy Cockeysville MD
Physical Therapy Rosedale MD
Physical Therapy & Aquatic Therapy Towson
Ortho & Spine Towson Sports Medicine
Sports Medicine Team Coverage
Sports Medicine Services Overview
Team Physician Coverage
Certified Athletic Trainers
Patient Resources
Patient Resources Overview
Patient Forms
Insurance
Submit a Patient Review
Video Library
Healthy Kids Running Series
Educational Information
Tips from the Training Room
Parent’s Corner
Univ. of Maryland Rehabilitation Network
TSM News & Articles
Join Our Team
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) is a federal program that requires that all medical and dental records and other individually identifiable health information used or disclosed by us in any form, whether electronically, on paper or orally, are kept properly confidential. This Act gives you, the patient, significant new rights to understand and control how your health information is used. HIPAA provides penalties for covered entities that misuse Protected Health Information (PHI).
This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your Protected Health Information (PHI) to carry out treatment, payment or health care operations (TPO) and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law. It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information. “Protected health information” is information about you, including demographic information, that may identify you and that relates to your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services.
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Your Protected Health Information may be used and disclosed by your physician, our office staff and others outside of our office that are involved in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you, to pay your health care bills, to support the operation of the practice, and any other use required by law.
Treatment: We will use and disclose your Protected Health Information to provide, coordinate, or manage your health care and any related services. This includes the coordination or management of your health care with a third party. For example, your protected health information may be provided to a physician to whom you have been referred to ensure that the health care professional has the necessary information to diagnose or treat you.
Payment: Your protected health information will be used, as needed, to obtain payment for health care services. For example, obtaining approval for a hospital stay may require that your relevant protected health information be disclosed to the health plan to obtain approval for the hospital admission.
Healthcare Operations: We may use or disclose, as-needed, your protected health information in order to support the business activities of your physician’s practice. These activities include, but are not limited to, quality assessment activities, employee review activities, and conducting or arranging for other business activities. We may use or disclose, as needed, your protected health information to support the business activities of this practice. In addition, we may use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician. We may also call you by name in the waiting room when your physician is ready to see you. We may use or disclose your protected health information, as necessary, to contact you to remind you of your appointment. We may call your home and leave a message (either on an answering machine or with the person answering the phone) to remind you of an upcoming appointment, the need to schedule a new appointment or to call our office. We may also mail a postcard reminder to your home address. If you would prefer that we call or contact you at another telephone number or location, please let us know.
We may use or disclose your protected health information in the following situations without your authorization. These situations include: as Required By Law, Public Health issues required by law, Communicable Diseases: Health Oversight: Abuse or Neglect: Food and Drug Administration requirements: Legal Proceedings: Law Enforcement: Coroners, Funeral Directors, and Organ Donation: Research: Criminal Activity: Military Activity and National Security: Workers’ Compensation: Inmates: Required Uses and Disclosures: Under the law, we must make disclosures to you and when required by the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to investigate or determine our compliance with the requirements of HIPAA.
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures Will Be Made Only With Your Consent, Authorization or Opportunity to Object unless required by law.
You may revoke this authorization, at any time, in writing, except to the extent that your physician or the physician’s practice has taken an action in reliance on the use or disclosure indicated in the authorization.
Your Rights
The Following is a statement of your rights with respect to your protected health information.
You have the right to inspect and copy your protected health information. Under federal law, however, you may not inspect or copy the following records; psychotherapy notes; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of, or use in, a civil, criminal, or administrative action or proceeding, and protected health information that is subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information.
You have the right to request a restriction of your health information. This means you may ask us not to use or disclose any part of your protected health information for the purposes of treatment, payment or healthcare operations. You may also request that any part of your protected health information not be disclosed to family members or friends who may be involved in you care or for notification purposes described in this Notice of Privacy Practices. Your request must state the specific restriction and to whom you want the restriction to apply.
Your physician is not required to agree to a restriction you may request. If your physician believes it is in your best interest to permit use and disclosure of your protected health information, your protected health information will not be restricted. You then have the right to use another Healthcare Professional.
You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location. You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this Notice from us, upon request, even if you have agreed to accept this Notice alternatively (i.e. electronically).
You may have the right to have your physician amend your protected health information. If we deny your request for amendment, you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal.
You have the right to receive an accounting of certain disclosures we have made, if any, of your protected health information. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Notice and will inform you of any changes. You then have the right to object or withdraw as provided in this Notice.
Complaints
You may complain to us or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us. You may file a complaint with us by notifying our privacy officer of your complaint at our office and main telephone number. We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
Cookies & Third-party Service Providers
Tracking cookies are used to collect personally unidentifiable information such as your IP address, operating system type, location, etc. In addition, Google Analytics Advertising features are enabled to track audience demographics and interests to help us better understand our users. This data may be used along with Facebook remarketing pixels to allow us to create a better experience for our visitors and to present special offers to you via ads.
Tracking tools include:
Google Analytics: Click here to learn how Google uses information.
Facebook Ads: Opt-out here>>
Google Ads: Opt-out here>>
This Notice was published and becomes effective on/or before 2016/02/26 09:17 PM
Towson Sports Medicine
Ruxton Professional Center, Suite 100
8322 Bellona Avenue
Towson, MD 21204
(410) 337-7900
TSM Topics
TSM Programs
Sports Medicine Team Coverage
Patient Resources
TSM News & Articles
Office Locations
Contact Us
TSM Programs
Program Overview
Aquatic Therapy
Certified Athletic Training Coverage
Concussion Management
Knee Injury Risk Reduction
Hand Therapy- Hand Therapy
Pediatric Sports Medicine
Physical Therapy
Running Center
Self-Pay Gym & Self-Pay Pool
Sports Medicine Team Coverage
Sports Physicals
Copyright (c) 2020 Towson Sports Medicine. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Statement |  Privacy Policy
Website:  Small Details
Message From Towson Sports Medicine
Towson Sports Medicine continues to address physical rehabilitationof those in need.
We do this by restricting the number of patients in our clinics and strictly abiding by all CDC recommendations.
We are also able to offer remote services by means of phone calls and/or video conferencing.  The offering of these services is dependent on your insurance.
Do not hesitate to call if you have any questions or would like to have your therapy needs addressed by one of our therapists at any of our locations.
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
We respect your privacy. Your information is safe and will never be shared.
Don't miss out. Subscribe today.
×
×