https://www.dfaf.org/journal-privacy-policy/
Journal Privacy Policy
Home / Journal Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice web site is operated by the Institute on Global Drug Policy and the International Scientific and Medical Forum on Drug Abuse on the World Wide Web of the Internet, consisting of information services and content provided by the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice, affiliates of the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice, and other third parties. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this site.
I. The Information We Collect
At the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice web site, you can express an opinion or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected include: name, zip code, e-mail address, country, institutional affiliation, conflict of interest statement and information about your interests in and use of various resources we offer. We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information such as age and educational background.
II. How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to post your article responses and to respond to your inquiries. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate your participation in these online forums and communities and to ensure that the conditions outlined in the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice Web site terms of service are maintained.
We do not disclose personally identifiable information unless it is in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency’s request.
III. Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
The Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice Web site offers links to Internet web sites that are not our own and whose information practices may be different than that of the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices since we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. The Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice has no control over these third parties’ use of this information. Our privacy policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party may have collected from you.
To enhance your experience with the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice Web site, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering for one of our forums. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
IV. Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
V. Special Note for Parents
The Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice Web site is provided for general audiences; however, the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice is aware that minors may at times visit our web site. To protect the privacy of children, it is our policy to not collect, gather, use or disclose personal information from children visiting our web site that are under the age of 13 years. Younger visitors may browse our web site; however, participation in community discussion forums, completing web site evaluation forms and other participation requiring disclosure of personal information is expressly prohibited. Children 13 years and older are subject to the same privacy policies outlined above in Sections I – IV.
Parents are solely responsible for their children’s use of the Internet and the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice Web site. By permitting children to browse our web site, parents agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice, the Institute on Global Drug Policy and the International Scientific and Medical Forum on Drug Abuse with respect to any claim based upon information presented on our web site.
VI. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice Web site online policy or its implementation you may contact us at kbelanger@dfaf.org.
Categories
Current Reseach
In The News
International News
Uncategorized
Videos
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
May 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
June 2018
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
April 2017
WordPress Image Lightbox Plugin