https://www.thealphacentercollective.org/privacy-notice/
Menu
Home
About Us
Client Success Options
Professional Relationship Counseling
Expectant-Parent Mentoring (Learn & Earn)
Client Navigation
AWAKE: After Abortion Support Group
Women of Valor: Miscarriage & Early Infant Loss
Bloom
For Donors
Donate
Giving Outside the Box
Virtual Baby Bottle Campaign
Events
For Volunteers
Ambassador Central
Individual Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer Opportunities for Groups
Contact Us Privacy NoticeThis privacy notice provides information concerning the privacy practices for www.thealphacenter.org and applies solely to information collected by this web site.We notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.How policy changes will be communicated.Information Collection, Use, and Sharing:Alpha Center is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with third parties outside of our organization except as necessary to fulfill your request.If you are a donor or volunteer, unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email or standard mail in the future to share ministry updates, event information, or changes to this privacy policy.If you are a client, we will not use your information outside of the permissions given to us during the intake process.Your Access to and Control Over InformationWith proper notice, you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:Learn what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.How do I remove my email or physical mailing address from your mailing list?If you would like to stop receiving communications from Alpha Center, you can do so by sending us an email at mail@thealphacenter.org .Event RegistrationIn order to register for an event, the user must first complete the registration form. During registration, the user is required to provide certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the event or services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.SecurityWe take consistent precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected by encryption both online and offline.Where we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also seek to protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are maintained in a secure environment.While we take these steps to protect sensitive information in secure and encrypted methods, we cannot guarantee protection from all cybercrimes or other criminal conduct. Rather, we seek to take the most reasonable steps to protect your confidential information applying at least the same standard of care we would want for our own protected information.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.CookiesWe use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Changes to this PolicyWe may make changes to this privacy notice from time to time. You may check back on this page at any time to see our current policy.If you have questions or concerns or feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 970-221-5121 or via email at mail@thealphacenter.org.How do I contact the Alpha Center with any questions?We are happy to receive and respond to any questions you may have regarding this privacy policy. Please send your questions to mail@thealphacenter.org.