http://www.alzla.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyAlzheimer's Los Angeles2018-11-13T14:00:06-08:00
Privacy PolicyWelcome to www.alzheimersla.org. This site (the “ALZLA Site”) is owned by Alzheimer’s Los Angeles (“ALZLA” or “we”). This privacy policy explains our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifying information that you may provide to us through this site.
What kinds of personally identifying information do we collect on the ALZLA Site?
When you register for a volunteer opportunity, we ask you for your first name, middle initial, last name, suffix, title (if applicable), company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.
When you sign up to donate to ALZLA, the ALZLA Site redirects you to an outside provider to process these transactions. The provider uses a secure serve so your credit card number and other personal information will be encrypted and will remain confidential.
When you sign up to receive e-mail updates, we ask you for your full name, e-mail address and street address.
When you register for our events, we ask you for your first name, last name, e-mail address, company name and title, home address, work phone, home phone, cell phone, credit card information and billing name and address.
How do we use the personally identifying information that we collect on the ALZLA Site?
We use the personally identifying information that is provided on your event RSVP form as follows:
We upload that information into our database, which is hosted by, a third-party database service provider.
Through our outside database service provider, ALZLA may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about ALZLA local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from ALZLA, (iii) solicitations to support an ALZLA position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to ALZLA.
ALZLA may provide your name and mailing address to one of the direct mail service providers that prints and distributes print mailings on ALZLA’s behalf.
If you give a gift online:
Your personally identifying information will be uploaded into our donor database, which we maintain at ALZLA’s office and which is hosted by our outside database service provider.
If you provide your e-mail address in connection with your gift, your e-mail address will be added to our database. Through our outside database service provider, ALZLA may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about ALZLA local events and programs, (ii) newsletters from ALZLA, (iii) solicitations to support an ALZLA position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to ALZLA.
If you ask to receive e-mail updates:
Through our outside database service provider, ALZLA’s may use your e-mail address to send you a variety of e-mail communications such as (i) notices about ALZLA events and programs, (ii) newsletters from ALZLA, (iii) solicitations to support an ALZLA position on an issue, and (iv) solicitations to donate money to ALZLA.
If you register for our events:
Our website stores the information you provide on the registration form and makes it available to us. We use it to confirm your registration and to send you e-mails through that provider about the conference for which you registered. Every e-mail will offer you the chance to opt out from future e-mails.
In addition, if you are not in our database, we will store your name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number in our database.
With whom do we share the personally identifying information that we collect on the ALZLA Site?
As noted above:
We share the personally identifying information that we collect when you register as a member or give a gift online with our outside database service provider and our outside credit-card processor.
We share the personally identifying information that we collect when you register for our events with our conference registration service provider and, if you have opted in, with our database service provider.
If ALZLA is required to disclose your personally identifying information by any applicable law, court order, or government regulation, that company will comply with such law, court order, or regulation.
What other kinds of identifying information, such as IP addresses, is collected when you use the ALZLA Site?
The ALZLA Site automatically collects aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity but that relates to your use of the ALZLA Site. This kind of information is “passively” collected from you through browser navigational tools, such as cookies and pixel tags. These types of technologies enable the ALZLA Site to compile statistics about our daily number of site visitors or specific page requests, while not identifying you personally, other than by your IP address, which is the Internet Protocol address of the computer that you use to access the Site.
A cookie is a small data file that a Web site transfers to a user’s hard drive when a user visits the Web site. A cookie file can contain information such as a unique ID that the site uses to track the pages visited, and is a standard method of registering website user preferences. These preferences are stored in a file on your computer’s hard disk drive.
We use “analytical” cookies to recognize and count the number of visitors to the ALZLA Site and to see how visitors move around the ALZLA Site when they’re using it. This helps us improve the way the ALZLA Site works, for example by making sure users find what they need easily.
The ALZLA Site uses both persistent and session cookies. Persistent cookies are cookies that stay on your computer permanently until you “manually” delete them. Session cookies delete themselves automatically when you leave a Web site and go to another one or shut down your browser.
You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. Rejecting a cookie, however, may preclude you from using, or may negatively affect the display or function of, the ALZLA Site or certain areas or features of the ALZLA Site. To learn more about cookies, including how to enable cookies, change your browser settings and find and delete cookies on your hard drive, please refer to your web browser’s help menus or visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Can any third party track your use of the ALZLA Site?
We use Google® Analytics. Google tracks where you go on the ALZLA Site and combines that information with information that Google may have about you through your Google account (if you have one) and/or through your use of other Web sites that use Google Analytics. Google and its affiliates may use cookies to serve advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on the ALZLA Site and on other Web sites that you visit.
We do not permit anyone other than Google and its affiliates to track your use of the ALZLA Site.
With some browsers, it is possible for a user to activate a “Do Not Track” signal, to indicate that the user does not want to be tracked across the Web sites that the user visits. The ALZLA Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals. In other words, if you have activated a Do Not Track signal in your own browser, the ALZLA Site will not take any action to block tracking by Google or its affiliates of your activity on the ALZLA Site.
How can you manage your personally identifying information on the ALZLA Site?
To keep your personally identifying information accurate, current, and complete, please contact help@alzla.org.
How do we protect and maintain the integrity of your personally identifying information on the ALZLA Site?
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you transmit it from your computer to the ALZLA Site and to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the ALZLA Site may not be secure. Be careful about sending us any confidential information, and keep secure any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features that you use on the ALZLA Site.
We will retain your personally identifying information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or our data retention policies unless a longer retention period is required by law.
The ALZLA Site may contain links or references to other Web sites in addition to the ones we have already mentioned. Please be aware that we do not control such other Web sites and that, in any case, this privacy policy does not apply to those Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every Web site you visit.
What information security precautions do we have?
ALZLA is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access and protect against the incorrect use of information, ALZLA strives to maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards.  ALZLA had adopted a number of recognized standards to protect the privacy of your information. These standards are supported by security monitoring tools, documented security policies, and periodic security audits by independent experts. The ALZLA website security measures include 24 hour monitoring of site activities. Personnel are educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and sign a statement acknowledging they will maintain the confidentiality of your information before being granted access to such information. No PCI data is stored on ALZLA servers. We also protect user information off-line. Access to user’s information is restricted to personnel who need the information to perform a specific job duty and no PCI information is stored in ALZLA offices.
How will you know if this policy has changed?
If this privacy policy changes, the revised policy will be posted here. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifying information. This privacy policy was last updated on January 2, 2018.
Go to Top