http://www.hepb.org/privacy-policy/
New tool launched to assist people living with hepatitis B in making decisions on health insurance <<read more here>>
About Us
Mission & History
Board of Directors & Staff
Our Accomplishments
Annual Reports
Our Videos
Quick Links
Drug Watch
Clinical Trials
Physician Directory
HBV Meeting
What Is Hepatitis B?
What Is Hepatitis B?
The ABCs of Viral Hepatitis
Liver Cancer and Hepatitis B
Hepatitis Delta Coinfection
Hepatitis C Coinfection
HIV/AIDS Coinfection
Prevention & Diagnosis
Vaccine
Transmission
Prevention Tips
Post-Exposure Treatment
Blood Tests and Diagnosis
Newly Diagnosed
Treatment & Management
Adults Living with Hep B
Children Living with Hep B
Pregnancy and Hep B
Treatment Options
Drug Watch
Liver Cancer Drug Watch
Clinical Trials
Physician Directory
Resources & Support
Our Blog
Current Patient Opportunities
Know Your Rights
Online Support Groups
Fact Sheets
Online Training
Glossary
B Informed Conference Videos and Information
Research & Programs
Our Research Institute
Education & Training
Hep B United Coalition
National Patient Advocacy
#JustB Storytelling Campaign
Public Health and International Programs
Hepatitis Delta Connect
Liver Cancer Connect
Coalition Against Hepatitis for People of African Origin
Hep B United Philadelphia
News & Events
HBF Reports and Publications
Hep B Press Releases
Free Newsletters
Calendar of Events
Externally Led Patient-Focused Drug Development Meeting
COVID-19 Update
Princeton Workshop
Commentary on the Cure
Awards and Events
Contact Us
Languages
Chinese Traditional
Chinese Simplified
French
Hindi
Japanese
Korean
Laotian
Mongolian
Spanish
Turkish
Vietnamese
Tagalog
Amharic
Arabic
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Hepatitis B Foundation (HBF) pledges to protect the privacy of every individual who visits our website at www.hepb.org. Any information collected on this website is used only for the purposes stated.
The Hepatitis B Foundation has taken steps to make information received from online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. All information is protected by security measures that are regularly reviewed.
By visiting www.hepb.org, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Information Use
The Hepatitis B Foundation collects information from users through several points on the website, such as registering for conferences and newsletters, making donations, ordering resource materials, and joining the Liver Specialist Directory.
The Hepatitis B Foundation will not share, sell or forward to third parties any individually identifiable personal information (e.g., your e-mail address, name, etc.).
The HBF web server routinely collects and stores information provided by your web browser such as the pages visited on our site, the date and time of the visit, the Internet address of the referring site, the IP address or your connection to the Internet, the version of browser used, and the capabilities of the browser. HBF makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information.
The Hepatitis B Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of children; we do not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 18.
Communications from the Site
HBF uses contact information to periodically send email and/or conventionally mailed newsletters dealing with liver health and hepatitis education. If you do not wish to receive email or other free resource materials from HBF, you may choose to opt-out by e-mailing info@hepb.org or calling 215-489-4900.
Outside Links
This site contains links to other non-HBF sites that are relevant to the issues of hepatitis B. We have chosen these sites carefully but cannot attest to their privacy practices or to the accuracy of their content. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this site and to read the privacy policies of any website that you may visit.
Advertising
This site does not accept or host any advertisements.
Questions
Questions regarding this notice should be directed to info@hepb.org or:
Hepatitis B Foundation3805 Old Easton RoadDoylestown, PA 18902215-489-4900 (phone)215-489-4920 (fax)