http://www.epilepsyaustralia.net/privacy/
|
0
| Login
Font Size:
Epilepsy Australia National Helpline1300 852 853
Toggle navigation
Home
Information
Epilepsy Explained
Epilepsy Treatment
Epilepsy and Risk
Epilepsy and Lifestyle Issues
Seizure First Aid
Research & Policy
Social Research
Research Registers
Policy
Resources
Publications
The Epilepsy Report
Indigenous Communities
Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy
Links
Annual Reports
Find Your Local
Epilepsy Smart Schools
Epilepsy Training
Purple Shop
Purple Day
SUDEP
Epilepsy & SUDEP
Advocacy
SUDEP Research & Education Fund
Cameron O'Brien Memorial Grant
Ambassadors
News & Media
Epilepsy e-news
Videos
Contact
Privacy
Epilepsy Australia Privacy Policy Statement
Epilepsy Australia is subject to the provisions of the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 [Privacy Amendment Act 2000]. Epilepsy Australia is committed to protecting your privacy. The following sets out how Epilepsy Australia will deal with personal information recorded through the use of its web sites.
Please read carefully the following Privacy Policy.
User consent to privacy policy
By accessing, browsing or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, agree and consent to the terms and conditions of the Policy. You consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information including personal information and anonymous browsing information (together "Information") by Epilepsy Australia pursuant to the terms of this Policy. If you do not consent to these terms and conditions, please do not access, browse, or use this website or provide Information to Epilepsy Australia.
Collection of information
Information automatically logged
Epilepsy Australia may make a record of your visit and log any of the following information for statistical and business purposes, such records may include the user's address, the user's domain name, IP address, the date and time of the visit, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site visited and the type of browser used. Identification of the user may also be requested and logged. If you send us a message, Epilepsy Australia will record your e-mail address.
Security Information
Epilepsy Australia web sites have security measures in place against the loss, misuse and alteration of information.
Cookies
Like many other web sites, this website may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of information that is sent from an Epilepsy Australia web server to a User's web browser and stored on the User's hard drive. This is typically done to recognize you and help us to understand the way our Site is being used. These cookies are stored on your computer but they never contain personal data and cannot be accessed remotely by anyone other than Epilepsy Australia and its hosting company.
Cookies may store the following information: session (numbered key) and duration. A numbered key is a unique server generated number used to track your current session. The session key can be linked back to a user's login identification.
Unique identifiers (such as log-in name and password) are collected from web site visitors to verify a user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
External Links
Some Epilepsy Australia Ltd web pages contain links to other sites. Epilepsy Australia is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Use of personal information
Personal information you supply on-line will be used by Epilepsy Australia in conducting the business of Epilepsy Australia. Epilepsy Australia may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with a server and to administer a web site.
Disclosure of personal information
Epilepsy Australia will not disclose personal information concerning you to parties outside Epilepsy Australia.
Amendments to privacy policy
Epilepsy Australia Ltd reserves the right to amend this Policy periodically. Any amendments made to this Policy will be considered effective immediately after the amendments are posted on the Site.
How to contact Epilepsy Australia
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at epilepsy@epilepsyaustralia.net
Purple Shop.
Shop Now
SUDEP.
More Info
Donate Now!
Help Epilepsy Australia
Subscribe to the Epilepsy Australia e-Newsletter
About Us
FAQ
Information
Resources
News
SUDEP
Purple Day
Purple Shop
Research & Policy
Search
This website is proudly supported by an unrestricted educational grant from UCB Australia.
|
Site design by The Web Showroom
|
Site Map
|
Privacy
|
Disclaimer
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Unsubscribe