https://www.shn.ca/news/how-our-sexual-assault-domestic-violence-care-centre-can-help/
Previous
Next
For most teens and young adults entering high school or postsecondary studies, the return to school is a welcome return to more normal routines (er… as normal as can be during a pandemic). While some will dive right into learning, others will be more excited about the opportunity to reconnect with friends – and meeting new people in new places.
Unfortunately – whether students are with someone they already know or someone completely new; whether at home, at school, or out and about – teens and young adults may find themselves in vulnerable and possibly dangerous situations, including the risk of sexual assault and/or increased domestic violence.
Scarborough Health Network’s (SHN) Birchmount hospital is home to the regional Sexual Assault Domestic Violence Care Centre (SADVCC). In this safe, non-judgmental, trauma-informed care space, SHN experts help victims/survivors to reclaim their autonomy.
The SADVCC provides care to male, female, and transgender adults and children over 12 years old, who have recently experienced sexual assault or intimate partner abuse. Individuals are cared for by a team of specially trained nurses who will provide medical and forensic care, as well as help you with safety planning and emotional support.
How to reach us:
Call us at 416-495-2555, or have your family doctor call to make you an appointment.
Visit the emergency department at any Scarborough Health Network hospital.
If you’re comfortable, have the police bring you to the hospital. You may also receive care without involving police.
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!FacebookTwitterLinkedInRedditTumblrPinterestVkontakteEmail
Related Posts
Young and Healthy										Nov 17, 2020
Remembering SRH Patient Family Advisor Phyllis Hill										Jul 10, 2018
Heartbeat in a Bottle										Aug 10, 2020
Staying at home? Never fear — SHN’s virtual care is here										Apr 14, 2020