https://www.emedhire.com/about-us/terms-of-use/
About Us
Employers
Blog
Jobs
Contact Us
New Physician Registration
Physician Login
MedHIRE RSS FeedFollow Us on TwitterLike Us on FacebookFollow Us on Google PlusConnect With Us on LinkedIn
Terms of Use
Home
About Us
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Full Terms and Conditions for use of the MedHIRE website.
MedHIRE LLC (“MedHIRE”, “we” or “us”) provides you access to the eMedHIRE.com and other MedHIRE group websites (the “Site”) in order to help you at every stage of the recruitment process and offer you other specialist services. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Site. Using the site indicates that you accept these Terms of Use regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. If you do not accept these terms, do not use the Site.
Definitions
We’ll start by getting a few definitions out of the way that should help you understand these terms and conditions. When we say “we,” “us,” and “MedHIRE,” we’re referring to MedHIRE LLC, a State of Missouri limited liability company. When we say the “Site,” we are referring to MedHIRE’s website (www.emedhire.com). When we say “you,” “user,” or “Candidate,” we’re referring to the person or entity that’s registered with us to use the Services.
We provide the following “Services” to registered users: access to a confidential list of physician job openings (“MedHIRE Jobs Database”), a confidential member profile, and through our website (www.emedhire.com), members may exchange information with MedHIRE recruiters and authorize MedHIRE recruiters to submit their curriculum vitae, contact information and other personal information to designated organizations that hire Physicians (“Hiring Organizations”) and/or physician recruiters and staffing agencies (“Search Firms”).
We offer the Services on our website www.emedhire.com. In the course of providing the Services, we may collect Personal Information, which means information about a Member. A “Profile” is a list or personal and professional information, including curriculum vitae (“CV”), that a Member has provided during registration or use of the Services. For more information about how we use your information, view our Privacy Policy.
REGISTERED CANDIDATE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
This Site is intended for physician Candidates seeking employment and for employers or recruiters seeking physician Candidates for employment. You may use this Site only for lawful purposes within the stated context of MedHIRE’s intended and acceptable use of the Site.
MedHIRE hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use this Site only for your personal use seeking physician employment opportunities for yourself. This authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the material on the Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Your use of this Site is a privilege. MedHIRE reserves the right to suspend or terminate that privilege for any reason at any time, in its sole discretion.
Your Account (CANDIDATE)
The MedHIRE Jobs Database on the MedHIRE website is in a Restricted Area and requires you to register with us. When and if you register, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration application (including your e-mail address) and (b) to maintain and update your information (including your e-mail address) to keep it accurate, current, and complete. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You acknowledge that should any information provided by you be found to be untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we reserve the right to terminate your use of the Site.
In order to activate your Account, you will need to take the following steps:
Go to the MedHIRE Jobs Database page (emedhire.com/jobs) on the Website;
If you are unregistered, you will be asked to register;
Choose a username and password and accurately fill out all required details; and
Follow the remaining activation instructions;
Once your Account has been activated you will be notified by email and you will immediately be able to view the jobs on the Site (subject to complying with the other provisions of these terms and conditions).
Acceptable Use policy for restricted areas of the site
Keep your username and password secure and confidential.
Notify MedHIRE immediately of unauthorized use of your username and password at support@emedhire.com.
Do not disclose or share your username and password with any third parties. Unauthorized access to restricted areas of the Site by non-registered users is prohibited.
The MedHIRE Jobs Database is confidential. Sharing information from the MedHIRE Jobs Database with third parties, such as other physicians or recruiters, is strictly prohibited.
You are responsible for any and all damages to MedHIRE resulting from distribution of trade secrets such as postings in the MedHIRE Jobs Database and/or sharing of login credentials to external parties.
Do not register on the website under false names, pseudonyms, aliases or otherwise misleading personal information.
Do not register multiple accounts.
Recruiters and employers, including anyone associated with a job board or employment service of any kind are strictly prohibited from logging in as a Candidate. Only legitimate Candidates may login or register through the Candidate login or registration page.
Do not use the website for any activity other than seeking information about employers and job postings or other authorized activities on the website.
Any action that seeks to gather information about an employer for any purposes other than those stated or inherently implied in the Acceptable Use Policies of the website or for illegal purposes in accordance with applicable state and federal laws.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant computer specifications necessary to access and use the Site.
Any violation of the Acceptable Use Policy use terminates your right to utilize this Site. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you have breached Acceptable Use Policy we may change your password or suspend your Account.
You agree that we may assess damages for any loss of income or actual or implied damages that may result from your misuse, abuse or fraudulent behavior on this web site.
We do not guarantee that the information posted to this site is true and accurate information. Each candidate is responsible for gathering its own information regarding a position posting prior to entering into any agreement with a recruiter, hospital or other health care provider.
We do not guarantee that any employer or client will interview or hire a Candidate. We make no representation or warranty as to the final terms and duration of any job position obtained through this Site. Whilst we take all reasonable endeavors to ensure it is the case, we do not guarantee that any employer or client will keep confidential any candidate information or data provided to them.
General Provisions for Registered and Unregistered Users
You may access most areas of the Site without registering your details with us. Certain areas of the site are only open to you if you register. The contents of this site may be viewed and accessed only for your personal, non-commercial use.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY FOR UNRESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SITE
The User agrees to use the MedHIRE website only for lawful purposes. Unacceptable uses of the website include without limitation:
Interfering, disrupting or attempting to gain unauthorized access to other accounts on the website or any other computer network;
Disseminating or transmitting viruses, worms, Trojan horses, time bombs, Spyware, or any other malicious or invasive code or program;
Using any device, routine, software or script to crash, delay, or otherwise damage the operation of this Site;
Engaging in any illegal activity or the planning of any illegal activity;
Creating, disseminating or transmitting files, graphics, software or other material that actually or potentially infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, publicity or other intellectual property rights of any person;
Disseminating or transmitting statements or material that, to a reasonable person, may be abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening or malicious;
Exporting, re-exporting or permitting the downloading of any message, software or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or restriction of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals, licenses or exemptions;
Taking any action that affects MedHIRE’s reputation or engaging in any other activity deemed by MedHIRE to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of this website.
MedHIRE in its sole discretion shall determine your compliance with the above and shall have the right to prevent you from using the Site and/or to delete from the Site immediately and without prior notice any material that it deems not to comply or to be objectionable for any reason. MedHIRE shall cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing MedHIRE to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach of the above.
As the services on the unrestricted areas of the Site are made available to users immediately, you do not enjoy any cancellation or “cooling-off” rights in relation to these Terms of Use.
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on this Site (including without limitation photographs and graphical images) are owned by MedHIRE LLC or its licensors. You may not download copy or print any of the pages of the Site except for your own personal use, and provided you keep intact all copyright and proprietary notices. No copying or distribution for any business or commercial use is allowed. No framing, harvesting, “scraping” or other manipulation of the content of the Site is permitted. You will not attempt to decipher, disassemble, reverse engineer or modify any of the software, coding or information comprised in the Site; nor will you post to the Site any material which infringes any intellectual property rights of any third party. The materials at this site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of these materials may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this site is terminated and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Links to or from other websites
As a convenience to users, this Site contains links to external websites which may interest you. We accept no responsibility for or liability in respect of the content of those third party sites. MedHIRE has not reviewed or approved such sites and does not control and is not responsible for those sites or their content. MedHIRE does not warrant that any links to such sites work or are up to date. MedHIRE do not endorse or make any representations about those sites and the use of any such links is entirely at your own risk.
Aggregate information
We may gather information and statistics collectively about all visitors to this Site which may include the information supplied by you which will help us to understand our users thereby creating a better recruitment process. We will not disclose individual names or identifying information. All data will be in aggregate form only. We believe this information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users and how we can continually improve our online service. We may share this kind of aggregate data with selected third parties to assist with these purposes. Personal data is processed by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Changes To or Temporary Unavailability of this Site
Every effort is made to keep the Site up and running smoothly and fault-free. However, MedHIRE takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the Site being temporarily unavailable for reasons of maintenance / improvement, or due to technical issues beyond our control. We may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time, including the availability of any of the Site features, databases or content. MedHIRE may amend these Terms of Use at any time by posting amended Terms of Use to the Site. You will be deemed to have agreed to the amended Terms of Use when you next use this Site following any amendment.
Termination
We may at our absolute discretion deny you access to this Site (which may include any of the services or information available through it) or any part of it at any time without explanation.
Security
MedHIRE reserves the right to monitor all traffic to this website to identify and/or block unauthorized attempts or intrusion to upload or change information or cause damage to this Site in any fashion. Anyone using this Site consents to such monitoring.
Nobody’s safe from hackers. If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then MedHIRE will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
Liability and Disclaimer
The information contained on this Site is given in good faith and MedHIRE uses all reasonable efforts to ensure that it is accurate. However, MedHIRE gives no representation or warranty in respect of such information and all such representations and warranties, whether express or implied, are excluded.
No liability is accepted by MedHIRE for any loss or damage which may arise out of any person relying on or using any information on this Site. MedHIRE shall not be liable to any person relying on or using any such information for (a) loss of revenue, loss of actual or anticipated salary; loss of actual or anticipated profits whether arising in the normal course of business or otherwise (including, without limitation, loss of profits on contracts); loss of or damage to employment prospects; loss of opportunity; loss of the use of money; loss of anticipated savings; loss of business; loss of goodwill; loss of or damage to reputation; loss of or corruption to data; loss of management or administration time, legal and other professional fees and expenses; or (b) any indirect or consequential loss or damages however caused (including without limitation by reason of misrepresentation, negligence, other tort, breach of contract or breach of statutory duty) which arise directly or indirectly from the subject matter of this Site. However, nothing in the above shall limit or exclude MedHIRE’s liability for fraud or for death or personal injury caused by negligence, or to the extent otherwise not permitted by law.
You agree fully to indemnify us and keep us fully indemnified against all costs, expenses, claims, losses, liabilities or proceedings arising from use or misuse by you of this Site.
Applicable Law / Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use are entered into in the State of Missouri and shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, exclusive of its choice of law rules.
Each party to these Terms of Use submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in St. Louis, Missouri for any dispute with MedHIRE, or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Revisions
MedHIRE may revise and update these Terms of Use at any time. Please periodically review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy posted on the MedHIRE Site. Continued usage of the MedHIRE website will be considered acceptance of any changes. Expressly designated legal notices or terms on particular pages at this site may supersede certain provisions of these Terms of Use.
Contacting Us
MedHIRE welcomes your questions and comments regarding our Terms of Use and anything else on this site. Please e-mail us at support@emedhire.com.
MedHIRE is sensitive to the expectation of privacy by those who access this site. For a complete statement of our policies on privacy, please read our Privacy Policy.
Updated October 22, 2014
© MedHIRE LLC 2014 All rights reserved.
PagesAbout Us
Employers
Blog
Jobs
Contact Us
New Physician Registration
Physician Login
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Email *
Connect MedHIRE RSS FeedFollow Us on TwitterLike Us on FacebookFollow Us on Google PlusConnect With Us on LinkedIn
Search
Login StatusUsername or EmailPassword Forgot?  Register