http://www.babtac.com/terms
01452 623110
Sign in
Go
Forgot your password or first time signing in?
Join
Menu
About
Meet the BABTAC Team
BABTAC and CIBTAC Council
BABTAC and HBC Alliance
BABTAC Logos Explained
BABTAC Experts
BABTAC Partners
BABTAC Supports...
Campaigning and Advocacy
Our sister company CIBTAC
Consumers
Contact
Make Beauty Safe
COVID19 Support
Government Schemes & Guidance
BABTAC Beauty Broadcasts
Business Recovery Resources
Make a Difference
News
Blog
BABTAC Beauty Broadcasts
VITALITY
Membership & Insurance
Join BABTAC
Renew with BABTAC
Other business insurance
Insurance
Students
Membership Packages
Advanced Treatment Extensions
FAQ's
Qualification standards
Insurance Pre-requisites
Accreditation
Accreditation Process
Find approved training
Accreditation vs Qualification
Suppliers
Awards
Meet our 2020 Sponsors
Meet our 2019 Winners
BABTAC & CIBTAC Award Gallery
Buy Awards & Conference Tickets
Conference
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Refunds are honoured within 14 days of application or renewal, and subject to a £45 admin charge. Refunds must be requested in writing (not over the phone).
The terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between us with respect to our website and supersede all prior communications and agreements between us, whether electronic, oral or written, regarding the subject matter contained. Using this website indicates that you accept these terms.
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on this website (including text, graphics, photographs, logos, button icons, images and software) are owned by BABTAC Ltd. Any use of extracts from this website which breach our copyright is forbidden. You may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, licence, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, products or services appearing on this website. No part of this website may be reproduced. Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
Other than personally identifiable information, (see Privacy Policy) any material you transmit or post to this website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and BABTAC Ltd shall have no obligations in respect of such material. We are free to copy, quote or disclose all information, data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.
We endeavour to ensure babtac.com is available 24 hours a day, but are not liable if for any reason this website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this website any material which shall be considered to be (a) threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience; or (b) for which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals; or (c) which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in the UK or any other country in the world; or (d) which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data). BABTAC Ltd shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach.
While we take reasonable care to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the material and content provided. The material on this website does not constitute advice of any kind, whether technical or otherwise, and BABTAC shall be specifically exempt from all liability concerning advice, information or instruction shared in the forum.
BABTAC Ltd, any other party, our officers, employees, or agents exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort (including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in connection with this website in any way or in connection with the use, inability to use or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website or the material on such websites, including but not limited to loss or damage due to viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing this website or your downloading of any material from this website or any websites linked to this website.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be invalid or unenforceable the remainder of the terms and conditions shall not be affected. This website is operated and controlled from the United Kingdom and these terms and conditions and your use of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. All disputes arising out of or relating to your use of this website will be decided only by the courts of England and Wales. This legal notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Disputes arising in connection with this legal notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
About
Make Beauty Safe
COVID19 Support
News
Membership & Insurance
Accreditation
Suppliers
Awards
Renew online
Search
Join BABTAC
Subscribe
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2020 BABTAC – All rights reserved.
powered by morphsites
BABTAC Limited is a not for profit company, limited by guarantee and owned and managed by its members. Registered in England, number 06744285, Registered Office Ambrose House, Meteor Court, Barnett Way, Gloucester GL4 3GG. BABTAC Limited is an Appointed Representative of Balens Limited, Bridge House, Portland Road, Malvern, WR14 2TA, who are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registration Number 305787.