http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/blood-and-blood-vessels
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Blood and blood vessels
Blood and blood vessels
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the cells of our body and helps us fight infection. Veins, arteries and capillaries are blood vessels that combine with the heart to make up the circulatory system.
Blood and blood vessels
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Blood and blood vessels explained
Cholesterol
Iron anaemia and blood disorders
Bleeding clotting and infections
Blood pressure
Blood vessel and bone marrow conditions
Blood donation and transfusion
Blood and blood vessels explained
Blood count
The full blood count (FBC) test looks for abnormalities in the blood, such as unusually high or low numbers of blood cells...
Blood groups
A person's blood group is determined by a pair of genes, one each inherited from their mother and father...
Bone marrow
Bone marrow is the spongy tissue in the hollow centres of a person?s long bones and is the blood cell 'factory'...
Circulatory system
The heart, blood and blood vessels work together to service the cells of the body...
Heart explained
The heart is about the size of a clenched fist and lies in the middle of your chest, behind and slightly to the left of your breastbone...
Lipoedema
Lipoedema is a painful, chronic, symmetrical swelling in the legs, thighs, buttocks and sometimes arms due to the accumulation of fat in the subcutaneous tissues. The onset often occurs during puberty...
Lymphatic system
The lymphatic manages fluid levels in the body, filters out bacteria and houses types of white blood cells...
Cholesterol
Cholesterol
Your body needs cholesterol, but it can make its own. You don't need cholesterol in your diet...
Cholesterol - healthy eating tips
Replacing foods that contain saturated fats with foods that contain polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fats will help to lower your cholesterol...
Genetic factors and cholesterol
Familial hypercholesterolaemia is an inherited condition characterised by higher than normal levels of blood cholesterol...
Triglycerides
If a person habitually eats more kilojoules than they burn, they will have raised triglyceride levels in the blood...
Iron anaemia and blood disorders
Anaemia
When a person is anaemic, the red blood cells have to work harder to get oxygen around the body...
Haemochromatosis
Haemochromatosis (iron overload disorder) tends to be under-diagnosed, partly because its symptoms are similar to those caused by a range of other illnesses...
Hughes syndrome
Hughes syndrome is thickening of the blood caused by abnormal immune system cells...
Iron
Iron is important for transporting oxygen in the blood...
Iron deficiency - adults
Don't take iron supplements unless advised by your doctor...
Iron deficiency - children
Keep iron supplements away from children - as little as one to three grams can kill a child under six years...
Porphyria
Porphyria can affect the skin, nervous system, gastrointestinal system or all of these, depending on the specific type...
Bleeding clotting and infections
Bleeding
Bleeding may be minor or it may be a life-threatening medical emergency...
Deep vein thrombosis
Long international flights are suspected of contributing to deep vein thrombosis in susceptible people...
Haemophilia
All children with severe haemophilia are given preventative treatment with infusions of blood products before they have a bleed...
Needlestick injury
A needlestick injury means the skin is accidentally punctured by a used needle. Diseases that could be transmitted by a needle or needlestick injury include human immunodeficiency virus (HIV...
Nosebleeds
Bleeding from the nose is common in children and is usually not severe or serious...
Septicaemia
Bacteria in the bowels, urinary tract, mouth and skin can cause disease if they get into the bloodstream...
Subarachnoid haemorrhage
A subarachnoid haemorrhage is any bleed located underneath one of the protective layers of the brain known as the arachnoid layer...
Subdural haematomas
Subdural haematomas are blood clots formed underneath one of the protective layers of the brain...
Travel tips for seniors
All travellers should plan carefully, but older people have a few extra concerns when travelling...
Von Willebrand disease
A person with von Willebrand disease may have frequent nosebleeds, heavy menstruation or excessive bleeding from the mouth...
Blood pressure
Blood pressure
Healthy eating and lifestyle changes can help to manage high blood pressure...
Blood pressure (high) - hypertension
Hypertension, or high blood pressure, can increase your risk of heart attack, kidney failure and stroke...
Blood pressure - keep your blood pressure down (video)
Heart Foundation of Australia warns of the risk of high blood pressure and tells you what you can do to keep your blood pressure down...
Blood pressure (low) - hypotension
Low blood pressure is only a problem if it has a negative impact on the body...
Dizziness - orthostatic hypotension
Postural hypotension is the lightheaded feeling you may get if you leap out of bed very quickly...
Fainting
Common causes of fainting include heat, pain, distress, the sight of blood, anxiety and hyperventilating...
Pulmonary hypertension
Pulmonary hypertension is high blood pressure on the lungs...
Shock
Shock is when there is not enough blood circulating in the body. It is a life-threatening medical emergency...
Stroke explained
A stroke interrupts blood flow to an area of the brain and is a medical emergency...
Blood vessel and bone marrow conditions
Amyloidosis
A person with amyloidosis produces aggregates of insoluble protein that cannot be eliminated from the body...
Aneurysm
An aneurysm may have no symptoms until it is either very large or it ruptures...
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA),
formerly known as Wegener granulomatosis is a rare condition that targets the arteries, veins and capillaries of the kidneys and the respiratory system...
Henoch-Schonlein purpura
Henoch-Schonlein purpura causes a purple spotted skin rash which lasts around one to four weeks, and is often marked by relapses...
Leukaemia
Most children and many adults with acute leukaemia can expect to be cured, while chronic leukaemia can be successfully managed...
Peripheral vascular disease
Peripheral vascular disease is the reduced circulation of blood to a body part (other than the brain or heart)...
Polycythaemia vera
Polycythaemia vera is characterised by the production of too many red blood cells, caused by abnormal function of the bone marrow...
Raynaud's phenomenon
Raynaud's phenomenon can be a sign of a more serious underlying condition, so see your doctor if you experience it...
Thalassaemia
Thalassaemia is an inherited blood disorder that can cause anaemia or death if not treated...
Varicose veins and spider veins
Smaller varicose veins are usually treated by sclerotherapy ? the injection of irritant chemicals into the affected vein...
Blood-donation-and-transfusion
Blood donation
Donated blood is used to help people who are sick or injured, or for medical research...
Blood transfusion
Donated blood is screened for blood-borne diseases such as hepatitis, syphilis and HIV...
Organ and tissue donation
Discover the facts about organ and tissue donation, decide about becoming a donor and discuss your decision with the people close to you...
Multilingual resources on blood and blood vessels Health Translations
See more translations for Blood and blood vessels on Health Translations
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Recent Activity
10 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 23 Sep 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/blood-and-blood-vessels
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top