http://www.summahealth.org/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
DISCLAIMER. IF THIS IS A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL EMERGENCY PERSONNEL (911) TO GET PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION. DO NOT RELY ON ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE IN REGARD TO YOUR IMMEDIATE, URGENT MEDICAL NEEDS. THIS WEBSITE IS NOT DESIGNED TO FACILITATE MEDICAL EMERGENCIES. SUMMA HEALTH SYSTEM CANNOT GUARANTEE RESPONSE TIMES IF YOU CHOOSE TO USE THIS WEBSITE IN THE EVENT OF A MEDICAL EMERGENCY.
By accessing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following terms of use:
Content
This website is a collaborative website authored and edited by Summa Health System physicians and members of the digital marketing team. All site content is moderated by members of the Digital Marketing team on a monthly basis. Website users and moderators are required to abide by the guidelines outlined in the Privacy Policy and Social Media Policy. The moderators reserve the right to reject or remove comments for any reason, including but not limited to belief that the comments violate these policies as they are written.
Health information posted on the site is based on current research and national treatment standards, and has been written or reviewed and approved by Summa Health System physicians or health professionals unless otherwise specified.
The information provided on www.SummaHealth.org is for informational purposes only and is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between you and your  physician. This website is not a substitute for medical advice and should not be used to diagnose or treat a disease or health problem. Always seek the advice or your physician or healthcare provider prior to making any treatment decisions.
Although our health information content on this website is reviewed and approved by physicians, Summa Health System does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information.
Health library information is provided by Ebix A.D.A.M.. Website and social media management is conducted by Michelle Bisson, Vice President of Marketing Communications; email: bissonm@summahealth.org. Content is updated regularly and provided by service line directors and physician experts throughout Summa Health System.
Consent
You agree that your use of the Summa Health System website and any uses of any services or materials are subject to your agreement with all of these Terms of Use, Copyright and Reprint Policy, and Website Privacy Policy.  You agree that you will not violate any local, state, federal or international laws in using this website or accessing any Material on this website.  All trademarks, service marks, and logos or copyrights displayed and used in this site are the property of their respective owners. Nothing in this site should be construed as granting any right or license to use any Trademark without the written permission of its owner.
Site Access
Summa Health System reserves the right to prohibit, restrict or discontinue your access to certain pages within the website if you violate any of these  Terms of Use. Summa Health System may modify these Terms of Use at any time without notice. The modified terms of use will be effective upon posting on our website. To remain in compliance, Summa Health System suggests that you review the Terms of Use, as well as the other website policies listed above, at regular intervals.
Security
All forms that request personal information (name, address, email address, etc.) are secure and provide secure transmission over the Internet consistent with industry standards. Please refer to our Website Privacy Policy for more information concerning security practices utilized by Summa Health System.
You acknowledge and agree Summa Health System does not operate or control the internet and therefore Summa Health System does not guarantee that the use of this website will be error free or free of technology downtimes or unavailability. Use caution when online.
Summa Health System also reserves the right to temporarily or permanently discontinue this site, any page, or any functionality on this website at any time and without notice.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Summa Health System be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or monetary damages, including fees and penalties in connection with your use of materials posted on this website, your use of any of the applications or services provided on this website, or connectivity to or from this site to any other site.
Third-Party Applications and Services
This website may provide access to various applications or services operated by third parties, including, but not limited to a chat feature. These third-party applications and services are outside of the control of Summa Health System and are not covered by these terms of use. You decide whether and with which third-party applications and services you want to utilize on this website and how you wish to utilize them. Summa Health System makes no representations or warranties concerning such third-party applications and services. We encourage you to visit the specific third-party website prior to utilizing such third-party applications and services and reviewing the applicable terms of use for such third-party applications and services.
You shall be responsible for adhering to the use restrictions of any third-party applications or services that you access on this website.  You shall indemnify and hold harmless Summa Health System and its affiliates, and their directors, officers, employees, agents, third parties, representatives, and assigns from all claims, obligations, causes of action, losses, damages, judgements, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to your use of any third-party application or service that you access or use on this website.
Disclaimer
You will be solely liable for the results of your use of any third-party applications or services on the Summa Health System website, including but not limited to the website chat feature. Summa Health System disclaims all liability and indemnification obligations for any harm or damages caused to you by or through your use of any third-party application or service on this website.
Governing Law
You agree that any claim or dispute relating to the Summa Health System website or your use or reliance on this website shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to be bound and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the local, state or federal courts located in Summit County, Ohio.
User Name and Password
In the event you access any Service requiring a User Name and Password, you are solely responsible for keeping such User Name and Password strictly confidential.
Children
Except as otherwise indicated, Summa Health System does not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 18. The content of our website is directed at adults, and therefore this site is intended for use only by adults aged 18 over. If you are under the age of 18, please consult a parent or guardian for help in using this website.
Privacy
Please read the full text of our Website Privacy Policy (to understand how any Protected Health Information ("PHI"), as that term is defined in the Notice of Privacy Practices (HIPAA), that you submit via the Summa Health System website will be treated.
Funding
This website is sponsored solely by Summa Health System and does not elicit advertising funding.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  Last updated: 12/2/2020
Copyright © 2013 Summa Health System. All Rights Reserved.
Options to Request an Appointment
If your situation is an emergency, call 911.
Call Us
234.867.7965
Request a Callback
Send us your information and we will call you to schedule an appointment.
Select
Close