http://www.acupuncture.org.uk/public-content/public-terms-and-privacy/3508-privacy-notice.html
Home
Top 10 things to know
About us
Traditional acupuncture
Research
For healthcare professionals
Newsroom
Study
How much does acupuncture cost?
Is acupuncture available on the NHS?
What is acupuncture?
How does acupuncture work?
Where are the acupuncture points?
What are the benefits of acupuncture?
Does acupuncture hurt?
Are there any side effects?
What is the history of acupuncture?
What is moxa?
What we doA leading self-regulatory body for the practice of traditional acupuncture in the UK
Acupuncture practitioners in the UKAbout the different types of acupuncture available
Our professional codesCommitted to ensuring all patients receive the highest standard professional care
Find a BAcC acupuncturist
Register of membersView our register of members
List of private health insurersYour policy may cover acupuncture from our members
Policy relating to member details
Annual reviews
Independent accreditationThe BAcC's standards are externally appraised
Governing Board
Governing Board meeting summaries
Continuing professional developmentMandatory for all members
Complaints - complain about a practitionerIf you need help or advice in making a complaint
Complaints - making a complaint about the BAcCIf you need help or advice in making a complaint
Professional conduct committee findingsDetails of disciplinary actions taken by the BAcC
Data Protection Act policyThe BAcC is committed to a policy of protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals with respect to the processing of their personal data
Statutory regulationWorking hard to raise political awareness and recognition of the acupuncture profession
Join usThe UK's largest professional body for traditional acupuncturists
Benefits of membershiplearn more about our membership package
Insurance FAQs Common questions regarding our insurance
Student membershipStudying acupuncture? become a student member of
BAcC for free
Privacy noticeMore specific details of how we handle your personal information.
Current vacanciesJobs @ the BAcC
AcupunctureDid you know that there are different types of acupuncture?
What is traditional acupuncture?Traditional acupuncture is a healthcare system based on ancient principles...
Why use a BAcC member?It is very important to check that your acupuncturist is safe and competent.
Your first treatmentbefore, during, after
Is acupuncture safe?Acupuncture is one of the safest medical treatments, both conventional and complementary, on offer in the UK.
Styles of acupunctureBAcC members may practice various styles of acupuncture, or use associated techniques during your treatment
History of acupunctureTraditional acupuncture is a branch of traditional Chinese medicine - a tried and tested healthcare system that has been practised for thousands of years in China and the Far East.
FAQsBrowse our frequently asked questions
Acupuncture on videoFAQs and testimonials about acupuncture
Ask an expertAsk an expert any question you like
Fact sheetsThe BAcC has produced factsheets outlining the state of current research for specific conditions
Review papersMore detailed research papers aimed at the medical practitioner
Research newsNews from the world of acupuncture research
Our research approachFind out about the Acupuncture Research Resource Centre
Contact ARRCContact for research based enquiries
For healthcare professionals
Acupuncture in care homes
Contact
Member login
Privacy notice
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when the British Acupuncture Council (BAcC) collects personal information. Personal information is held strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
It applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our websites
people who use our services, for example to enquire about the services of our members or acupuncture generally
our members
job applicants and our current and former employees
any other information that you choose to send to us
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits www.acupuncture.org.uk we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way that does not identify anyone other than in circumstances such as logging into the member area, when we need to identify our members.
We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those non-members visiting any of our websites, which are generally hosted on subdomains of acupuncture.org.uk, for example:
www.acupuncture.org.uk
conference.acupuncture.org.uk
graduate.acupuncture.org.uk
We will not associate any data gathered from these sites with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be upfront about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by the BAcC
You can read more about how we use cookies on our websites here: http://www.acupuncture.org.uk/public-content/about-the-bacc/cookie-policy.html
Search engine
Search queries and results are logged anonymously to help us improve our website and search functionality. No user-specific data is collected by either the BAcC or any third party.
E-newsletter
We deliver a monthly e-newsletter to our members and student members. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter.
People who telephone us
When you call the BAcC we may record your call for training purposes and to help us improve our service.
People who email us
Any email sent to us, including any attachments, may be monitored and used by us for reasons of security and for monitoring compliance with office policy. Email monitoring or blocking software may also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send to us is within the bounds of the law.
Complaints about the BAcC
All complaints about the BAcC are treated seriously and we will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide. For details see our complaints policy.
Complaints about our members
The BAcC has strict disciplinary procedures and all complaints are treated as confidential. We usually have to disclose the complainant's identity to the member concerned, however sometimes we will pursue a complaint against a member where the complainant wishes to remain anonymous. We will keep personal information in a safe place and access will be restricted according to the 'need to know' principle.
We never publish the names of complainants but we do publish the names of members in the event that findings and/or orders are made against them by the Professional Conduct Committee.
People who use BAcC online services
The BAcC offers various services to the public and to members, including:
Public
Find an acupuncturist: practitioner search via the website and also via telephone enquiry
'Ask an expert': an advisory service where people can pose questions to an in-house acupuncturist
public surveys
public online promotions
event booking
BAcC presence on social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin and Googleplus
Members
member area of website
online shop
forum
member surveys
member online promotions
event booking
Most of services we provide are run in their entirety by the BAcC. Exceptions would be surveys and competitions, which may be partly hosted with third parties.
Where possible, we do not request personally identifiable information unless it is necessary for the functionality of the service being provided. In accordance with the Data Protection Act, we do not request more information than necessary to supply the service. For example, surveys may or may not have personal data attached, whereas competitions will need personal data in order to inform a winner. Similarly, identities are needed in order to sign into the member area of the website. However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely related purposes. When people do subscribe to our services, they can cancel their subscription at any time and are given an easy way of doing this.
Where financial transactions take place online, personal details such as name and address are stored on the BAcC servers, however we do not directly request or retain financial details such as credit card numbers, back account details, etc. Financial transactions take place via a third party - the BAcC uses WorldPay as a payments processor - who handles transactions in a secure manner. In this workflow, a successful transaction is the only detail notified to the BAcC who are never party to the financial details of an individual in these processes.
Online promotions and competitions
When entering an online promotion or competition run by the BAcC, note that any information gathered is stored in a secure manner on systems administered directly by the BAcC, and not on any third party systems nor on any host social media platforms.
Any personal data relating to entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the individual's prior consent.
The information an individual provides, including name and contact information, will not be sold or distributed in any manner and will be used solely by the BAcC, at the discretion of the BAcC. For further details please see our terms and conditions.
Job applicants, current/former BAcC employees, committee members, Governing Board members
When individuals apply to work or take up a position at the BAcC, we will only use the information they supply to us to process their application and to monitor recruitment statistics. Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example where we want to take up a reference or obtain a 'disclosure' from the Criminal Records Bureau we will not do so without informing them beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law.
Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed, it will then be destroyed or deleted. We may use depersonalised statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but no individuals are identifiable from that data.
Access to personal information
You can obtain confirmation of the basic information that we hold about you at any time. If it is incorrect we will correct it when we have received the appropriate notice or evidence from you in writing. You can make a request in writing for information that we hold about you, under section 7 of the Data Protection Act 1998.
To make a request to the BAcC for any personal information we may hold about you, you should put your request in writing to the address provided below.
Other websites
If you transfer to another website from a link within the BAcC website, this privacy policy does not apply. We recommend you examine all privacy statements for all third party websites to understand their privacy procedures.
Changes to this privacy notice
We aim to keep our privacy notice under review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25 September 2013.
How to contact us
If you wish to request information about our privacy policy, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to:
British Acupuncuture Council63 Jeddo RoadLondonW12 9HQ
Tweet
back to top
Post a question
If you have any questions about acupuncture, browse our archive or ask an expert.
Ask an expert
BAcC Factsheets
Research based factsheets have been prepared for over 60 conditions especially for this website
Browse the facts
Social Media
Keep up to date with our news or join the #acupuncture conversation
Reasons to have acupuncture
Thinking about trying acupuncture?
Have a look at our Frequently asked questions, browse our video testimonials or the Ask an expert area
Accredited Register
The British Acupuncture Council is a member of the Accredited Register scheme run by the Professional Standards Authority and backed by government
Contact
63 Jeddo RoadLondon W12 9HQPhone: 020 8735 0400
Fax: 020 8735 0404
Email: info@acupuncture.org.uk
© British Acupuncture Council 2016
In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies.				Delete cookies
In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more
I agree
×
Information cookies
Cookies are short reports that are sent and stored on the hard drive of the user's computer through your browser when it connects to a web. Cookies can be used to collect and store user data while connected to provide you the requested services and sometimes tend not to keep. Cookies can be themselves or others.There are several types of cookies:Technical cookies that facilitate user navigation and use of the various options or services offered by the web as identify the session, allow access to certain areas, facilitate orders, purchases, filling out forms, registration, security, facilitating functionalities (videos, social networks, etc..).Customization cookies that allow users to access services according to their preferences (language, browser, configuration, etc..).Analytical cookies which allow anonymous analysis of the behavior of web users and allow to measure user activity and develop navigation profiles in order to improve the websites.So when you access our website, in compliance with Article 22 of Law 34/2002 of the Information Society Services, in the analytical cookies treatment, we have requested your consent to their use. All of this is to improve our services. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistical information such as the number of visitors to our site. Cookies added by Google Analytics are governed by the privacy policies of Google Analytics. If you want you can disable cookies from Google Analytics.However, please note that you can enable or disable cookies by following the instructions of your browser.
Close