https://www.prainc.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Policy Research respects the privacy of its website visitors and users. We have designed this Privacy Policy to inform you of how your information will be collected, used, and protected when you interact with our websites.
This privacy policy pertains to the Policy Research Associates, Inc. website, the Policy Research, Inc. website and the National Center for Youth Opportunity and Justice website. For websites that are funded by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) (e.g., SOARWorks), please refer to the SAMHSA Privacy Policy. For websites that are funded by the Social Security Administration (SSA) (e.g., ARDRAW), please refer to the SSA Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Policy Research does not collect personally identifiable information (PII) unless you, the user, choose to provide it to us. Types of PII that we may collect include first and last names, e-mail addresses, mailing addresses, and/or telephone numbers. PII could be collected through the following mechanisms:
Placing an order for one of our products
Commenting on an article posted on our site
Sharing information for posting or hosting on one of our websites
Applying to a job
Responding to a survey
Subscribing to a newsletter
Filling out a form
Attending a webinar
We will use the information you provide us to respond to requests made by you. We will not sell, trade, or share your information with an external organization, except when it is necessary to conduct business (e.g., shipping you a product).
Providing PII to Policy Research is not mandatory. However, the omission of PII may prevent us from fully engaging with you and will prevent you from using all aspects of Policy Research’s products and services. For example, the omission of your email address may prevent us from sending you an e-newsletter or responding to a submitted job application.
Access to Your Information
You are free to contact us to correct, update, restrict usage of, erase any PII we may have collected from you, or to opt out of any future contact with us at any time. To contact us, please e-mail us at email hidden; JavaScript is required or call us at (518) 439-7415.
Automatically Collected Information
Policy Research uses Google Analytics to track web traffic to its sites. Your browser may send us information, such as your Internet Protocol number, type of browser, date and time of your access, and pages accessed when you visit our site. We use this data to maintain and enhance our website content.
We do not use the data given to us by Google Analytics to identify our visitors. To prevent Google Analytics from monitoring your actions on our websites, you must disable cookies on your browser.
Automated Decision Making
Policy Research does not use automated decision-making processes.
Security
Policy Research takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit information to us via any of the mechanisms described above, we take care to protect it both online and offline.
Our websites make use of HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS), which encrypts user page requests and transmits them in a secure way.
In addition, we take steps to ensure that your information is securely stored. This includes:
Allowing only the individuals who need to use your PII to conduct business
Holding annual records management trainings for staff
Performing backups of the information we collect to protect against loss
Employing physical safeguards to protect any PII stored physically
Running periodic tests to ensure the safety of our websites
Updating our software to the latest security standards
Children’s Privacy
Policy Research understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy. Policy Research does not collect, store, or request information about children under the age of 13. Our sites are not designed or marketed for children’s use and we strongly discourage children under the age of 13 from contacting us.
External Websites
To conduct normal business, Policy Research makes use of or links to other third-party websites, such as social media sites and listserv management sites. We do this to increase interaction between the public, our projects, and our company.
Please be aware that the privacy policy provided by these third-party websites may be different than Policy Research’s privacy policy described above. Once you enter another third-party site, you are subject to the privacy policies of that site.
Redress or Assistance
If you have requests or corrections about the data we collect or if you believe we are not upholding the tenants of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at email hidden; JavaScript is required or at (518) 439-7415.
Revisions to Policy
As our needs and business functions evolve, Policy Research may deem it necessary to periodically update our Privacy Policy. While we will highlight any revisions to the Privacy Policy, it is ultimately the responsibility of the user of the website to review our Privacy Policy.
Date of last update: November 15, 2018
Search for:
CONTACT US
RECENT CONTENT
Newest Ways to Beat Burnout and Build Resilience
From Survival to Recovery: How Housing First Promotes Success
Q&A with Judge Rhathelia Stroud
We use cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By continuing on the site, you consent to store these cookies on your device. SettingsACCEPTCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the site. The cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.