http://www.fibroidnetworkonline.com/privacy_policy
fibroidnetworkonline.com
Home
View Videos
View Tweets
Submit Offer
fibroidnetworkonline.com Privacy Policy
At fibroidnetworkonline.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us.
This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is
received and collected by fibroidnetworkonline.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, fibroidnetworkonline.com makes use of log files. The information
inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of
browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit
pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's
movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and
other such information are not linked to any information that is personally
identifiable.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on fibroidnetworkonline.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to fibroidnetworkonline.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Our third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements
and links that appear on fibroidnetworkonline.com send directly to your browsers. They
automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (
such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party
ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to
personalize the advertising content that you see.
fibroidnetworkonline.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by
third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad
servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for
instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. fibroidnetworkonline.com's privacy
policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other
advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser
options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web
browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
fibroidnetworkonline.com | Privacy Policy
Search & Register Domains Names at NameSilo