https://www.bnf.org/cookie-policy-2/
Skip to content
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users
of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you
browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain
information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical or performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. [We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.]
You can find more information about the individual cookies
we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Type
Reason for use
Google Analytics
We collect anonymous information about all Website visitors in order
to understand how the Website is being used and this helps us improve your user experience. For more information please visit www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
CloudFlare
The “__cfduid” cookie is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic for security purposes
Session Cookies
These cookies allow you to proceed through many pages of the site quickly and easily without having to authenticate when accessing each new area you visit. Without these cookies the website will not function correctly.
Persistent Cookies
These cookies help govern access to the site and are needed for the login process, subscription information and the timeout function. Without these cookies you will not be able to access the site and will be redirected to a page requiring you to turn cookies on.
AWSELB
Amazon Web Services Elastic Load Balancing functionality essential for routing client request on the server.
Pingdom
This cookie is created by Pingdom which provides site performance
monitoring used to improve the quality and performance of our website. https://www.pingdom.com/legal/privacy-policy
Wordfence
Wordfence is a firewall cookie used to manage site security, preventing hacking; blocking access from suspicious IP addresses; and verification if the visitor is a bot ora human
Software development kits (SDKs) are used for the development of platform-specific applications and to provide information to guide product improvements. You can find more information about the individual SDKs we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Strictly Necessary
Type
Reason for use
Dagger
Description: A fast dependency injector for Android and JavaPackage Name: dagger
FastEasyMappingDescription: A helper library for fast serializing and deserializing of JSON Package Name: FastEasyMapping
Gson Android SDK
Description: A helper library for serialization to and from JSONPackage Name: com.google.gson
MagicalRecord
Description: A helper library for CoreData (iOS database) Package Name: MagicalRecord
OkHttpDescription: An HTTP client for Android, Kotlin, and Java Package Name: okhttp3
SVProgessHUDDescription: Used to display loading spinnersPackage Name: SVProgressHUD
SwiftyJSONDescription: A helper library for handling JSON data Package Name: SwiftyJSON
Zip Description: A framework for zipping and unzipping data files that are downloadedPackage Name: Zip
Analytical and Performance
Type
Reason for use
Crashlytics Android Core Sdk
Description: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experimentPackage Name: com.crashlytics.android.core
Crashlytics Android Sdk Description: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experimentPackage Name: com.crashlytics.android
Crashlytics Answers Android Sdk
Description: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experiment Package Name: com.crashlytics.android.answers
Crashlytics for Beta Android Sdk
Description: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experiment Package Name: com.crashlytics.android.beta
Firebase IID Android SDKDescription: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experiment Package Name: com.google.firebase.iid
Google Utilities Description: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experiment Package Name: GoogleUtilities
nanopbDescription: Part of the Firebase library, which provides tools for tracking analytics, reporting and fixing app crashes, creating marketing and product experiment Package Name: nanopb
Top
MENU
Products
News
About
Consultations
Contact
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the website you are giving consent for cookies to be used. For information on cookies and how we use them, please see our Cookie Policy.OKAYCookie Policy