http://www.abms.org/policies
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
ABMS Home
Policies
Policies
Privacy Policy
The American Board of Medical Specialties, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively as “ABMS” “we” or “our”) do not collect personal information about you without your knowledge. If you choose to provide information on the ABMS website through site registration, surveys or forms, that information becomes the property of ABMS. We do not resell or distribute any information about you to business partners or other organizations for their own marketing or sales use. In some instances, the ABMS Web server uses “cookies” to provide you with better experiences while visiting our site. Such enhancements may include, but not be limited to providing you with customized Content delivery. Cookies simply allow our Web server to recognize you when you access the website. They are very small text files that are placed on your hard drive (with your permission). Cookies cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses to your computer. The file is uniquely yours and can only be read by our server. By using this website, you signify your agreement with the ABMS Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”).  We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and with or without notice to you. Any modifications will be posted to this page. Your continued use of the website after ABMS has revised this Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of those revised terms.
Email Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to ABMS. We never share any of your information with a third party. Only ABMS will use your email address to send you communications with news, updates, and Content as they relate to you as a user of the website. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe to ABMS communications, you may do so by logging onto your profile page and editing your profile.
Email addresses, cookies and aggregate information about which pages visitors access, and information volunteered by site visitors—such as user survey responses and site registrations—are used to improve the Content and Services of the website. ABMS editorial, publishing and marketing staff also use website visitor data and usage information to assist in modifying, improving and maintaining Content and Services hereunder.
Social Media Policy
ABMS is using this site and our social media profiles to share helpful, interesting, and newsworthy information with our member boards, candidates, diplomates, providers, consumers and users. We welcome comments, ideas, and concerns. While we encourage our audiences to share thoughts and opinions on this site and our social media profiles, we expect that this will be done in a respectful manner. ABMS asks that you not post comments that:
Disclose personal health informationViolate the intellectual property rights, confidentiality or privacy of anotherInclude hate speech directed at race, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, religion or disabilityUse overly aggressive, obscene or profane language, photos or imagesInclude statements that defame, harass, abuse, stalk, threaten or bully individuals or groupsInclude statements that are illegal or encourage unlawful conductPromote services, products or political organizationsAre off-topic from the specific content of the postAre irrelevant spam
ABMS reserves the right to review and remove comments that do not comply with these guidelines and to block offenders of these guidelines.
Security of Collected Data
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain accuracy of the data and assist compliance with this Privacy Policy, ABMS has established certain security protocols and procedures designed to safeguard and secure the information ABMS collects through the website and prohibit unauthorized access to that information. Access to data that has been collected through the website is restricted to only those ABMS employees and agents who require such access for specific purposes. Messages that you send to ABMS by email may not be secure. Accordingly, ABMS recommends that you do not send any confidential information to us by email. If you choose to send confidential information to us via email, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept this information.
How to Contact Us About This Privacy Policy
In the event that you have any questions or would like to discuss this Privacy Policy in greater detail, please contact us at:
American Board of Medical SpecialtiesAttn: Legal Department353 N. Clark Street, Suite 1400Chicago, IL 60654
Telephone: (312) 436-2600
ABMS Affiliation
Please note that neither ABMS, nor any of its Member Boards, is affiliated with BoardCertified LLC. Subscription to or payment of any fees to Boardcertified.com or BoardCertified LLC will not affect any diplomate’s certification status with their Member Board or listing on an ABMS database.