https://www.alamitosbelmont.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains to you how Alamitos Belmont Rehab Hospital collects, utilizes and protects your personal information.  By visiting our website, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
1.
What Information is Collected?
In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. When you visit, you anonymously disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. This anonymous internet traffic data is automatically provided to us and may be archived and retained indefinitely. This website, like many other websites, records this basic information. Please note that we are not able to tie any of this data to specific individuals. Also, if you choose to contact to us through the website, we may require some basic personal information about yourself. We ask for this information so that we are able to follow up on the question or information you may be emailing about as necessary.
“Cookies” are pieces of information that are transferred to a computer from a web server. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you may change your settings to notify you when a new cookie is requested or to refuse to accept cookies. A cookie allows us to recognize you when you are re-accessing our website and track and log usage on the website.
2. Utilization of Collected Information .The information we collect is utilized to assist us in improving our business and the performance and content of this website.
We may also disclose collected information if we feel it is legally required. Also, information collected on our website users may be disclosed and ultimately transferred to third parties in relation to a potential or completed change in control event or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
3. Protection of Collected Information. The privacy and protection of your personal information is important to us. We will not make any personal information available to third parties without your permission.
Access to some services and content may be password protected. If so, we advise you not to disclose your password to anyone. In addition, we recommend that you sign out of password-protected services at the end of the session.
Security measures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information collected that is under our control. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of the information
4. Links to Other Websites.
Our website contains links, for your convenience, to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites. If you connect to another site through our website, we cannot control what they do with your information. Inclusion of these links does not mean we endorse the information or content on a linked website. These linked websites may send their own cookies to your browser and may collect and utilize your data in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We highly suggest you review the privacy policy that pertains to the organization of any site you link to from our website.
Also, you may have the opportunity to share your information through social media or other similar websites through a link on this website. Please note that we cannot control these other websites or your posts and sharing.
5. Children. This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18.
6. Changes to Privacy Policy. If this Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post the changes on the website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated.
7. Effective Date. This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 14, 2013.