http://www.lung.ca/privacy-policy-and-editorial-policy
Jump to content
National
Lung HealthLung Diseases A - ZLung InfoPrevent Lung DiseaseAir QualitySmoking and TobaccoVaping - what you need to knowGet HelpLung ResearchSupport for ResearchThe ResearchersRecently Awarded GrantsResearch Impact StoriesApply for FundingHealth ProfessionalsOur Health ProfessionalsResearch CompetitionsClinical Tools and ResourcesEducation and TrainingCTS & CRHP MembershipGet InvolvedDonateOrder your Christmas SealsEventsVolunteerBecome a Patient AdvocateOption to Give (TSX)NewsLatest NewsExpert OpinionsMedia ContactsAdvocacy ToolsTobacco Endgame
About UsWho We AreOur peopleOur PartnersContact UsWhat We DoOur Annual Reports and Financial StatementsCareersBlog
You are hereHome › Privacy policy and editorial policyPrint PageText resize decrease -A Text resize reset A Text resize increase +A
Privacy policy and editorial policy
Editorial policy - see below
Privacy policy highlights for web users
At the Canadian Lung Association, we are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting the personal information you may choose to send us.
You do not need to disclose personal information to use our website.
We do not keep any personal information you may voluntarily provide to us, other than for the purposes for which you may provide it. (For example, you may provide personal information in order to make a donation, send us feedback via the website, or subscribe to a newsletter).
We do not sell, barter, trade or give away your personal information to any third parties, unless authorized by you.
This website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policies of other websites you may visit.
Our full privacy policy, below, explains in detail how we respect your privacy and protect your personal information.
Canadian Lung Association Privacy Policy
At The Canadian Lung Association (hereinafter referred to as "CLA"), respecting privacy and the sensitivity of information is an important part of our commitment to our constituencies, supporters, grant applicants, and associated organizations (hereinafter referred to as "constituencies?). The objective of the CLA Privacy Policy is to promote responsible and transparent personal information management practices in a manner consistent with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada) (PIPEDA).
A. Overview
1.    What This Policy Covers
This Policy covers our treatment of the personal information we collect from you, in the course of commercial activities. Specifically, this Policy concerns how information is collected, used, securely maintained and ultimately disposed of properly.
2. Purposes For Collection Of Personal Information
to communicate with other Lung Associations, and granting institutions;
to communicate with other organizations outside of Canada;
to communicate with grant applicants;
to establish, maintain or terminate any CLA-constituent contractual relationship;
for administrative or management requirements;
to enhance our relationship with constituents;
to answer questions and respond to feedback submitted by constituents;
to issue tax receipts for charitable donations;
to respond to mandated government reporting requirements; and
to establish and maintain mailing contact lists.
3.    How Personal Information Is Maintained
We do not sell, barter, trade or give away your personal information to any third parties, unless authorized by you. For example, we do not provide our constituent mailing lists to any other parties. The CLA stores and maintains personal information in conformity with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (the "Act") and the Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information (the "Code") created and approved by the Canadian Standards Association ("CSA").
4.    Links
This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that the CLA is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policies of every site that collects personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to CLA only.
5.    IP Addresses
As for most websites, our server logs your IP address on our server files. No effort is made to connect your IP address with you as an individual. Rather, we use IP address data in aggregate to get broad demographic/geographic information about how our site is used.
B.    Application of the Canadian Standards Association's Model Privacy Code
The CLA applies the ten principles of the Code as follows:
1.    Accountability
The CLA is responsible for the personal information collected and maintained by it and which is under its control. In order to fulfill this responsibility:
We have designated an official to be responsible for the day-to-day care and control of personal information, namely our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO);
CLA has taken the following measures to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy:
developing procedures to protect personal information;
developing procedures to receive and respond to complaints and inquiries;
training our staff about our policies and practices respecting personal information; and
developing and distributing information to our staff and the general public explaining our policies and procedures respecting personal information.
2. Identifying Purposes
CLA is committed to openness to you regarding its collection and use of personal information. As discussed, we collect and use personal information for the above-mentioned limited purposes
To demonstrate this openness, we require the consent of our constituents and mailing list subscribers prior to using their personal information for any purpose other than that for which it was originally collected.
3. Consent
CLA is committed to ensuring that you are aware of how your personal information is used. We are dedicated to obtaining the consent of individuals who provide us with their personal information. To this end, all our employees or agents are instructed to provide information about how personal information is used by us to all interested individuals who inquire, as well as obtain the consent of those who provide their personal information. You may provide your consent to us either orally or in writing.
As well, we may periodically request written confirmation from you to ensure that the personal information collected and maintained by us is up-to-date and accurate. We also may ensure that we have your continuing consent to the use and retention of your personal information.
CLA will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
conform to obligations imposed by law or statute;
meet an emergency need; and/or
as required pursuant to a criminal investigation.
4. Limiting Collection
CLA restricts the collection of personal information only to that information that is necessary for the limited purposes noted above. We are committed to collecting personal information in a fair, open and lawful manner. For this reason, CLA does not indiscriminately collect personal information. We collect personal information to fulfill the above-noted purposes only, and for no other purposes.
5. Limiting Use, Disclosure And Retention
CLA does not use personal information for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected, unless it has first obtained the consent of the person from whom such information was received. We retain personal information only for as long as it is needed, or for as long as required by law, and only for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was originally collected.
6. Accuracy
CLA is committed to maintaining accurate, complete and up-to-date personal information. If you are aware of changes to the personal information you have given to us, simply inform us of the changes and we will update our records accordingly.
You may check and correct your personal information by contacting us through the Chief Privacy Officer.
7. Safeguards
CLA has developed and implemented security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information kept by us. These security safeguards include:
physical security measures, such as locked cabinet storage and restricted access to areas where personal information is stored; and
internal employee security measures, including restricted computer access, employee confidentiality agreements and limited access to where personal information is stored.
If we use the services of any third parties to process personal information, we will enter into legal agreements, which require them to protect this personal information in a manner acceptable to us. In entering into these legal agreements, we do not transfer any interest in this personal information to them. Rather, the purpose of these legal agreements is to ensure that the personal information delivered to third parties is maintained at a level of security equal to that provided under this Privacy Policy.
If we collect information from you or from third parties we will have obtained the necessary consent to do so, or will do so as otherwise permitted by law. Third parties include, as examples, service providers, references and other persons that we need to contact to provide services, to establish, manage or terminate an employment relationship, or for administrative or management purposes.
We also ensure that any of our employees who deal with personal information are properly trained and are aware of the necessary and appropriate measures required to protect personal information.
Any personal information kept by us is disposed of once it is no longer needed to meet the purposes for which it was collected, unless we receive your permission to keep such information, or is kept as required by law.
8. Openness
CLA makes information about its policies and practices respecting the collection and maintenance of personal information available to all interested parties. We are pleased to answer any questions that you may have regarding the collection and maintenance of personal information; please direct your letter or e-mail to our Chief Privacy Officer .
9. Individual Access
You can also request access to your personal information held by us. However, we reserve the right to confirm the identity of the person seeking access to personal information before complying with any access requests. Please forward your request in writing or via e-mail to our Chief Privacy Officer.
Upon request, we will inform you if we have any of your personal information in our care and control, as well as providing you with the details of such personal information. In responding to your request, we may charge you a reasonable fee.
If we are unable to provide you with access to all of the personal information we hold about you, then the reasons for the denial of access will be provided to you.
10. Challenging Compliance
As noted above, CLA has designated an official who is responsible for the day-to-day care and control of personal information. This official, the Chief Privacy Officer will receive and respond to all information requests regarding our privacy policies or about your personal information under our care and control.
If you wish to be added or removed from any of the lists CLA maintains, please write or email your request to the mailing list administrator at info@lung.ca.
We investigate all complaints received by us and will respond in writing in a timely manner. If any complaint is found to be justified, then we will take appropriate measures to resolve the matter to the satisfaction of the complainant.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Since CLA regularly reviews all of its policies and procedures, including the laws that impact upon the operation if its businesses, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that it remains compliant with the law.
C. How to add, remove or amend your personal information
If, at any time, you wish to amend your personal information with us or remove your name from our mailing lists, simply inform us in writing at the address below or by e-mail, to the attention of:
Monte Weber
MWeber@ab.lung.caChief Privacy OfficerCanadian Lung Association502 – 885 Meadowlands Dr., Ottawa ON
K2C 3N2
Canadian Lung Association editorial policy
The Canadian Lung Association (CLA) does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services. Therefore, mention of commercial products, processes, or services on CLA's national website – www.lung.ca – cannot be construed as an endorsement or recommendation.
CLA maintains full editorial control of its website content. Commercial sponsors of this site are in no way involved with decisions regarding design, content, authorship, editorial policy, procedure or practice. Links to other Internet sites are provided for informational purposes and the convenience of its users. When users select a link to an external website, they are leaving the Canadian Lung Association website and are thus subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the external site.
CLA does not endorse organizations that sponsor linked, external websites. In addition, CLA does not endorse products or services that such organizations may offer. Furthermore, CLA does not control or guarantee the currency, accuracy, relevance, or completeness of information found on linked, external websites.
Page Last Updated: 20/11/2017
Questions about your breathing?
Ask an expert.1-866-717-2673 (in Canada)
Research Report
Radon Test