https://www.helpyourteens.com/teen-internet-addiction/
Home
About Us
About P.U.R.E.™
A Parent’s Story
The Adopted Child
RAD
FAQs
Meet Us
Career Thoughts
Security & Privacy
Services
Short Term Programs
Wilderness Programs
Therapeutic Boarding School (TBS)
Christian Therapeutic Boarding Schools
Residential Treatment Center (RTC)
Young Adult Programs
Teen Help for 17 Year Old’s
Transport Services
Parent Help
Is Residential Therapy Right for Your Teen?
Helpful Tips: Finding Right Programs
Questions to Ask Schools
Parent Choices
Financial Options
Mental Health Insurance
Educational Loans
Parent Books & Sites
Featured Book
Parent Groups
My Teen
Will My Teen Hate Me
Good Teens, Bad Choices
Good Teens Smoking Pot
Entitled Teen
5 Signs of a Spoiled Teen
Teen Vaping
Teen Drug Use & Drinking
Warning Signs of Teen Drug Use
Warning Signs of Teen Drinking
Teen Internet Addiction
Warnings Signs of Internet Addiction
Oppositional Defiance Disorder
Defiant, Disrespectful & Rebellious
Conduct Disorder in Teens
Teen Depression
Suicide Ideation
Warning Signs of Depression
Bipolar Disorder
Teen Anxiety
Teen Stress
Bullying & Cyberbullying
Teen Self-Harm
Teens Stealing
RAD
Teen Runaways
ADD/ADHD
ADHD Symptoms
Testimonials
References
Blog
Featured Parenting Article
Teen Help Articles
Contact
Teen Internet Addiction
Fill out a quick form to receive your FREE consultation
Click Here
The information that you provide to us is kept confidential.
Teen Internet and Cell-phone Addiction
Teen Internet Addiction, Internet Predators and Online Identity Theft
In today’s society, the internet can be a valuable asset and educational tool, as well as a dangerous attraction and lethal weapon. Many teens are turning to social networking sites such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and TikTok to make friends, mingle and more. An unfortunate reality is that potential predators can also sign up and chat with your kids.
As seen in Dateline’s Series “To Catch A Predator,” many kids are preyed upon by adults (both young and old), which can lead to trouble for all involved, especially the children. Blogging and social networking are many teens’ ways of communication which can be entertaining and fun; yet, if they are not careful, it can also be unsafe.
Teen Internet Addiction Warning Signs:
Your teen may suffer from anxiety. They may use the internet to distract themselves from worries and fears. An anxiety disorder like obsessive-compulsive disorder may also contribute to excessive email checking and compulsive internet use.
They are depressed. The Internet can be an escape from feelings of depression, but too much time online can make things worse. Internet addiction further contributes to stress, isolation, and loneliness.
They have any other addictions. Many internet addicts suffer from other addictions, such as drugs, alcohol, gambling, and sex.
They lack social support. Internet addicts often use social networking sites, instant messaging, or online gaming as a safe way of establishing new relationships and more confidently relating to others.
They are an unhappy teenager. They might be wondering where they fit in and the internet could feel more comfortable than real life.
They are less mobile or socially active than they once were.
They are stressed. While some people use the internet to relieve stress, it can have a counterproductive effect. The longer you spend online, the higher your stress levels will be.
An educated parent is better equipped to help limit potential danger of Internet predators and online identity theft.
At P.U.R.E.™ we promote parent awareness to help you, as parents, to protect your children’s identity and your privacy online. The internet can be a dangerous place for people that are not familiar with potential scams and predators.
P.U.R.E.™ invites you to fill out a free consultation form for more information on finding the appropriate help for your teen.
Recent Posts
A Year of Positive Thinking for Teens: Daily Motivation to Beat Stress, Inspire Happiness, and Achieve Your Goals
Study: How COVID Is Impacting Teen’s Mental Health
The Depression Workbook for Teens: Tools to Improve Your Mood, Build Self-Esteem, and Stay Motivated
Smart Teens Stuck from Anxiety
How to Help Your Depressed Teen
Help Your Teens With:Good Teens, Bad Choices
Defiance and Disrespectfulness
Teen Depression
Depression Warning Signs
Teen Internet Addiction
Warnings Signs Internet Addiction
Entitlement Issues
Teen Anger, Rage, and Violence
Teen Vaping
Teen Drug Use and Drinking
Warning Signs of Teen Drug Use
Warning Signs of Teen Drinking
Good Teens Smoking Pot
Teen Truancy
Lack of Motivation and Underachievers
ADD/ADHD Teens
ADHD Symptoms
Oppositional Defiance Disorder (ODD)
Bipolar Disorder
Conduct Disorder
Teen Anxiety
Teen Stress
Teen Self-Harm
Reactive Attachment Disorder (RAD)
The Ballad of the Adopted Child
Help for Adopted Teens
Bullying and Cyberbullying
Eating Disorders
Struggling Teens
Teens Stealing
Teen Runaways
Teen Suicide
Teen Suicide Ideation
Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Teens
Gothic Teens
Teen Pregnancy
Teen Gangs
Will My Teen Hate Me
To get help, CLICK HERE or call us at 954-260-0805
As Featured On
..and many more.
To get help, CLICK HERE or call us at 954-260-0805P.U.R.E. does not provide legal advice and does not have an attorney on staff.
^ Back to Top
Copyright © 2001-2020 Help Your Teens. Optimized Web Design by SEO Web Mechanics Site Map