https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/short-sightedness
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Eyes
Home
Conditions and treatments
Eyes
Short-sightedness
Short-sightedness
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Eyes - Eye basics
Eyes - Vision change and loss
Summary
If you are short-sighted, you will have trouble seeing objects in the distance clearly.
You may have difficulty seeing while driving and have trouble reading road signs, especially at night.
Typically, short-sightedness is first detected in childhood.
In people with short-sightedness, the clear front surface of the eye (the cornea) curves too steeply or the eyeball is too long.
You can wear glasses or contact lenses or have surgery to correct your vision if you are short-sighted.
Short-sightedness (myopia) is a very common eye condition and affects approximately 15 per cent of the population. If you are short-sighted, you will have trouble seeing objects clearly in the distance and they will appear blurry. You may not realise that you are short-sighted, because your vision may be changing slowly or you may think objects in the distance are blurry for everyone. Talk to your doctor, optometrist or ophthalmologist if you think you have vision problems.
Symptoms of short-sightedness
You may be short-sighted if:
you have difficulty seeing objects in the distance
objects in the distance appear blurry
you need to squint or partially close your eyes to see clearly
you get headaches that are caused by eyestrain
you have difficulty seeing while driving and have trouble reading road signs, especially at night.
Short-sightedness in children
Typically, short-sightedness is first detected in childhood, during the early school years and may get worse until a person is approximately 20 years old. Some signs that your child may be short-sighted include:
screwing up their eyes or squinting to see objects in the distance
difficulty seeing the blackboard at school
sitting close to the television or needing to sit at the front of the classroom.
Causes of short-sightedness
In people with short-sightedness, the clear front surface of the eye (the cornea) curves too steeply or the eyeball is too long. This means that light entering the eye does not focus on the back of the eye (retina), but focuses in front of the retina so the image appears blurry.
The causes of short-sightedness are unknown, although recent research suggests that it may be genetic. Short-sightedness tends to run in families. Your chance of developing short-sightedness is greater if you have family members with this type of eye condition.
Short-sightedness may also be related to environmental factors. Children who spend a lot of time focusing on near objects, for example, reading or watching a computer screen, may have a greater chance of becoming short-sighted. Also, lack of time outdoors in natural light may increase the chances of developing short-sightedness.
Diagnosis of short-sightedness
Short-sightedness is simple to diagnose. An optometrist or ophthalmologist usually asks you to read a special chart (Snellen chart) that has large letters at the top and smaller letters at the bottom. If you can see all the letters clearly you have 6/6 vision. If you have 6/12 vision, it means that you can read letters at 6 m that a person with normal vision can read from a distance of 12 m.
In everyday language, people still talk about 20/20 vision, which is a throwback to when Australia, like the USA, used imperial measurements and so 20/20 is the same as 6/6 vision.
Your eye healthcare professional will also check other aspects of your eye health and vision when you go for an eye test.
Treatment for short-sightedness
A cure for short-sightedness has not been discovered, although there are ways to improve your vision if you have this eye condition.
Ways to correct your vision if you are short-sighted include:
wearing glasses – a simple and safe way to correct your vision
wearing contact lenses – these are worn directly on the eye
having laser surgery – a laser beam is used to change the shape of your cornea
having intraocular lens surgery – your lens is replaced with a small plastic lens (intraocular lens).
If you are very short-sighted, you may be at an increased risk of other eye problems such as:
stretching and thinning of the back of the eye (retina)
holes and tears of the retina
retinal detachment – the retina separates from the layer of blood vessels and without treatment you may become blind.
Talk to your optometrist or ophthalmologist for more information.
Where to get help
Your doctor
NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24 – for expert health information and advice (24 hours, 7 days)
Your optometrist
Your ophthalmologist
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Eyes
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Eye basics
Eye injuries and irritations
Eye conditions
Vision change and loss
Vision aids and treatment
Living with vision loss
Eye basics
10 tips for good eye health
Most vision problems are avoidable or can be treated so have your eyes regularly checked by an optometrist or other eye care health professional...
Eye care - optometrists
A standard eye examination with an optometrist includes a screening for all common eye diseases, such as glaucoma and cataracts...
Eye care - orthoptists
Orthoptists assist in the diagnosis and treatment of eye disease...
Eye safety at work
Wearing eye protection appropriate for the task can significantly reduce the risk of injury...
Eyes - common problems
You can help prevent dry eyes and minimise the risk of tired or sore eyes while reading or using a computer...
Eyes explained
The eye's complicated design means that an image can pass through its many layers and end up crisply focused on the retina...
Eyes - vision loss
A person with vision loss needs to make adaptations in order to do some everyday activities...
Eye tests
Regular eye tests or check-ups detect problems early, so you can have early treatment to minimise any permanent damage to your eyes...
Short-sightedness
If you are short-sighted, you will have trouble seeing objects clearly in the distance and they will appear blurry...
Smoking and eye disease
Smoking is thought to be a factor in age-related macular degeneration and blindness...
Eye injuries and irritations
Dry eye
A person suffering from dry eye syndrome does not have enough of the right kind of tears to keep the eye comfortable...
Eye floaters
Some eye floaters look like small dots, while others appear like threads or little hairy clumps...
Eye injuries - foreign body in the eye
Don't try to remove a foreign body from your eye - go to your doctor or hospital emergency department for help...
Eyes - blocked tear duct
Some babies are born with a blocked tear duct, but other events, including infection and trauma to the nose, can cause a blocked tear duct...
Eyes - flash burns
Flash burns are like sunburn in the eye and can affect both your eyes. Find out more...
Styes
Styes may be red and sore, but they generally do not cause any damage to the eye or eyelids...
Eye conditions
Blepharospasm
Blepharospasm means involuntary twitching, blinking, closure or squeezing of the eyelids...
Cataracts
A cataract of the eye is like the lens of a camera becoming fogged up...
Colour vision deficiency (colour blindness)
People who have a colour vision deficiency have difficulty seeing some colours or see them differently from other people. Colour vision deficiency is often inherited, and affects more males than...
Conjunctivitis
Conjunctivitis is an eye infection caused by a bacteria or virus. Symptoms include eye redness, a discharge and swollen lids. Conjunctivitis is treated with antibacterial eye drops or ointment...
Diabetic retinopathy
Without treatment, diabetic retinopathy can cause loss of vision and blindness...
Eyes - giant cell arteritis
Giant cell arteritis is inflammation of the arteries that can cause sudden blindness in one or both eyes...
Eyes - glaucoma
Glaucoma can happen at any age and without early detection can lead to permanent vision loss and blindness...
Eyes - optic neuritis
Optic neuritis is inflammation of the optic nerve that causes blurred, grey and dim vision...
Eyes - retinitis pigmentosa
Retinitis pigmentosa is the collective name for a range of diseases that damage the retina and cause vision to fade...
Eyes - trachoma
A clean face and clean environment are the best protection against trachoma...
Eyes - uveitis
Iritis can cause vision problems if it is not treated...
Pterygium
A pterygium is a fleshy overgrowth of the conjunctiva that may affect one or both eyes...
Retinal detachment
If a detached retina is not treated, it can lead to total blindness...
Vision change and loss
Eyes - age-related macular degeneration
Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a type of vision loss where there is a distortion or absence of the central field of vision...
Eyes – long-sightedness
A significant amount of long-sightedness can lead to blurred vision, particularly for close objects...
Eyes – refractive errors
Refractive errors are common eye disorders causing blurry vision and are related to the focusing ability of your eyes...
Eyes - vision loss
A person with vision loss needs to make adaptations in order to do some everyday activities...
Short-sightedness
If you are short-sighted, you will have trouble seeing objects clearly in the distance and they will appear blurry...
Vision loss - neurological
Neurological vision impairment (ABI VI) is vision loss caused by damage to the areas of the brain that are responsible for sight...
Vision aids and treatment
Corneal transplantation and donation
Corneal transplant surgery would not be possible without generous donors and their families, who have donated corneal tissue so that others may see...
Eyes - contact lenses
Proper care of your contact lenses will help avoid irritation or damage to your eyes...
Eyes - laser eye surgery
During laser eye surgery, a computer-controlled laser is used to remove microscopic amounts of tissue from the front surface of the eye...
Vision therapy
Vision therapy is effective for everyone; however, its impact is greatest in children and young adults...
Living with vision loss
Braille
Braille is a reading and writing system for blind and vision impaired people, made up of raised dots that can be ?read? by touch...
Eyes - vision loss
A person with vision loss needs to make adaptations in order to do some everyday activities...
Vision loss and sport
Many sports can be adapted to suit people who are blind or have low vision...
Vision loss - living with a guide dog
Guide dogs are intelligent animals that thrive on the challenge of helping their handlers...
Vision loss - occupational therapy
Occupational therapy for people with vision impairment offers new strategies and alternative ways to do things...
Vision loss - offering assistance
When you meet a person who is blind or has low vision, ask them if they want help...
Vision loss - recreational activities
Many recreational activities can be reworked to suit a person who is blind or has low vision...
Vision loss - safety around the home
There are many ways to improve home safety for people whose vision is deteriorating...
Vision loss - social events
With planning and preparation, most social events can be adapted to suit people with vision loss...
Vision loss - training guide dogs
Guide dogs are specially bred and trained to enable people who are blind or vision impaired to achieve freedom and independence...
Related Information
Eyes - vision loss
A person with vision loss needs to make adaptations in order to do some everyday activities...
Eyes – refractive errors
Refractive errors are common eye disorders causing blurry vision and are related to the focusing ability of your eyes...
10 tips for good eye health
Most vision problems are avoidable or can be treated so have your eyes regularly checked by an optometrist or other eye care health professional...
Eyes – long-sightedness
A significant amount of long-sightedness can lead to blurred vision, particularly for close objects...
Eyes - age-related macular degeneration
Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a type of vision loss where there is a distortion or absence of the central field of vision...
Home
Related information on other websites
Myopia – Optometry Australia
Nearsightedness – Mayo Clinic
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Department of Health and Human Services
Last updated:
October 2015
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 17 Oct 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/short-sightedness
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top