http://www.caringcompanionsathome.com/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Main menuHome
Our Story
Services
Service Areas
Questions?
Resources
Employment
Blog
Contact Us
Serving the Senior Community since 1999.
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Caring Companions at Home uses and protects any information you give Caring Companions at Home when you use this website. Caring Companions at Home is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Caring Companions at Home may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 18, 2012.
The Information We Collect
We may collect the following information:
name
mailing address
contact information including email address
telephone number
What We Do with the Information We Gather
The information collected on this website is solely to help Caring Companions at Home better understand the needs of our clients so we can provide you with the best possible service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about our services, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail. We may also use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, contact us. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Connect With Us:
Honoree: Diane Mondini
Lifetime Caregiver
Visionary Women Awards Honoree 2019
Philanthropy Partner
2016 Gala
Visionary Women of the Year
2012
Honoree: Diane Mondini
In appreciation for your Dedication and Commitment to Older Adults in Our Communities - 2017
Special Offers!!
New Clients Special Offer!
Call us today for a free in-home assessment and receive a 10% discount on all services billed during the first month. This offer is valid for a limited time only, so act now!
Veterans Special Offer
Did you know there are financial benefits available for veterans, or their surviving spouses, for non-service connected disabilities? Please call our office for more details.
Client Reviews
Having Caring Companions at Home allows me to go to work and make a living.  I don’t have to worry about my mother when she is with her caregivers from Caring Companions at Home.
- Adele M
Thank you for such great care and service in finding a suitable caregiver to help with my 83 year old Dad after having sergury. Having my Dad recover at home with a care giver was the best thing for him rather than sending him to a rehabilitation center.
- Rula T.
The services from Caring Companions at Home have given our family the comfort that our mother is being taken care of.  I would tell a friend that Caring Companions at Home is an excellent company and they are responsive. Caring Companions at Home is a wonderful service to have to help take care of family.
- Gloria J
Caring Companions at Home has been a godsend for our mom. We needed help with bathing our mom and assistance in the restroom while our dad is at work. The staff found us a wonderful care giver who worked with her for 6 months.
- Mother's Care
I don’t know what I would do without the help from Caring Companions at Home, and the caregiver goes above the call of duty. We get along very well, and she is very helpful. I couldn’t live by myself without the help from them.  I would tell a friend that I highly recommend Caring Companions at Home.
The caregiver from Caring Companions at Home perks me up all the time when I am having a bad day, which helps me. I lost my wife about ten years ago after we had been married for 50 years, and I sometimes think she sent the caregiver to me. This morning I was about ready to throw in the towel, and my caregiver just perked me right up and I feel better.  God sent the caregiver to me.
- George M
I feel like being able to call someone and then get someone to help is very convenient. The people that Caring Companions at Home send are very patient and kind.
- Petra A
It has been a pleasure dealing with Caring Companions at Home! They did everything they said they would- My father suffers from dementia and cannot be left alone and they got us a wonderful caregiver!
- Suzy M.
The most helpful thing from Caring Companions at Home is that the caregivers are as flexible as family members. They do the smallest things in order to accommodate my mother.
- Joan A
This agency has been providing high quality caregivers for my 90+ year old Mom for several years now.  Finding the right person is a lot like dating -- there are some hits and misses and you have to keep giving different people a chance.
- Mp W.
Caring Companions gives me peace of mind knowing that my father is being taken care of.  Caring Companions has excellent care and they treat their clients like family.
The caregiver from Caring Companions at Home goes above and beyond, and we consider her a member of the family.
- Alfred B
When my mom was in hospice, two ladies from Caring Companions at Home took turns staying with her in her home 24/7 until she passed away. They were attentive, kind, and kept the kitchen clean and house tidy.
- Linda W.
Having Caring Companions at Home impacts me positively because I can depend on the caregivers to help Mir, so that I am free to do the things I need to do.
- Mir H
Karen is the best caregiver my father has ever had and I appreciate what she and Caring Companions At Home has done to help my father stay in...
- Cathy S.
I could not have done it without Caring Companions at Home.
- Mildred N
Caring Companions at Home is reliable, and I can count on them.  The people that I talk to at Caring Companions at Home are very helpful. They do what they say they are going to do.
- Bill S
The services from Caring Companions at Home are a tremendous help. It gives me time to rest and do things I need to do.  The caregiver takes care of Charlotte when I cannot.
- Charlotte F
Caring Companions at Home is efficient and professional.  Caring Companions at Home is good and reliable. I appreciate them.
- Clyde K
Caring Companions at Home has attentive caregivers who have the right spirit.  Caring Companions at Home does a very good job and is conscientious.  Caring Companions at Home’s office staff has been helpful by being prompt in communication.
- Obdulia D
All of the caregivers have been very nice people and they have worked will with me and my schedule.
- Marvin F
Caring Companions at Home really cares and will do anything you ask of them.
- Veta J
I’m impressed with Caring Companions at Home because the two caregivers have been wonderful, caring and respectful.  The caregivers from Caring Companions at Home are professional, caring, and do their job. The caregivers from Caring Companions at Home are compassionate because they understand what they are there for. They are kind and patient.
The office staff at Caring Companions at Home is very thorough, patient, they listen to my needs, and they try to get to know me so they can get a good match.
- Jo S
Caring Companions at Home is up to date with technology and care. I like the tips that they give.
- Roberta V
I would tell others that Caring Companions at Home is good and caring.
- Stewart L
Caring Companions at Home’s office has been very willing to work with me and get the right person to control my step-dad. They are always available to speak with and listen to me.
- Daryl B
The caregivers from Caring Companions at Home have shown compassion by being extra nice to my husband.  If I leave him with them, he feels comfortable.
- Libby O
Previous
Pause
Next
Read all reviews