https://www.texasentandallergy.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Keeping Our Patients Safe During COVID-19Learn More
Toll Free: (877) 377-4ENT
(4368)
Main Phone:
(979) 693-6000
Allergy Department:
(979) 693-1991
Audiology/Hearing Aids
(979) 693-7419
Fax: (979) 693-1900
About
Locations
Contact
Close
Menu
Close
About Us
About Us
Request an Appointment
Bill Pay
Patient Portal
New Patients
Our Team
Reviews
Our Locations
Patient Forms
Blog
Careers
ENT
Ear
Ear Infections
Ear Tubes
Eardrum Perforation
Earwax Removal
Cholesteatoma
Mastoid Surgery
Cochlear Implant
Hearing Loss
Nose
Nasal Obstruction
Deviated Septum
Turbinate Procedures
Loss of Sense of Smell
Nosebleeds
Postnasal Drip
Rhinitis
Sinusitis
ClariFix
LATERA Implant
Throat
Sore Throat
Tonsils & Adenoids
Voice Disorders
Hoarseness
Videostroboscopy
Swallowing Disorders
Tongue Tie
Sleep Apnea
Snoring
Hearing
Hearing Tests
Adult Hearing Tests
Pediatric Hearing Tests
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Overview
Choosing a Hearing Aid
Hearing Aid Styles
Hearing Aid Accessories
Hearing Aid Repairs
Pediatric Hearing Aids
Adult Hearing Aids
Implants
Adult Cochlear Implants
Pediatric Cochlear Implants
Bone Anchored Hearing Devices
Ear Protection
Swim Earmolds
Hunter’s Earmolds
Musicians Earplugs
Sinus & Allergy
Sinus
Sinus Overview
Balloon Sinuplasty
Nasal & Sinus Surgery
Nasal Polyps
Sinus Surgery
Endoscopic Sinus Surgery
Sinusitis
Allergy
Allergy Overview
Types of Allergies
Allergy Symptoms
Allergy Testing
Allergy Treatments
Allergy Drops
Allergy Shots
Local Pollen Count
Head & Neck
Head & Neck
Head & Neck Masses
Head & Neck Cancer
Skin Cancer Surgery
Salivary Gland Surgery
Thyroid Surgery
Parathyroid Surgery
Surgery & Imaging
Surgery Overview
CT Imaging
Ultrasound Guided FNA
Procedures
Park Hudson Surgery Center
Contact
SearchSearch Results for:
Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using the https://canned.fuel.team website (the “Service”) operated by Texas ENT & Allergy (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Texas ENT & Allergy and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Texas ENT & Allergy.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Texas ENT & Allergy.
Texas ENT & Allergy has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Texas ENT & Allergy shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Texas, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30-day notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:Texas ENT & Allergy1730 Birmingham RdCollege Station, TX 77845 (877) 377-4368
Name*Email*
Phone*How can we help you?Request an appointmentHelp with Billing IssueQuestion for AudiologyQuestion for Allergy DepartmentOther
Please prove you are human by selecting the Icon
Varies
Texas Allergy & ENT | 1730 Birmingham Dr. College Station,
TX
77845
|
Office: (979) 693-6000