http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-loss/middle-ear-infections
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
47
www.HealthyHearing.com
Baby crying and tugging at ear
“Mommy, my ear hurts.” It’s a sentence no parent wants to hear, yet most of us will. Year after year, ear infections rank among the top reasons parents take their kids to the pediatrician.
Pain and tugging on ears can indicate
an ear infection.
There are different types of ear infections (such as the outer ear infection known as swimmer's ear), and they all can cause temporary hearing loss. Yet, in children, it's middle ear infections that are most associated with temporary hearing loss.
Also called acute otitis media, middle ear infections result in ear pain and inflammation. During or after the initial infection, fluid can build up in the air-filled space behind the eardrum, which is known as otitis media with effusion.
This build-up can reduce movement of the eardrum and middle ear bones, leading to trouble hearing. This can be alarming, but there is good news: If treated properly, the infection will clear, the ear pain will go away, and your child’s hearing ability will return to normal. Still, it's important to learn the causes, symptoms and risk factors so you know when to seek medical help for your child.
Causes of middle ear infections
In short, middle ear infections almost always develop during or after upper respiratory infections, such as the common cold. The infection causes inflammation and swelling in the back of the throat, including the anatomical part known as the the Eustachian tube. This tube connects the throat to the middle ear, and when it’s swollen, it can no longer equalize the pressure in the middle ear space.
The dark red area is the middle ear, where
fluid can accumulate—causing pain,
pressure and infection.
This pressure builds up in the tiny middle ear space and normal secretions can’t drain away as they normally would. The negative pressure and excess fluid can cause ear pain, pressure, dizziness and temporary hearing loss.
Why are children so prone to ear infections?
Middle ear infections can happen to anyone with a cold. However, younger children are far more prone to middle ear infections for two reasons. First, their immune systems are less developed, so it’s harder to fight off respiratory infections. Second, their Eustachian tubes are more horizontal, making it harder for fluid to drain.
Another risk factor for middle ear infection is a chronic infection of the adenoids or tonsils. These glands are close to the Eustachian tube, so viral or bacterial invaders can easily spread to the middle ear. In those cases, an ear-throat-nose specialist, known as an otolaryngologist, may recommend surgical removal of those glands—known as a tonsillectomy or adenoidectomy—to prevent the spread of infections in the future. Once the surgical areas have healed and the middle ear space is ventilated, middle ear infections will likely get better.
Symptoms of middle ear infections
For babies and toddlers, it can be difficult to recognize symptoms for little ones who cannot verbally express the ear pain or irritation they might be experiencing. If you're concerned a child that you take care of could have a middle ear infection, look for these tell-tale signs:
Fever
Constant or frequent scratching or pulling at the ears (indicating pain or discomfort)
Slowed response to voices and other sounds (indicating trouble hearing)
Irritability
Secretions from the ear
For older children, adolescents and adults, these symptoms are possible:
A constant earache
A feeling of pressure in the ears
Difficulty understanding speech
Feelings of dizziness or imbalance
Vomiting or general nausea
Rarely, a feeling of "double hearing"
If you or your child has any of the symptoms above, call your pediatrician, family doctor or otolaryngologist. It is important to act quickly because a middle ear infection can easily be treated and the ear pain alleviated. Here’s what to do if it’s the weekend or a holiday.
For children with autism, ear infection diagnosis may be delayed, due to communication difficulties. However, they are not more prone to infections than other children. More: Autism, auditory processing disorder and your child’s hearing health.
The link to hearing loss
Middle ear infections can affect your child's hearing. This can be unsettling, but it's almost always temporary and doesn't result in any permanent hearing loss. Still, any hearing loss should be evaluated by a healthcare professional.
Addressing hearing loss is important because infants and toddlers who suffer from chronic ear infections experience stretches of mild hearing loss during a crucial learning period for speech and language.
Treating middle ear infections
Treating a middle ear infection usually involves two steps: Treating the pain, and then, if symptoms don’t improve, prescribing antibiotic medication to fight the infection. Doctors sometimes wait to prescribe antibiotics because an otherwise healthy child may be able to fight the infection on their own, helping a child avoid side effects and other risks of antibiotics.
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends focusing on pain management for the first 1 to 2 days before prescribing antibiotics. Over-the-counter ibuprofen and acetaminophen are recommended for pain relief, and occasionally ear drops that contain pain medicine.
Doctors sometimes wait to prescribe antibiotics, because the infection may clear up on its own.
If a doctor prescribes antibiotics to treat a middle ear infection, it is usually amoxicillin. This oral antibiotic works to destroy the infection. Over time, inflammation will get better, and the Eustachian tubes can properly ventilate the middle ear.
Until the backed-up fluids have cleared, your child is prone to recurrent infections. It is important to take the entire course of prescribed antibiotics—even though the symptoms may have subsided. Older children may report being able to hear better several days after they have resumed normal activities. This is a sign that the fluid build-up has resolved.
Recurrent or chronic ear infections
For recurrent middle ear infections and lingering middle ear fluid that causes temporary hearing loss, an otolaryngologist may recommend a minor surgical procedure known as ear tube surgery, to insert a tubes into the eardrums.
This is usually an outpatient procedure. A doctor will typically make a small incision in the eardrum and place a small tube. The tube, also called a pressure equalization tube, aerates the middle ear space through the ear canal to allow any trapped fluids to dissipate. This procedure has become less common in recent years, reserved for children who are having trouble hearing as a result of recurring middle ear infections.
Can you prevent ear infections?
Because colds are very infectious and easily spread among children, it can be very hard to prevent your child from getting sick. However, there are risk factors you can control:
Limit your child’s exposure to secondhand smoke
Make sure your child—and you—are vaccinated against the flu every year
Follow good hygiene habits, like frequent handwashing and using hand sanitizer
Teach your child to cough into her elbow, not her hands
Wear swim ear plugs when swimming
If hearing loss isn’t from an infection
If your child has sudden hearing loss but no signs of a middle ear or respiratory infection, be sure to check out our page on hearing loss in children. Acting quickly is important because children with hearing loss can have delayed language and speech development. Our directory can also help you find audiologists near you.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing loss / Middle ear infections
Related topics
Symptoms Types Causes Tests Treatment Prevention Children Noise
More information about
hearing aids, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
COVID-19 and hearing loss: What we know
Medical doctors who treat hearing loss: Otolaryngologists and neurotologists
Understanding high-frequency hearing loss
How hearing loss affects school performance
How do I get water out of my ears?
What you need to know about earwax
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Hearing loss
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!