https://www.highspiritsretreat.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Courses
A $200 non refundable, non transferable deposit is required to confirm your booking. ($500 for Leadership & Facilitators). The balance must be paid four (4) weeks prior to commencement. If the course is unable to be attended for any reason, Mette’s Institute is to be contacted as soon as possible. The course cost minus the deposit amount may be transferred to another course, or refunded – only if the vacancy on the course can be filled by someone else.
Venue Hire
The fee for hire of the venue is $660/night for the first two nights and $550 per night thereafter, with a minimum 3 night hire. This fee includes use of the kitchen, the accommodation building (24 beds) – 6 rooms, 4 to an en-suite room, and the temple hall space. Two hours usage of the sauna per day is included, and use of the saltwater pool.
One third of the total hire fee is required as a non-refundable deposit to secure a booking. Full payment of hire is required 2 weeks prior to hire date.
Check in time is 2 pm, and Check out time is 2pm. Check in/check out time is negotiable to fit in with your program.
The above prices are for self-catering, and do not include the use of any of Mette’s Institute linen or towels.
General cleaning of the kitchen, accommodation building floors and bathrooms, vacuum of training hall and cleaning of sauna/pool area is an expected part of your hire.
Any breakage of items or equipment due to improper use is to be repaired/replaced by the hirer.
Please also ensure:
You have appropriate public liability insurance cover for your workshop or group.
No alcohol or illegal drugs are consumed on the premises.
The no smoking requirement is adhered to.
That participants use water wisely, as we are on tank water.
Screen doors on dorms, training hall and house are to be kept closed at all times – this prevents uninvited creatures from entering.
Shoes are removed before entering all premises, except the kitchen area.
No wood is chopped. Please use the wood provided.
All rubbish is removed from High Spirits.
No-one feeds the wild life – this is important for ecological reasons.
No neighboring properties of High Spirits are entered.
No outside fires are permitted.
No pets are brought to High Spirits.
Website Terms of Use
Introduction and Acceptance of Terms of Use.
Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd offers you a wide range of content, communication tools, forums, and information about its products and services (“Materials”) via this web site. By using this web site, you are agreeing to accept and comply with the terms and conditions of use as stated below (“Terms of Use”), which Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd may update at any time without notice. You should visit this page periodically to review the then-current Terms of Use. Please note that Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd may, at its sole discretion, terminate your access to this web site at any time without notice.
Limited Right to Use.
This web site is owned and operated by Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd. Unless otherwise specified, all Materials on this web site are the property of Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd and are protected by the copyright laws of Australia and, throughout the world by the applicable copyright laws. You may, view, print and/or download one copy of the Materials from this web site on any single computer solely for your personal, informational, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. No Materials published by Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd on this web site, in whole or in part, may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without prior written permission from Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd. The use of any such Materials on any other web site or networked computer environment or for any other purpose is strictly prohibited and such unauthorized use may violate copyright, trademark and other similar laws.
Communications.
Except for any disclosure by you for technical support purposes, or as specified in our Privacy Statement, all communications from you to this web site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that any and all comments, information, feedback and ideas regarding our company, products or services that you communicate to Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd (“Feedback”) will be deemed, at the time of communication to Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd, the property of Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd, and Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd shall be entitled to full rights of ownership, including without limitation, unrestricted right to use or disclose such Feedback in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed, and for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you. You are solely responsible for the content of your communications and their legality under all laws and regulations. You agree not to use this web site to distribute, link to or solicit content that is defamatory, harassing, unlawful, libellous, harmful to minors, threatening, obscene, false, misleading, or infringing a third party intellectual or privacy rights.
Access to Password Protected or Secured Areas.
Access to and use of password protected or secured areas of this web site is restricted to authorized users only. You will be asked to provide accurate and current information on all registration forms on this web site. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any username and password that you choose or is chosen by your web administrator on your behalf, to access this web site as well as any activity that occur under your username/password. You will not misuse or share your username or password, misrepresent your identity or your affiliation with an entity, impersonate any person or entity, or misstate the origin of any Materials you are exposed to through this web site.
Monitoring.
Although Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd is not obligated to do so, it will have the right to review your communications on this web site to determine whether you comply with our Terms of Use. Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd will not have any liability or responsibility for the content of any communications you post to this web site, or for any errors or violations of any laws or regulations by you. Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd will comply with any court order in disclosing the identity of any person posting communications on this web site. It is advisable that you review our Privacy Policy before posting any such communications. Please note that when you conduct transactions with other companies providing content via this web site, you will also be subject to their privacy policies.
Links to Other Sites.
The linked sites are not under the control of Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd and Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd reserves the right to terminate any link at any time. Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd may provide links from this web site to other sites as a convenience to you and in no way should this be interpreted as an endorsement of any company, content or products to which it links. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this web site, you do this entirely at your own risk. Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO ANY SUCH LINKED SITES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY TERMS AS TO THE ACCURACY, OWNERSHIP, VALIDITY OR LEGALITY OF ANY CONTENT OF A LINKED SITE.
Trademarks.
The trademarks, service marks and logos of Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd and others used in this web site (“Trademarks”) are the property of Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd and their respective owners. You have no right to use any such Trademarks, and nothing contained in this web site or the Terms of Use grants any right to use (by implication, waiver, estoppel or otherwise) any Trademarks without the prior written permission of Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd or the respective owner.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd harmless from and against any and all third party claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees and costs) arising out of, based on or in connection with your access and/or use of this web site.
Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PRESENTED ON THIS WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY EVEN IF Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Disclaimer.
Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd assumes no responsibility for accuracy, correctness, timeliness, or content of the Materials provided on this web site. You should not assume that the Materials on this web site are continuously updated or otherwise contain current information. Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd is not responsible for supplying content or materials from the web site that have expired or have been removed. THE MATERIALS PROVIDED AT THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ANY WARRANTY (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED), CONDITION OR OTHER TERM OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR TITLE IS HEREBY EXCLUDED.
Applicable Laws.
These Terms of Use are governed by the law in force in the State of Queensland, Australia, and the parties irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland and courts of appeal from them for determining any dispute concerning the Terms of Use.
General.
If you have any questions regarding the Terms of Use, please contact Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd via our contact page.
Mette’s Institute 297 Sister Tree Creek Rd Kin Kin QLD 4571
Venue for Hire High Spirits Retreat is available for groups to hire out the venue, with a minimum hire of 3 nights. Contact us for more information.
Contact Mette’s Institute Phone: 07 5485 4800
International: +61 7 5485 4800
Email: info@highspiritsretreat.com.au
Scroll to top
CALL US
X