http://www.shareyourlife.org/privacy-policy
Donate Life America has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to the importance of the protection of your privacy. This Privacy Statement is applicable to www.donatelife.net. www.donatelife.net does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals voluntarily provide such information. Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without specific approval of the user at the point of collection. www.donatelife.net reserves the right to perform site statistical analyses in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform organizations of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or accessed an organization’s specific banner. www.donatelife.net will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Users should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of www.donatelife.net internet servers. www.donatelife.net reserves the right to amend this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new policy statement. This statement and the policies outlined at www.donatelife.net are not intended to and do not create or vest any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you may contact donatelifeamerica [at] donatelife [dot] net.
Register NowWhy We Need Your HelpCurrently, more than 120,000 men, women and children are awaiting organ transplants in the United States.In 2015, 30,000 transplants brought new life to patients and their families (from 8,500 deceased and 6,000 living donors)About 58% of patients awaiting lifesaving transplants are minoritiesAnother person is added to the nation’s organ transplant waiting list every 10 minutesSadly, 8,000 people die each year - 22 people each day - because the organs they need are not donated in time.Each year, there are approximately 30,000 tissue donors and more than 1 million tissue transplants; the surgical need for donated tissue is steadily rising.48,000 patients have their sight restored through corneal transplants each year. *as of May 2016
Search Site
Privacy Policy
Legal 804.377.3580