http://www.abohn.org/about-abohn/privacy
Skip to main content
Main menu
About ABOHN
Reasons for Board Certification
Board of Directors
ABOHN Staff
History
Terms and Conditions
FAQs
Privacy
About Us
Strategic Plan
Certification
COHN / COHN-S Eligibility
Handbooks
COHN and/or COHN-S Certification Application
Case Management Eligibility
Handbook - CM
Examination Fees
CM Exam Fee
COHN Exam Fee
COHN-S Exam Fee
Certification Self Assessment Tests (CSATs)
Case Managment
COHN
COHN-S
Fees and Payments
Certification Statistics
Misuse of Credentials
Code of Ethics
Questions and Appeals
About PSI - ABOHN's testing partner
Reciprocity - Canada
International Candidates
Maintenance
Renewal Forms (Cycle Years 1-4)
Recertification (Cycle Year 5)
Handbook
Retirement
Inactive Status
DIGITAL BADGES
Duplicate Wall Certificate Request Form
Paper Wallet Card Request Form
Credit Card Form
ABOHN Fees
Awards
Debra L. Fischer Gibbon Excellence in Occupational Health Nursing Award
Ann M Lachat Excellence in Occupational Health Nursing Award
Ada Mayo Stewart Excellence in Occupational Health Case Management Award
Employer Recognition Award
Research Award
Resources
Career Guide
Verification
ABOHN Newsletter
ABOHNShop
Continuing Education Links
Information Links
Latest Practice Analysis
Flyers
Which Exam Should You Take - COHN or COHN-S?
For Employers
Job Postings
Upcoming Events
Home
About ABOHN
Privacy
Privacy
This American Board for Occupational Health Nurses, Inc. (ABOHN) privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the website www.abohn.org.
INFORMATION AND USE
ABOHN is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
SITE REGISTRATION
In order to use portions of our website, you must complete one or more registration forms. During registration you are required to give your contact information (e.g., name and e-mail address). This information is to provide you with the services on our site for which you have expressed interest. Certain other demographic information is identified as optional. The type of service you are using affects the types of information you are requested, or required, to provide.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
ABOHN does not collect any personal identification information if you browse the Site and do not register with us. All the information we collect will be through registration pages and other user-driven actions. Any personal information we collect through the Site will be information specifically provided by you through user-driven actions, including the use of application forms.  You are responsible for the confidentiality of your login and password for your account. ABOHN is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to keep your password confidential.  If you supply us with your postal address or your email address online, you may receive periodic mailings/emailings from us with information on new products and services, upcoming events or job postings.  If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling, e-mailing or writing to us.
COOKIES
ABOHN uses "cookies," small files placed on the hard drive of your computer, to provide services to you and help ensure account security. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you end your session (log out or close your browser). Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
SHARING
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We may partner with another party to provide specific services (for example: PSI,  our testing service providers). When you sign up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. We may also disclose certain information with legal counsel or with officers of the court when required or needed.
The ABOHN membership list is sold periodically to other organizations who wish to send information regarding various educational courses, publications or other products or services that are presumed to be of interest to occupational health nurse practitioners. ABOHN carefully screens all such requests to ensure that these offerings are appropriate and in good taste. If you do not want us to share your address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling 630-789-5799, e-mailing info@abohn.org, or writing to us at 7250 W College Dr # 2 SW, Palos Heights, IL  60463.
LINKS
Our web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
SURVEYS
From time-to-time our site may request information from you via surveys. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (e.g., name and shipping address), and demographic information (e.g., zip code and age level).
SECURITY
Our website takes every precaution to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When we ask you to enter sensitive information (e.g., credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the industry standard encryption software known as SSL. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also take prudent measures to protect your information off-line. ABOHN has appropriate security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.
It is important to note that you also play a significant role in protecting your information. We take precautions to ensure that no one can view or edit your personal information on our web site without knowing your password, so do not share your password with others.
CORRECTING/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If your personally identifiable information changes (e.g., your zip code) we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data provided to us UNLESS the data you have provided is under the auspices of a client for whom we are required to maintain long-term information for examination, licensure or credentialing purposes.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
ABOHN may change this statement from time to time. When updates are made, the Terms and Conditions statement version date will also be updated to reflect that a revision occurred. We encourage you to periodically reread this statement to see if there have been any changes that may affect you. This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Copyright ® 2016 American Board for Occupational Health Nurses, Inc.