http://www.ifraorg.org/privacy-policy/cookies-policy
Cookies policy
Safe use
About the IFRA Standards
Code of Practice
Standards Library
Certificates
Standards and Code documentation
Initiatives
Introduction
Sustainability Charter
Transparency
Value of Fragrance
Glossary
Analytical methods and guidance
Global Fragrance Summit
Policy
Policy hub
Policy library
News
IFRA Newsroom
COVID-19
About Fragrance
Introduction
What is a fragrance?
A sense of wonder
A sense of purpose
A sense of responsibility
About IFRA
Introduction
IFRA members
IFRA regions
IFRA Board
IFRA team
Work at IFRA
FAQ
Contact us
2020 Annual Report
Mail
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Youtube
Flickr
Home
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of data stored in your web browser while you are browsing our website. When you browse our website again in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved to notify us of your previous activity. Our cookies don't store personal information such as your name or your address. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to improve the performance of our website in order to provide you with a better user experience.
On this page
Cookies and how to manage them [External link]
Which cookies does this site use?
We use Google Analytics, which creates a number of first-party cookies:_ga: registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. This cookie expires after 2 years._gat: used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate, which means that it limits the collection of data on high traffic sites. This cookie expires after 1 day._gid: registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. This cookie expires after 1 day.collect: is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. It tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. This is a session cookie and expires when you exit the browser.We don't believe that our use of Google Analytics is privacy-intrusive. We use the data that is collected in the following ways:To report, in aggregate, how our visitors find and use our website;To understand overall visitor behavior;To inform how we update and improve our website.We do allow Google to use this data to collate and aggregate benchmarking data, which they provide to us, about similar websites in our industry.  To do this, Google further anonymizes the analytics data by removing all identifiable information about our website. It also combines the data with hundreds of other anonymous sites in comparable industries.We do not share our analytics data with any other third parties.To opt out of our use of Google Analytics you may wish to consider using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
How do I manage cookies manually?
You can manage cookies manually via your browser, by clicking the links below:Safari | Opera | Internet Explorer | Chrome | Mozilla Firefox
Which third-party cookies does this site use?
In addition to our first-party cookies, you may be served one or more of the following third-party cookies during your visit to our website.  Third-party cookies are cookies created by an external service when you use a page on our website. These cookies are specific to the third-party's domain and so the data held in them can be seen and managed by the third party and not by us. We control whether or not we use the third-party service with our website, and how it is integrated and presented on our website. We do not have control over the cookies themselves. We use Google Maps on our Contact Us page to provide detailed information on how to locate our office.  Google Maps stores up to four cookies: khcookie, NID, SNID and PREF. We use Google's interactive maps because we believe they provide a helpful way for our visitors to identify how best to travel to us. We use the Google Maps tools on the basis that Google adheres to its privacy policy and its terms of service for Google Maps.We may use YouTube to host video content. When you view a web page on our site with an embedded YouTube video, YouTube creates at least three cookies: VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, use_hitbox, and PREF.  In some circumstances you may also find an additional GEO cookie. We use the YouTube service as a convenience for our visitors, and we use it on the basis that Google adheres to its privacy policy.YouTube's embedded player currently creates and updates two Flash LSO objects from s.ytimg.com. The LSOs are soundData (which appears to store volume setting preferences) and videostats (which appears to store performance-related information).  We have no direct control over YouTube's use of the data stored in this object.
What about social media and sharing tools?
We work with carefully selected suppliers who also use cookies on our website. These cookies enable certain features that run in conjunction with partners such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to function. We don't control the setting of some of these cookies. For more information please visit the relevant website to view their policies:Facebook | Twitter | Google The embedded ‘share’ buttons on our web pages enable you to easily share content with your connections through a number of social networks. When you click one of these buttons, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies.Facebook | Twitter | Google
Sharepoint
Bylaws
Copyright & Disclaimer
Privacy
IFRA Brand Book
Contact Us
Mail
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Youtube
Flickr
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. Find out more by following this link Ok