https://www.aaoinfo.org/_/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis policy describes how the American Association of Orthodontists (“AAO”) collects, uses, and shares personal information that it receives from the public.  If you are a member of AAO, you can find a separate discussion of how it collects, uses, and shares personal information about members here.  You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below: Types Of Information We CollectUse And Processing Of InformationSharing Of InformationYour ChoicesHow We Protect Personal InformationMiscellaneous Contact InformationTypes Of Information We CollectThe following are examples of the type of information that we collect and how we use that information. ContextTypes of DataPrimary Purpose for Collection
and Use of DataFind an OrthodontistWe collect your name, address, email address, and telephone number.   We offer visitors to our website the ability to find a local orthodontist, and to request an appointment with that orthodontist.  To that end, we use the information that a visitor provides to perform our contract pursuant to  our website terms of use, and for our legitimate interest in providing the Find an Orthodontist functionality.   Email Interconnectivity If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases. We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our communications to you. Job PostingsIf you apply for a job posting we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee.  This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number.  Providing information is required to be considered for employment.We use information from job applicants in anticipation of a possible contract of employment.  In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about job applicants.  We also have a legitimate interest in using such information to help us evaluate job candidates.EmploymentIf you become an employee we collect information necessary to retain you as an employee, and to efficiently operate our organization.  This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number.  Providing this information is required for employment.We use information about current employees to perform our contract of employment.  In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees.  We also have a legitimate interest in using such information to have efficient staffing and work force operations.Feedback/SupportIf you provide us feedback or contact us we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.We have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, feedback or issues that are brought to our attention.  SurveysWhen you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey.  If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.We have a legitimate interest in understanding the opinions of survey respondents, and collecting information relevant to our organization.Third Party TrackingWe participate in behavior-based advertising.  This means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests.  That advertising may appear either on our websites, or on other websites.  You can opt-out of receiving advertising based upon your browsing behavior from some network advertising companies by going to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites, although to completely prevent advertising based upon your browsing behavior you should also disable the cookies on your browser.We have a legitimate interest in engaging in behavior-based advertising.Web logsWe collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites.  Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.Cookies and first party tracking We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed. We may use both session cookies (which expire once a web browser is closed) and persistent cookies (which stay on a device until deleted).  Among other things, cookies allow us to provide a more personal and interactive experience and to improve our marketing efforts. Persistent cookies may be removed by following instructions provided by your browser.  If you choose to disable cookies some areas or features of our websites may not work properly. We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.  In addition to the information that we collect from people directly, we may also receive information from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.  For example, if someone submits a job application, or becomes an employee, we may conduct a background check.Use And Processing Of InformationIn addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:To identify you when you visit our websites.To provide services such as the Find an Orthodontist functionality.To improve our services and product offerings.To conduct analytics.To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.Sharing Of InformationIn addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with any entities that are under common control with the AAO, or that supersede us. For example, if another company organization acquired or took over our association we would share information with that organization. Find an Orthodontist. If you request to communicate with an orthodontist through the Find an Orthodontist functionality we will share the information that you provide to us with our orthodontist member.Other Disclosures with Your Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.Service Providers. We share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.Your ChoicesYou can make the following choices regarding your personal information:Promotional EmailsAccess To Your Personal Information. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.Changes To Your Personal Information. You can request that we update, fix, or modify your information. To make such a request you should contact us at the address described below.  Please note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.Deletion Of Your Personal Information. Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.  In addition, we may keep your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce any of our agreements. Revocation Of Consent. If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.California Residents. California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.  If you are a California resident and would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to us using the information in the “Contact Information” section below.How We Protect Personal InformationNo method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.MiscellaneousThe following additional information relates to our privacy practices: Transmission Of Information To Other Countries. Our organization is based in the United States. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in the United States, and recognize that the laws of the United States may provide less protection than the laws of the country in which you reside.  Changes To This Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time.  To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.  Contact InformationIf you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.  We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.AAOAttn: Privacy401 N. Lindbergh Blvd.St. Louis, Missouri 63141-7816info@aaortho.org1.800.424.2841If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.