https://www.rcpath.org/about-the-college/conditions-of-use-and-disclaimer.html
Homepage
About the College
Conditions of use and disclaimer
Conditions of use and disclaimer
Please read this legal message carefully as, by accessing the Royal College of Pathologists [RCPath] website, you agree to be bound by the conditions contained in this legal message:
Copyright
All material contained in this website (unless otherwise indicated) is the property of RCPath and copyright is held by RCPath. This includes data entered into the online portfolio framework.
Use of material
No part of this website may be copied, performed in public, broadcast, published or adapted without the prior written permission of RCPath, except solely for your own personal and non-commercial use.
Material submitted by users
Any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. RCPath will have no obligations with respect to the communications. RCPath and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or any other material that would violate any law.
Online portfolio framework
Any material that users enter into the personal online portfolio will remain confidential to the user. RCPath administrators will not review or monitor this data. Users are prohibited from entering the type of material listed in the above paragraph into the online portfolio. Data entered by the user into the online portfolio is the property of RCPath.
The usage of the online portfolio is restricted to College members, registered pathology trainees and registered fee payers. Failure to pay necessary fees will result in the withdrawal of this service.
Certification of clinical audit scheme
Audits entered and submitted in application for certification of quality of clinical audit are not considered to be confidential. The audits will be available to RCPath administrators for review and will be subjected to an evaluation process. This requires the data to be shared with a number of individuals including two evaluators. It is the users responsibility to ensure that all data submitted is anonymised where appropriate.
The audits submitted may be disseminated, on an individual basis, to pathologists with an interest in the topic. The College may also wish to publish a small number of audits on the website or in the Bulletin. However, audits will not be published without the written permission of the author. Data entered by the user when submitting an application is the property of the RCPath.
Confidentiality
The internet is not a secure medium of communication therefore the RCPath cannot guarantee the security of any information which users input onto the website. RCPath is not and will not be responsible for any damages a user may suffer as a result of loss of confidentiality. Despite the non-secure nature of the internet, RCPath take the confidentiality and privacy of its users seriously and is committed to safeguarding their privacy and confidentiality.
Links
Links are provided for information and convenience only and RCPath assumes no responsibility for, and does not endorse, the contents of any other website to which this site has links. RCPath cannot be held liable for damage suffered or loss or costs incurred howsoever caused, as a result of your use of any other site.
Disclaimer
Whilst RCPath has taken every effort to provide accurate and up-to-date information on this website, neither RCPath, its Members and Fellows (including observers and lay participants), employees, affiliated organisations or any of their employees accept liability or responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information contained on this site. All items may be subject to change from time to time.
It is not intended by RCPath to create any contractual agreement or other legal relation with members or any other person.
Any views expressed by individual contributors are the personal views of those contributors and cannot be taken to represent the views of the College.
RCPath shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any information contained on this site.
Availability
RCPath reserves the right to revise this website service or withdraw access to the whole or any part of the website at any time.
Accessibility
RCPath is committed to making its website accessible to all internet users and to meeting the requirements of the Disability Discrimination Act 1995. We are engaged in an ongoing review of compliance and will act to address areas of non-compliance which we become aware of. The College welcomes input and advice from our site users. If you should be aware of a non-compliance with the Act, and/or general best practice in this respect, please email rcpath@rcpath.org.
Statistical analysis
All accesses to this server are recorded and details about your visit may be used for statistical analysis.
Jurisdiction
These conditions of use are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute.
Online Privacy Policy
1. How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when this website collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about visitors to this website, and those who log in to this website.
When someone visits this website we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting this website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
2. Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The list below explains the cookies we use and why. Each cookie is listed by name, along with what it is used for and how long it is set to last.
RCPath cookies:
Cookie Name 1
cfid, cftoken
What is it for?
This is a sessions cookie, giving access to the website
How long does it last?
10 years, estimated
Cookie Name 2
JSESSIONID
What is it for?
Used in session tracking
How long does it last?
Current session only
Cookie Name 4
ID
What is it for?
Used for Single Sign On endpoint for the CPD external system value: ID of a logged in member. If cookie does not exist: the member will not able to access to CPD external system. It is automatically created when member logged in to RCPath website.
How long does it last?
Current session only
Cookie Name 5
SID
What is it for?
Used for Single Sign On endpoint for the CPD external system. Value: encrypted validation key. If cookie does not exist the member will not be able to access to CPD external system. It is automatically created when member logged in to RCPath
How long does it last?
Current session only
Third Party Cookies:
Cookie Name 6
Twitter widget
Cookie names: external_referer, lang, eu_cn, _ga, _gat_a, _gat_b, _twitter_sess, pid, auth_token, remember_checked_on, kdt, guest_id
What is it for?
Used by Twitter to collect usage information. Location: twitter.com on pages with the Twitter widget. For more details: https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview/privacy
How long does it last?
Various
Cookie Name 7
ShareThis cookies
Cookie names: __stid, __stgmap, __stamap, __stdlxmap, __stacxiommap, __uset, optimizelySegments, optimizelyEndUserId, optimizelyBuckets, ajs_user_id, ajs_group_id, ajs_anonymous_id
What is it for?
Used by ShareThis to collect usage information. Location: sharethis.com on pages with ShareThis button. For more details: http://www.sharethis.com/legal/privacy/
How long does it last?
Various
Cookie Name 9
Youtube cookies
Cookie names: FML,demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, use_hitbox,dkv, recently_watched_video_id_list,PREF,ACTIVITY
What is it for?
Used by Youtube.com to collect usage information. Location: from youtube.com
where we share a youtube video as an imbedded link
How long does it last?
Various
Cookie Name 10
Vimeo cookies
Cookie names: __utmt, __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, last_page, has_seen_upgrade, _abexps, optimizelyEndUserId, optimizelyBuckets, optimizelySegments, vuid, player, clips
What is it for?
Used by Vimeo to collect usage information. Location: from vimeo.com and is set when we share a vimeo video as an imbedded link. For more details:https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
How long does it last?
Various
Cookie Name 11
Sound Cloud widget
Cookie names: __utmt, __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, sc_anonymous_id, __qca, remember_me_flag, _soundcloud_session, __ar_v4
What is it for?
Used by Sound Cloud to collect usage information. Location: from soundcloud.com
and is set as the sound cloud widget. For more details:
https://soundcloud.com/pages/cookies
How long does it last?
Various
Governance
College Calendar
Legacies & donations
Members' guide to the College
Get involved at the College
Working for the College
College vacancies
Named College lectures
Past Presidents
Awards and bursaries
College Relocation
Our venue: Events @ No 6
Impact of COVID-19 on the College
Contact us
RCPath member survey:
you spoke, we listened