http://www.rhinoplasty.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Welcome to www.rhinoplasty.co.uk. This Cookie Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection of information from you when visiting our website through cookies and other tracking technologies.
Overview of UK cookie consent rules
EU law requires organisations placing cookies through websites onto visitors’ computers to obtain their “consent” after providing clear and comprehensive information about how cookies are used on the websites.
In order to comply with this, we have taken four steps:
Identified cookies and other tracking technologies served through this website, the purposes they fulfil, and related information such as their expiry and whether they are first or third party cookies.
Assessed the intrusiveness of these cookies on visitors’ expectations of privacy, based on the information collected.
Provided ‘clear and comprehensive’ information about website cookies with the appropriate level of disclosure corresponding with the intrusiveness of each cookie.
Decided on an appropriate strategy for obtaining consent for website cookies, taking into account their use and intrusiveness. Certain types of cookie may qualify for legal exemptions and, where this is the case, consent will not be required for these cookies.
The consent strategy that is appropriate for any given type of cookie will depend on the intrusiveness of that cookie, taking into account:
who serves the cookie (i.e. a first or third party)
what data the cookie collects
what purposes it fulfils
how long it endures
the nature of the website through which it is served.
Prior consent for websites targeted at audiences with particular health issues: This website targets audiences with specific health issues. Due to the categorisation of health-related data as “sensitive” under European data protection laws, collection of cookie data through this website is considered intrusive. For this reason, we have adopted a prior consent model for certain cookies served through this website.
This site may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information to provide better service to site visitors, customise the site based on your preferences, compile and analyse statistics and trends, and otherwise administer and improve the site for your use. Such information is not combined with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere on the site unless you have consented.
Links to other websites
This site may contain links or references to other websites to which this Cookie Policy does not apply. We encourage you to read the Cookie Policy of every website you visit.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, requests, or concerns related to this Cookie Policy or the information practices of this site, or if you would like to opt out of future communications, please contact us.
Latest Insights
Types of Rhinoplasty
The Difficulties Of Piezo
Correcting An Over-Projected Nose
Correcting An Under-Projected Nose
Reasons For A Secondary Rhinoplasty
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookies PolicyACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.