https://www.hiv-druginteractions.org/privacy
HIV Drug Interactions
Interaction Checker
Apps
Download from the AppStore
Download from Google Play
Interaction Checker
About Us
Mission Statement
Editorial Board
Meet the Team
Interaction Checkers
Interaction Checker
Interaction Checker Lite
View All Checker
Prescribing Resources
Videos
Site News
Contact Us
Feedback Form
Suggest a Drug
Support Us
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
OK
Learn more
Privacy Notice
Below is our privacy notice here at hiv-druginteractions.org
This website is provided by The University of Liverpool in collaboration with Clubzap Ltd. We take the privacy of our website users and the security of their personal information very seriously.
This Privacy Notice is designed to tell you how The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd use and secure personal information collected via www.hiv-druginteractions.org.
Information that we collect
In general, you may browse many parts of this website without providing any personal information. Unless you choose to provide us with personal information by registering for a service, we only collect standard internet log information, details of how visitors use and navigate the site, and information on downloads. This information is collected on an aggregate basis across all visitors and is used to improve the operation of the site (see Use of Cookies below) and to understand how useful you find our information and services. We do not use this information to attempt to identify you.
If you choose to take advantage of specific services or materials available via this website, you may be required to register online. If you register to receive such services, we will collect information about your use of these products and services, such as the activities in which you participate and the e-mail updates or other information sources that you subscribe to. The type of personal information we collect may include:
Contact information (such as name, address, phone number, fax, e-mail address etc)
Other personal information (such as information about your educational/professional background, affiliation or area of specialty, as well as any other personal information that you choose to provide).
How we use your information
If you register to receive services via this website, in general, we will use this information to:
provide access to services
provide you with information on relevant or related products and services
inform you about updated content and information
determine if you are eligible for certain products or services
respond to your questions or requests for information
enhance our website content based on audience profile
provide customer service
We will not use this information for any other purpose without notifying you.
Use of cookies
As noted above, when you visit this website, we may collect, process and use information about you which may not personally identify you but which may be helpful for improving the operation of the site. Such information may be collected through “traffic data” and may entail the use of “cookies”, “IP Addresses” or other numeric codes used to identify your computer. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. You can delete cookies or configure your computer to reject them, although this may disable the site’s ability to manage individual sessions. To read more about the cookies we use, how we use them, and how to manage them, please view the separate cookies policy for this website.
How we share your information
Any personal information that you choose to provide to us is shared only with relevant employees of The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd, in connection with provision of this website, and any third party agents who provide services to us, including our employees and agents located outside of Europe. Agents that we use are forbidden from using your personal information for any other purposes. Your personal information is not shared with or sold to any other third party.
Please note that we may disclose any personal information as is required by law, when necessary for health or safety purposes, or when needed to protect our legal rights. We may also disclose your personal information in the event of the transfer of assets of our business. In such transactions, your personal information will remain subject to the provisions of this privacy notice (unless we obtain your consent otherwise).
Your choices
We apply best efforts to respect your preferences about our use of your personal information. We only want to send you information if you wish to receive it. If you have elected to receive products and services from The University of Liverpool or Clubzap Ltd, and you subsequently wish to opt out of receiving such information, you can do so by using any “unsubscribe” feature in communications that we send to you, or by contacting us directly at the address shown below (see How to Contact Us).
Accessing your personal information
We strive to provide you with reasonable opportunities to access your personal information. You may find out what information we hold about you by making a written request to the address provided below. You may also write to us at this address to correct or update your personal information (see How to Contact Us).
Security of your personal information
Although no systems are completely secure, The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd take appropriate technical and organisational measures to help prevent misuse, loss, destruction, or damage to your personal data.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover links within www.hiv-druginteractions.org to other websites. We advise you to read the privacy statements on other websites that you may link to from www.hiv-druginteractions.org.
Complaints
The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd strive to maintain the highest of standards in collecting and using your personal information. If you are concerned about how we use your information, or if you have any complaints or queries, please contact us at the address shown below (see How to Contact Us).
Changes to this privacy notice
We regularly review how we collect and use personal information provide by website users and may therefore update this privacy notice from time to time. This privacy notice was last updated on 9 April 2013.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or our use of your personal information, or if you want to change or correct your personal information, please contact us by:
Post:
Liverpool Drug Interactions Group
c/o Sara Gibbons
Pharmacology Research Labs
University of Liverpool
Block H, First Floor,
70 Pembroke Place
Liverpool, L69 3GF
Phone:
+44 (0)151 794 5553
Fax:
+44 (0)151 794 5656
Email:
hivgroup@liv.ac.uk
SPONSORS
EDITORIAL SPONSORS
Awards and commendations
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Last Review: December 11, 2020
Copyright © 2020 The University of Liverpool. All rights reserved.