http://www.appliedradiology.com/privacy-policy
About Us
FAQ
Advertise
Contact
Latest Articles
Log In
My Account
(logout)
Journal
Issues
Subscribe
Address Change
Author Guidelines
Advertise
Articles
News
eNews Updates
Videos
COVID-19
AR Connect
RSNA 2019
RSNA 2018
RSNA 2017
RSNA 2016
RSNA 2015
ASTRO 2018
Artificial Intelligence Series
Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
On Demand Webinars
Communities
Artificial Intelligence
Breast Imaging
CT Imaging
MR Imaging
Pediatric Imaging
Cases
Clinical Cases
Case Reviews
Quizzes
CME/CE
Resources
Email Alert Manager
New Subscription
Renew Subscription
Change Address
Author Guidelines
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
AR Connect
COVID19
Bracco
Guerbet
Philips
Telix
Privacy Policy Update: January 2020
About Applied Radiology
Applied Radiology is a trade journal published by Anderson Publishing, Ltd and designed for imaging professionals primarily in the field of radiology and radiation oncology.  Distributed bi-monthly, Applied Radiology publishes physician-authored clinical review articles, case studies, editorials, and related content that is of interest to practicing radiologists, radiologic technologists, radiology administrators and related imaging professionals. In addition, Applied Radiology in connection with its partners; hosts various events and provides accredited medical education through its journal and websites.
You can contact us at:
Anderson Publishing, Ltd. 180 Glenside Avenue Scotch Plains, NJ 07076 Telephone (908) 301-1995
For the purposes of European Union (EU) data protection law (in particular the General Data Protection Regulation, or “GDPR”, and its implementing laws at national level in the EU), we are controller of the processing of Personally Identifiable Information (PII), we describe in this Policy.This Privacy Policy details how we process PII, including the personal data of individuals residing in the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA) when they interact with our services.
In principle, Applied Radiology:
Collects, uses and stores the minimum amount of personal data that is necessary for one or more legitimate business purposes and to comply with legal obligations.
Limits who has access to the personal data in our possession to only those who need it for legitimate business purposes.
Protects personal data through physical and technical security measures tailored to the sensitivity of the personal data we hold.
Communicates with our employees, customers, suppliers, business partners and others about how we intend to use personal data in our day-to-day operations.
Takes reasonable steps to ensure our personal data is accurate and up-to-date.
Integrates privacy in the design of our activities, the software we develop and projects that involve the use of personal data.
If you are based in the EU or the EEA and you are interacting with Applied Radiology as a provider of services or goods, or us monitoring your behavior, then the related processing of your personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and its implementing national laws.
Types of Information Collected
We recognize personal data as any information related to an identified or identifiable individual. Depending on the context of your interactions with Applied Radiology, we collect and use different types of personal data from website visitors, event registrations, and others that interact with us.
Accounts on our website: All members and customers have the possibility to create an online account. Besides the information you provide us when becoming a member, we also process your username, passwords, and we log your activity on the website.
Registration to events: We organize different events, which may include webinars and may require your contact details and/or financial details.
Customer information: We work with a variety of nonprofit and commercial partners to support our mission through advertising and sponsorship of our events, our journals, our websites, and other activities and collect information from them in the course of our interaction.
Marketing activities: e-mail addresses and information about the interaction with our communications (such as IP addresses, opens, click-through data). We may also send surveys and collect various responses to these surveys which may include contact and professional information. Applied Radiology uses this information to improve customer service, gather customer feedback and gauge interest in new products or services. Applied Radiology also sends content provided by relevant commercial partners to interested members based on their opt-in preferences.
Videos and photos: We collect and use videos and photos of members and event attendees in publicly available educational and promotional materials. Some of them include testimonies of persons who authorized us to share their personal experiences.
Submissions to our journals: We collect name, contact details, affiliation of authors that submit papers or reports to our journals.
Information collected automatically: There is other information that we collect automatically when you visit our site through the use of cookies or similar technologies, such as your IP address, browser type, access times.
Why we process your personal data
We process personal data of subscribers for the purpose of verifying their credentials to see if they meet the criteria to receive free subscription(s) to our journal9s0 and/or for the purpose of processing any applicable subscription fee(s).
We process personal data of our members when they log into their online accounts for the purpose of managing their membership and providing membership related services.
We process personal data in the context of our educational content to properly award credit and provide evidence to third parties of awarded credit.
We process personal data of participants to our events for the purpose of organizing those events.
We process personal data in the context of marketing activities for the purposes of marketing our services and of communicating with our members and customers.
We process personal data of our members to better discern and serve their needs and improve our products and services.
We process personal data in the context of videos and photos that we maintain, for the purposes of informing our members and the public about our activities.
We process personal data collected through cookies placed by our website to support the operation of our website and to analyze the traffic patterns on our site so as to provide better service to visitors and members. See our Cookies Notice for more information.
We process personal data to maintain professional day-to-day business operations with our partners and vendors.
We process personal data (images and video) to promote and inform our members and the public about our activities and events.
We process personal data to comply with laws and enforcement requests, to enforce applicable agreements and policies for our services, to prevent fraud, and to comply with all applicable laws; including tax and other local regulations.
Our policy towards children
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We may incidentally process personal data of children, for instance where participants to our events travel with family or when images we capture for our gallery of videos are those of conditions suffered by children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal data without their consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child has registered for our services and has provided us with personal data without the consent of their parent or guardian, we will delete such information from our files.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We engage with our agents, representatives, contractors, service providers or other third parties for the following services:
Authorization of credit card transactions (US based),
Order fulfillment (US based),
Membership management (US based),
Marketing email and print partners (US based),
Education management partners (US based),
If the engagement involves the transmission of personal data, we require the service provider to treat that data consistent with this Policy. A contract to protect the personal data is executed before any data is disclosed, if that vendor will process personal data of individuals in the EU/EEA on our behalf.
Applied Radiology may also disclose information in special cases when it has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; (c) enforce the Website Terms and Conditions of Use; or (d) act to protect the interests of our users or others. Occasionally Applied Radiology may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose such information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena in cooperation with a law enforcement investigation. Applied Radiology reserves the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
Your European Privacy Rights
We only collect and use personal data when there is a fair and legal basis for its collection and use, for instance, when the collection of personal data is necessary to become a member of our website(s) or subscriber(s) to our journal(s) is required to meet our legitimate interests to send marketing material, to comply with legal obligations or when we have your authorization. See below the legal basis for each collection:
Marketing activities: Consent for email marketing; our legitimate interests for marketing conducted other than through email or phone call;
Business information: necessity to enter into a contract or for the performance of a contract
Videos and photos: Legitimate interest for informational and educational activities with consent to use specific images and video
Journal submissions: necessity to enter or for the performance of a contract
Information collected automatically: consent
Privacy rights under the European regulation:
Transparency and the right to information: we provide notice to our members, website users and other third parties who interact with us of how we use personal data in our day-to-day activities at the time of collecting personal data, or as soon thereafter as possible. We also publish this privacy notice for a greater transparency. Right to access, rectification, restriction of processing, erasure, and data portability: if you are based in the EEA we provide you with access to your own personal data. In addition, we will rectify your personal data when it is incorrect or inaccurate, and we will ensure the right to erasure, portability and to restriction of processing when these rights are not incompatible with other legal obligations.  Right to object and withdraw consent at any time: for all marketing materials, you can opt-out anytime, and free of charge. The right to object for other processing activities will be balanced to ensure that it is not incompatible with local regulations or our legitimate interests.  These requests should be submitted as follows:
Opt-out of marketing communications: you can opt-out anytime by following the opt-out instructions in our commercial e-mails or contacting us. You will still continue to receive emails relevant to course registrations or purchases (e.g. registration confirmations or purchase receipts) or necessary to your continued membership in Applied Radiology (e.g. renewal notices).
To exercise the rest of your rights: you should send a communication in writing to:
Anderson Publishing, Ltd. 180 Glenside Avenue Scotch Plains, NJ 07076 Telephone (908) 301-1995
In order to fulfil this request, we may require you provide us information to verify your identity and specify your request. We will attend to your request in a timely manner within 30 days after receiving your request. If for any reason we need to extend this period of time, we will contact you.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
International Transfers of Personal Data
The US has not sought, nor obtained adequacy status from the European Union. The EU-US Privacy Shield framework obtained an adequacy decision. The level of protection of your personal data is not deemed equivalent to the one in the EU, unless the receiving organization is self-certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield or implements other approved transfer mechanisms. As an independent publisher, we are not able to adhere to the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, nor implement other transfer mechanisms.
We transfer your personal data on the basis of the derogations in Article 49 GDPR, particularly:
Necessity to enter and for the performance of a contract for registration information to participate to our events; for processing personal data of our members to maintain their relationship with our organization, provide them services including when they log in to their member accounts; and also for processing personal data for online and offline courses.
Explicit consent, for newsletter subscribers and certain processing in relation to organizing events - such as storing photos, and marketing activities;
As for safeguards to your personal data, we directly apply the GDPR provisions to your personal data. As a matter of principle, we do not engage in any onward transfers regarding your data, beyond the access that our processors have to your data. We select carefully our processors and we require that provide equivalent safeguard mechanisms.
Data Security
Applied Radiology is committed to the security, confidentiality and integrity principle. We take commercially reasonable precautions to keep all information obtained from our members, event participants, and online visitors secure against unauthorized access and use. We periodically review our security measures.
We use identification and authentication processes to ensure that access to PII is limited to Applied Radiology employees who require it. Offsite access to sensitive information requires the use of a VPN. When compiling statistics, we anonymize member data and report on aggregate measures. We employ encryption technology to protect data at rest and in transit. You should be aware, however, that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet, and third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. This site contains links to other sites. While Applied Radiology strives to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, Applied Radiology is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites.
APPLIED RADIOLOGY MAKES NO CLAIMS, PROMISES OR GUARANTEES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR ADEQUACY OF THE CONTENTS OF ITS SITE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS AND OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED, EXPRESSED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, IS GIVEN WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE OR ITS HYPERLINKS TO OTHER INTERNET RESOURCES. REFERENCE IN THIS WEBSITE TO ANY SPECIFIC COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS, PROCESSES OR SERVICES, OR THE USE OF ANY TRADE, FIRM OR CORPORATION NAME IS FOR THE INFORMATION AND CONVENIENCE OF THE PUBLIC AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION BY APPLIED RADIOLOGY.
Retention Periods
Applied Radiology applies the storage limitation principle in order to retain personal data in our records only for the length of time required to fulfill the purpose for which the data was collected.
We only keep personal data in our records as long as they are necessary for the purposes they have been processed. The retention period depends on the context in which we process data, for instance:
3 years: complaints involving active members
7 years: CME activity data, contracts (after completion)
Permanent: membership application, journal article copyright transfer agreements. Only this information is stored permanently for archiving purposes according to our internal regulations.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will duly inform you of any changes.
Applied Radiology may occasionally update this privacy statement and other statements referenced by it, as new services and programs are introduced.
These changes will be notified to you via an email communication and/or by placing a prominent notice on the Site. The time stamp you see on the policy will indicate the last date it was revised.
Resources
Author Guidelines
Advertise
Contact
Societies
RSNA
SCCT
AIUM
SIR
Education
CME Credits
CE Credits
CRA Credits
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © Anderson Publishing 2020