http://www.stamfordhospital.org/terms-of-use
Skip to Content
Set Your Location
Your location is...
Change your location
Close
Set Your Location to See Relevant Information
Set Your Location
Use Your Current Location
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
COVID-19 Information
Search
Physician Referral
Menu
Main Navigation
Find a Doctor
Locations
Care & Treatment
Patients & Visitors
Healthcare Professionals
Patient Portal
View All Physicians
View Stamford Health Medical Group Physicians
View All Locations
Bennett Medical Center/Stamford Hospital
Stamford Health Medical Group
Outpatient
Immediate Care
Emergency Services
Radiology
Cardiac & Pulmonary Testing
Lab Draw
Wilton Surgery Center
Stamford Health Mobile App
Allergy & Immunology
Breast Center
Cancer & Clinical Trials
Diabetes & Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Gynecology
Heart & Vascular
Integrative Medicine
Maternity
Neurosciences
Orthopedics
Pediatrics
Physical Therapy
Primary Care
Radiology
Van Munching Rehabilitation
Sleep Medicine
Surgery
Surgical Weight Loss
Urology
Women's Specialty Center
Wound Care
View All Health Services
Stamford Health Medical Group
Get Help Fast
Emergency Services
Where to Get Care
Healthcare Resources
Health Library
Subscribe to Healthline Magazine
Getting Around
Parking & Hospital Map
Preparing for Your Visit or Stay
Dining and Lodging
Your Visit or Stay
Visiting Hours & Guidelines
Signature Suites & Celebration Meal
Walgreens Pharmacy
Bill Pay and Financial Assistance
Accepted Insurance Plans
Bill Pay & FAQs
Financial Assistance Program
Understanding Hospital Charges
Medical Records
Request Medical Records
Advance Directives
Patient Resources & Support
Care Management & Social Work
Send a Cheer Card
Share My Story
Language Assistance
Spiritual Care & Chapel Information
Planetree Philosophy of Care
Stamford Health Mobile App
Safety & Quality
Patient Safety
Awards & Recognitions
Joint Commission Quality Check
How We Compare
Patient Rights
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Bioethics Consultation
See All Patients & Visitors Information
Medical Staff
Benefits of Joining the Medical Staff
Joining Stamford Health Medical Group
Medical Departments
Medical Staff Office
Physician Newsletters
Management Services Organization
Physician Alliance of Stamford, LLC
Nursing
Nursing at Stamford Hospital
Journey to Excellence
Careers for RN Graduates (GEMS)
Research and Medical Education
Office of Research
Graduate Medical Education/Residency Programs
Advanced Practice Providers
Undergraduate Medical Education
Schedule Chat
Terms of Use
Last Revised Date: 5/14/2019
These Terms of Use ("Terms") tell You terms on which users ("User" or "You") are permitted to use the Stamford Health website https://www.stamfordhealth.org/ ("Site"). You should read these Terms carefully. By using the Site, You agree to comply with these Terms.
After You have read these Terms, please indicate that You agree with these Terms by clicking the "I Agree" button:
Even if You don't click the "I Agree" button, Your continued use of this Site indicates that You have agreed to comply with these Terms.
Information About the Site; Copyright
The Site is operated by Stamford Health ("Stamford Health"). The Site and information contained on the Site is protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights. You may not create modified versions of the content of the Site, or copy the Site, without our prior written permission. You may not use information from the Site for commercial purposes without permission.
Not Medical Advice
The Site is not intended to provide medical advice. Always seek the advice of Your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions You may have regarding a medical condition.
Information on this Site is intended to help You become informed about health care issues. Information on this Site is generalized and does not take into account individual differences. Use of this Site does not create a provider-patient relationship. You should not disregard any advice or treatment from Your health professional based on information on this Site.
No Warranty; No Liability
All information contained on, or accessible through, this Site is provided to You on an “as is” basis. Stamford Health does not warrant that it is accurate, complete, current, or reliable. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Stamford Health disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise. You should not rely on information on the Site, and You use the Site at Your own risk. We disclaim all liability related to Your use of the Site, or Your inability to use the Site. In the event this disclaimer of damages is not enforceable, damages shall be limited to $1.00 USD.
Privacy Policy
We collect, process and use information about You as described in our Privacy Policy, which is available here and is a part of these Terms of Use. This includes the use of cookies. By using the Site, You agree to the processing and the necessary cookies. When linking out to other websites, please take a moment to review the privacy statement of the site You are linking to as well.
Content
You may be permitted to upload certain information or content onto the Site. By uploading information onto the Site, You certify that You have the right to upload the information. Information uploaded onto the Site is not confidential, and You grant to us an unlimited, perpetual, royalty free, fully paid-up, worldwide license to use that information for any purpose, in any format or media. We have the right to disclose Your identity and location to any third party who claims that any material uploaded or posted by You infringes any intellectual property right, or breaches any confidentiality or privacy right. We are not responsible or liable for the content or accuracy of any content posted by You or any other user of the Site. We have the right to remove any content or information posted on the Site at any time.
Any content or information posted on the Site by a user must:
Not be illegal, inflammatory, defamatory, obscene, or hateful
Not promote violence
Not be sexually explicit
Not promote discrimination based on race, religion, gender, nationality, disability, age, or similar characteristics
Not infringe or breach the rights of any third party
Not threaten, abuse, harass, embarrass, alarm, or seek to annoy another person
Not seek to incite another to engage in any of the prohibited behaviors
Not seek to sell goods or services of a third party
Not misrepresent the source of the information
Be truthful, fair and appropriate given the nature and purpose of the Site to educate and support the attainment of health and healthy behaviors
Permitted Uses of the Site
The Site may be used only for lawful purposes. The Site may not be used:
To violate the law
To harm or defraud anyone
To send or transmit materials that could not be uploaded as content
To transmit unsolicited promotional or advertising materials or spam
To transmit any computer code, including (without limitation) any virus, worm, Trojan, time-bomb, logger, spyware, ransomware, or other harmful program or code that is intended, designed, or anticipated to cause harm or disruption to computers or networks
To participate in a denial of service or other activity that is intended or likely to disrupt the efficient operation of the Site or any other website or computer network.
Linking and Framing
You may place a link from the Site's home page on another website, in a fair and legal manner, so long as the link does not adversely affect the reputation of Stamford Health or the Site. The link may not suggest any endorsement or approval of the other website by Stamford Health. You may not link to another page on the Site. You may not frame the Site on any other website.
Links to Other Websites
There may be links to other websites on the Site. The presence of a link to another website does not indicate any endorsement or approval of goods or services offered by the company or through the linked website. Each website has its own terms of use and privacy policy, which You should review before using the website. We are not responsible for the operation, terms or privacy policy of linked websites.
Enforcement of Terms
We have the right to determine whether there has been a violation of these Terms. If we determine the Terms have been violated, we have the right to determine the action that will be taken. The action to be taken may include (but not be limited to):
Immediate termination of Your right to use the Site. The termination may be temporary or permanent.
Immediate removal of any content posted by You to the Site.
Issuance of a warning or other communication to You.
Legal proceedings against You, including seeking of damages (including indemnity) recovering all costs and losses suffered as a result of Your violation of the Terms.
Other forms of legal proceedings against You.
Referral to law enforcement agencies for further action.
We will not be liable for any damages which You may suffer as a result of the foregoing actions.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Stamford Health and its affiliates, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, and Content providers harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms of Use.
DMCA Take-Down Notice
Stamford Health will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If You believe any materials posted or displayed on or accessible on or through the Site infringe Your copyright, You may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from the Site by submitting written notification to the Stamford Health Intellectual Property Agent (designated below). In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (the “DMCA”), the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the copyrighted work You believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works, a representative list of such works;
Identification of the material You believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material;
Adequate information by which we can contact You (such as Your name, mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address);
A statement that You have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that You are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Stamford Health's designated Intellectual Property Agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
Marketing Department1351 Washington Boulevard, 6th FloorStamford, CT 06902203-276-5540Info@StamfordHealth.org
If You fail to comply with the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, Your DMCA Notice may not be effective.
If You knowingly materially represent that content on the Site is infringing Your copyright, You may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The law of the State of Connecticut will apply to all proceedings related to the Site and these Terms.
Changes to the Terms & Use
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Stamford Health) with respect to the use of the Site and content. We have the right to change, amend and modify the Terms at any time. We will post the revised Terms on the Site, with a changed "Revision Date". You are expected to check this page from time to time for changes to the Terms, as they are binding on You. If You have questions, we can be contacted at:
Stamford HealthATTN: Marketing Dept.1351 Washington Blvd., 6th FloorStamford, CT 06902 USA
scroll to top of page
© 2020 Stamford Health. All rights reserved.
Our website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to give you the very best experience. Your continued use of this site is considered permission by you to use cookies in this manner. Please review our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for more information about the data we collect and the types of cookies we use. Please note, if you link off our website to a 3rd party site of any kind, that website has its own terms and conditions.
Accept and Close