http://www.efccna.org/privacy-policy
Contact
Congress 2021
ContactCongress 2021
About
About EfCCNa
Mission Statements
History
Board of officers
Member associations
EfCCNa Fellows
Related Societies
News
EfCCNa News
EfCCNa Newsletters
Education
Exchange programme
EfCCNa Congress
Publications
E-learning Resources
Research
Research
Critical Care Doctoral European Nurses Group
Clinical Practice
Info Clinical Practice
Covid-19 resources
Events
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This statement applies to all services provided by the European federation of Critical Care Nurses associations (EfCCNa). EfCCNa, with its registration in the Netherlands, is responsible for the processing of personal data as mentioned in this privacy statement.This privacy policy explains how and why personal data are collected when using our website.
What data do we collect?
Data which EfCCNa may need from you or is necessary with regard to the objectives as listed below include:Basic contact information:
Initials and surname
E-mail address
Detailed contact information when participating in an EfCCNa programme:
Address
Title and position
Phone number
How do we collect your data?
Website users provide EfCCNa with most of the data collected when
registering online for newsletter subscription
voluntarily complete a research survey or provide feedback on our contact board or via e-mail
accept to act as a speaker or chairperson at the EfCCNa Conference or an (online) course
participate in an EfCCNa programme such as the Exchange Programme or the Research Awards
being a member of a professional group within the federation e.g.  the Critical Care Doctoral European  Nurses (CC-DEN)
use or view our website via your browser’s cookies (s. chapter 'coockies')
EfCCNa may also receive user data indirectly from the following sources:
The Conference Registration Office Parthen Meeting Services, when submitting  a registration or an abstract for the EfCCNa Conference or (online) courses
Diet preferences as submitted during the registration for the EfCCNa Conference or other educational events
Credit card processing companies, to process payments
How will we use your data?
When user enter into an agreement with EfCCNa, we will use data for the following objectives
to e-mail with respects to Congress announcements
to include data in the official EfCCNa Conference publications and conference documentation, such as programme book, abstract book, proceedings, name badge
to inform the Conference venues of dietary requirements (non-personalised information of diets; on-site delegates are requested to identify themselves to the catering staff)
What are your data protection rights?
EfCCNa would like to make sure users are fully aware of all data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – Users have the right to request from EfCCNa f copies of personal data stored.
The right to rectification – Users have the right to request from EfCCNa to correct any information that is inaccurate. Users have the right to request from EfCCNa to complete incomplete information.
The right to erasure – Users have the right to request from EfCCNa to erase personal data.
The right to restrict processing – Users have the right to request from EfCCNa to restrict processing personal data.
If a user makes a request, EfCCNa has six weeks to respond. If a user would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the EfCCNa Secretary through an e-mail to info@efccna.org
How long do we save data?
EfCCNa keep collected data no longer than strictly necessary and in order to put into practice the objectives for which the data was collected.
Sharing with others/provision of data to third parties
EfCCNa does not sell collected data to third parties. Data will only be provided when absolutely necessary to perform our agreement with you or if it complies with a legal obligation. We enter into agreements with processing agents to ensure a similar level of security and confidentiality of your data.
Storage and Security
EfCCNa places great store to the security and protection of user’s personal data. EfCCNa has installed fitting technical and organisational measures to secure personal data and protect it against loss, change, abuse or any (other) form of wrongful processing. Each person, who has access to personal data at EfCCNa and/or processes it, is obliged to non-disclosure of this data, in as far as applicable laws and legislation do not stipulate differently.
In case EfCCNa uses third parties, EfCCNa will set up agreements in relation to the necessary security measures within the scope of the protection of personal data.While EfCCNa uses its best efforts to maintain this level of security across all of our systems we cannot guarantee or warrant that our systems or our service providers are not vulnerable to viruses, hacking or other security threats. In such a case EfCCNa will inform about any data breach as soon as possible.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on a user’s computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When visiting our website, EfCCNa may collect information automatically through cookies or similar technology. For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
EfCCNa uses cookies in a range of ways to improve our website experience, including:
Keeping a user signed in
Understanding how visitors use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
The EfCCNa website uses cookies for:
Functionality – EfCCNa uses these cookies to recognize users of our website and remember previously selected preferences. These could include e.g.language or location of users. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Analytics – EfCCNa uses these cookies to collect information about visits to our website, the content viewed, the links followed and information about used browsers, devices, and IP addresses.
How to manage cookies
User can set their browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells how to remove cookies from used browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The EfCCNa website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to the EfCCNa website, so if   on a link to another website is activated; the user should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
EfCCNa keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 8 July 2020.
Questions
For questions or remarks about the processing of personal data and this Privacy Statement, please c contact the EfCCNa Secretary via e-mail to info@efccna.org.
Newsletter
Are you interested in the latest news of the European federation of Critical Care Nursing associations? Please register here for our newsletter!
Subscribe
'WORKING TOGETHER - ACHIEVING MORE'
The European Federation of Critical Care Nursing Associations (EfCCNa) is a formal network of critical care nursing associations in Europe.
About
About EfCCNa
Mission Statements
History
Board of officers
Member associations
EfCCNa Fellows
Education
Exchange programme
EfCCNa Congress
Contact
Publications
E-learning Resources
Nursing research
Research
Critical Care Doctoral European Nurses Group
Privacy policy