https://www.malariaconsortium.org/pages/who_we_are/privacy-notice.htm
Thank you for downloading this publication. Please let us know why you chose this publication:
Why are you interested in this publication?
to learn about best practices
to inform programme design
to research/find data and evidence on an issue
to find policy recommendations
other
What organisation do you represent?
donor agency
government
NGO
private sector
a UN agency
research institute/academia
student
Malaria Consortium
You will only need to complete this form once per browser/device
other
Subscribe to the Malaria Consortium newsletter (optional)
Email:Continue
Home
»About us»Privacy notice
Share this page
Privacy notice
Malaria Consortium is committed to ensuring your privacy is maintained by protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold.
Developing a better understanding of our supporters through their personal data allows us to provide them with information about our work that is specific to their interests and communicate more effectively and efficiently.
The purpose of this notice is to give you a clear explanation about how Malaria Consortium use the personal information you provide to us and that we collect.
We ensure that we use your information in accordance with all applicable laws concerning the protection of personal information and the fundraising code of practice. This notice explains:
What information the Malaria Consortium, or Malaria Consortium services, may collect about you
How we will use that information
Whether we disclose your details to anyone else
Your choices regarding the information you provide to us
This privacy notice takes into account several laws, including:
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK)
If you have any queries about this privacy notice, please contact us at:
Malaria Consortium UK,
The Green House, 244-254 Cambridge Heath Road
London, United Kingdom
E2 9DA
Alternatively, you can email on dpo@malariaconsortium.org, or call us on +44 (0)20 35596431.
Please note that Malaria Consortium may change this notice on occasion by updating this page.
About Malaria Consortium
Established in 2003, Malaria Consortium is one of the world’s leading non-profit organisations specialising in the prevention, control and treatment of malaria and other communicable diseases among vulnerable populations. Our registered charity number is 1099776.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Malaria Consortium with most of the data we collect. We collect information in the following ways;
When you give it to us DIRECTLY
You may give us your information in order to sign up for our newsletters, make a donation or download one of our publications.  Sometimes when you support us, your information is collected or processed by a third party organisation working for us, but we are responsible for your data at all times.
When you give it to us INDIRECTLY
Your information may be shared with us by external organisations. These include:
Fundraising organisations
Independent event organisers, for example, the London Marathon or fundraising sites Malaria Consortium has existing links with, such as Just Giving, Effective Altruism (Australia only), or FirstGiving (USA only) may pass your information on to us.  These independent third parties will only do so when you have indicated that you wish to support Malaria Consortium and with your consent.  Their respective privacy policies are available below, you should check these policies to ensure you are satisfied with their processes for data handling.
JustGiving   Effective Altruism Australia  FirstGiving
Online services
Google Analytics
When you visit malariaconsortium.org, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to establish visitor numbers to different parts of the website. The information collected by Google Analytics is anonymous and we do not allow the service to make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. For more information, please see Google Analytics’ Terms of Service here.
You can also opt out of Google Analytics to prevent your data being used with a browser add-on, available here.
WordPress
We use a third-party service, WordPress, to publish our blog. These pages are hosted on WordPress.com, owned by Automattic Inc.,. Anonymous information about users’ activity on the site, such as numbers of hits on a particular post, is collected in order to assess supporter interest in our content. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see Automattic’s privacy notice here.
E-newsletters
We use a third-party provider, Mailchimp, to deliver our periodic Malaria Consortium and Malaria Consortium Publications newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletters. This data is linked to individual email addresses and is not anonymous. However, no personal information is analysed. Every newsletter we send contains an opt-out link at the base of the email if you wish to stop receiving them. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy notice here.
Social media
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media services like Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.
How will we use your data?
Malaria Consortium collects your data so that we can:
send you newsletters via Mailchimp if you have opted in
process a donation and claim Gift Aid from the UK government if the donation qualifies
thank you for your donation
When you give permission to OTHER ORGANISATIONS to share or it is available publicly
We may combine information you provide with information available from external sources in order to gain a better understanding of our supporters, to improve our fundraising methods, products and services.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse your traffic to our website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operation to you by remembering information about your preferences.
As mentioned earlier in this notice, we use Google Analytics cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us to analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.  We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and it remains anonymous at all times.
Other examples of cookies used by our website include a language cookie, so our website remembers your language preference and a disclaimer cookie used so our website remembers that we’ve notified you about the use of these cookies.
Third party cookies
ShareThis, a third party cookie, enables the functionalities of sharing a page with social networks. For more information on this cookie, please see the Share This privacy policy here.
You may notice some other cookies that are not related to Malaria Consortium’s website whilst visiting www.malariaconsortium.org. Some of our pages contain embedded content such as YouTube videos, Twitter feed, Facebook likes or LinkedIn share options, and you may receive cookies delivered from these websites. Malaria Consortium does not govern the publication of third-party cookies. To understand more about their cookies and privacy statements, please visit the relevant sites.
Removing cookies
Most cookies are easy to remove and you can do so at any time. More information on how to remove cookies is available here.
Overall, cookies help us provide users with a better website experience. A cookie does not give any individual access to your computer in any way. You can choose to accept or decline cookies, but declining may prevent you from making full use of the website.
What are your data protection rights?
Malaria Consortium would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user of our website is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Malaria Consortium for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Malaria Consortium correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Malaria Consortium to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to withdraw consent - You have the right to withdraw your consent to Malaria Consortium storing and processing your personal data at any time. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us on the details below.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Malaria Consortium erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Malaria Consortium restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Malaria Consortium’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Malaria Consortium transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us on the details below:
By post:
Malaria Consortium UK,
The Green House, 244-254 Cambridge Heath Road
London, United Kingdom
E2 9DA
By email: dpo@malariaconsortium.org
By phone: +44 (0)20 3559 6431.
If you are unhappy with our response regarding your privacy or data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office. You can find more information here.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Malaria Consortium may revise this notice on occasion without advance notice. Accordingly, we recommend that you check for updates to this Privacy Notice on an ongoing basis. This notice was published on 16/02/2018 and subsequent changes have been detailed in the change log at the base of this page.
Change log
Changes to this privacy notice will be detailed in this section as and when they occur.
09/03/2018 - Privacy Notice updated to add links to external privacy policies for JustGiving, Effective Altruism Australia and FirstGiving.
13/03/2018 - Privacy Notice contact email address updated.
08/08/2018 - Privacy Notice updated to reflect a change in Malaria Consortium UK's contact address
08/08/2018 - Privacy Notice updated to reflect a change in Malaria Consortium's contact email address
29/05/2019 - Privacy Notice updated to reflect a change in Malaria Consortium's e-newsletter provider
18/09/2019 – Privacy Notice updated to include sections relevant to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and the Data Protection Act 2018
Section links
Who we areGovernanceAid transparencyDr Sylvia MeekAnnual reviewsPolicies and proceduresCareersTendersContact usMalaria Consortium U.S.
Modern Slavery Statement
Sign up for our newsletters here: