https://www.goal-setting-guide.com/terms-service/
Home
Please read these Terms of Service (“Agreement”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using http://www.goal-setting-guide.com/ (“the Site”) operated by Goal Setting Guide (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at http://www.goal-setting-guide.com/.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Goal Setting Guide and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Goal Setting Guide. Some of our links are affiliate links, in which we earn a small commission should you click and choose to purchase the promoted item.
Goal Setting Guide has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Texas, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
This Agreement was last modified on January 30, 2016.
Quote of the Daymore QuotesFind us on Facebook
Popular Categories
How To Fulfill Your 2019 New Year’s …
“When you change the way you look at things, the …
How To Set Yourself A Challenge and …
I’ve always been very thin, and not very strong. I …
Using Strategy to Accomplish Your Dreams
I bet you have some big dreams in life and …
Wishing for a Dream Boat? 5 Tips …
It has always been your dream to own a boat–it …
The 7 Failure-Proof Ways to Achieve Your …
“Count your blessings to find what you look for,” sings …