https://www.healthcareaustralia.com.au/privacy-policy/
Register
eHCA Login
NDIS
Jobseekers
Job Search
Nurses
Midwives
Aged Care
Rural & Remote
Doctors
Allied Health
Support Workers
International Applicants
Agency Nurse Testimonials
Training
Mandatory Competencies
Online Learning
Accredited Courses
Surge Staffing
View services
1300 749 333
Employers
Services
Allied Health Service
Corporate Health
Home Care
Blog
News
The Aged Care Executive Podcast
About Us
HCA Agencies
Careers
FAQs
Contact Us
Nurse in SydneyNurse in MelbourneNurse in BrisbaneNurse in AdelaideNurse in PerthNurse in DarwinAgency Nursing JobsPermanent Nursing JobsDoctors JobsSupport Worker Jobs
Share
Tweet
Email
Privacy Statement
Healthcare Australia understands the importance of protecting clients’ and staff members’ privacy. We are committed to complying with the Privacy Act 1988 and the National Privacy Principles.
The group prides itself on its ISO9001 accreditation and its best practices through the Quality Assurance process. Integration of the National Privacy Principles into ISO 9001 strengthens our quality assurance claim.
The group principal business is the provision of casual care staff and the delivery of related education and training through its Registered Training Organisation, Education and Training Services.
How and why we collect your personal information
We collect personal information from you when you use our products and services. We collect it so we can:
Give you information to which you are entitled as a client or staff member; and
Supply to you, and administer, the products and services you require.
Conform to various legislative and government reporting requirements
We also collect it so that we can provide you marketing information, with your consent (see below).
If your personal information is not provided
If you do not provide us with all of the information we request we may be unable to supply to you the product or service that you require.
Marketing information
Under no circumstances will information be sold to external agencies for marketing purposes. We may, with your consent, use your personal details to give you information that may be of interest to you, about the other products and services that are available from us, from our related entities, and from other businesses with which we or our related entities have relationships. Your consent will be implied unless you notify us that you do not consent to your information being used for this purpose. You can elect to alter your consent at any time.
When we may give personal information to other Organisations
Sometimes we may need to give some personal information about you to other organisations who provide services that assist us in supplying to you, or in administering, the products and services you require, or assist us in giving you the information that you are entitled to. Examples of such organisations are our related entities, related training organisations, printing and mailing houses, valuers, legal advisers and collection agents. These organisations may only use the information to the extent necessary to provide the services we require.
Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer:
This website is governed in accordance with the laws of Australia. The Australian courts shall have exclusive justification over any dispute arising out of use of this website.
The Healthcare Australia website is owned by Healthcare Australia Pty Ltd.
Healthcare Australia is registered in Australia, ABN: 95 108 180 589.