https://www.monroe-county-animal-hospital.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously and this privacy statement is here to help you understand what we may do with any information you give us about you. This privacy statement only relates to our website and does not extend to your use of the Internet outside of our website or to any websites that are linked to our website. This Privacy Policy is not applicable to any other websites that you may be able to access from our website, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. This policy is an agreement that is legally binding. You may view and use the Monroe County Animal Hospital website without disclosing any personal information. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as specified below. This Policy demonstrates our commitment to the protection of your privacy.
Monroe County Animal Hospital
116 Sands Road
Sweetwater TN 37874
423-337-7432
Our website address is: http://monroe-county-animal-hospital.com
Our commitment is to
* never sell or share your information with unauthorized outside parties.
* only share information about you when (a) required by law or (b) required by situations that demand immediate action that are to your clear benefit (i.e., “emergencies”).
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments to our News Blog posts on the website we collect the data shown in the comments form; the comments may be made public on our News Blog. Visitor reviews about Monroe County Animal Hospital via TripAdvisor, Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Yelp, and others, may also appear on our website, and we do not control the privacy policy of these third parties.
Contact forms
These details are only known to us if you complete a contact form. We collect information (eg. your email address) if you sign up for our Newsletter or News Blog.
Cookies
Anonymous statistics about visits to the website and to individual website pages are tracked for the purposes of better understanding our clientele and continually improving service. This tracking of statistics may involve the use of “cookie” technology and IP addresses. We use Google Analytics for our statistics.
Google Analytics
Analytics cookies help us understand how users engage with our website. An example is counting the number of different people coming to our website or using a particular feature, rather than the total number of times the site or feature is used. Without this cookie, if you visited the website once each week for three weeks we would count you as three separate users. We would find it difficult to analyze how well our website was performing and improve it without these cookies. Analytics may collect the type of web browser or operating system, IP address, viewed pages, time and duration of site visits, crash logs, and other information relating to site usage.
Your Web Browser (Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.)
Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please note, however, that certain features of the site might not function if you delete or disable cookies.
Social Sharing
We allow you to share content directly on the social networking/sharing sites like Facebook, Twitter or Google+, and we do not control the privacy policy of these third parties.
Embedded content from other websites
Content on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos from YouTube). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Legal disclosure
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the website and not to information collected offline. Monroe County Animal Hospital cooperates with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may therefore disclose personal information, usage data, message data, and any other information about you, if we deem that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process (such as a subpoena or court order), or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Monroe County Animal Hospital, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
Security
Monroe County Animal Hospital will use necessary measures to protect the security of data. However, it is impossible for Monroe County Animal Hospital to completely guarantee that your data will be immune from malicious attack or compromise; as such, you should understand that your transmission of personal data is always at your own risk.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the website, including use after the posting of any changes to these terms, will be deemed acceptance by you of the Privacy Policy.
Monroe County Animal Hospital will not be liable for any incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages or for loss of profit or opportunity, loss of use or other financial loss arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
Respectfully,
Monroe County Animal Hospital
Date of Last Revision: August 16, 2018
Share this:FacebookTwitterPinterest