http://www.stoppulling.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Login
About Our Program
Our Experts
TRICH Education
Member Resources
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Policy explaining our online information practices. To make this Policy easy to find, we make it available on all pages on all sites and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the PsycTech, Ltd. or StopPulling.com websites. If you enroll in any of the subscriptions provided by PsycTech, Ltd. you may be required to provide information in order to set up your account. The registration information collected at these pages includes:
Name
Email Address
Billing Address
Phone Number
Credit Card Information
We do not sell, rent, swap or otherwise disclose your registration information. Similar to other commercial web sites, our web site collects certain information about how our web site is used. Information gathered may include daily number of visitors to our sites, the daily number of subscribers logged on to our sites, the home countries of new subscribers. This information is collected on an aggregate basis and none of this information is associated with you as an individual.
Lost or Stolen Information
If your credit card or password is stolen or used without your permission, immediately notify us. Upon notification, we will cancel your credit card number and/or password and update our records. You may be unable to access certain services while we process the credit card and/or password change.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when subscribing to an online product or placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information for program evaluation and to better design our products. For example, the authors of StopPulling.com will be able to know on average, the quantity of hairs pulled on a daily basis or the most common location for pulling, but will not know the identity of any of these individual subscribers. It also will be important for the program developers to “hear” all comments subscribers have about the utility of the procedures described. This information will help the developers to broaden the base of knowledge about these disorders, optimize the utility of these programs, and to help advance future treatments.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
No Liability For Acts of Third Parties
Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the registration data, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. We will have no liability for disclosure of registration data due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Linked Websites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our web site, nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our web site.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at support@stoppulling.com.