http://www.cma.ca/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Share
on Twitter
on LinkedIn
on Facebook
via email
Date last revised: April 2016
General
Copyright and permissions
Trademarks
Disclaimer
Limitation of liability
No warranty
Purchase/license of goods/services
Course Cancellation Policy
Privacy
Online dialogue participation
Links
Advertising and sponsorship
Jurisdiction
Language
General
Please read all of the Terms and Conditions carefully before using this website.
When used in the Terms and Conditions, “CMA” includes the Canadian Medical Association, its subsidiaries, affiliates and respective officers, directors and employees. This website is operated by Joule Inc., a CMA subsidiary.
CMA reserves the right to modify or otherwise update the Terms and Conditions at any time without notice.
You should review these Terms and Conditions on a regular basis for any changes.
Your continued use of cma.ca constitutes your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions, as amended from time to time.
Copyright and permissions
Copyright
Copyright © 2000 CMA and Joule Inc. All rights reserved. This website, including all of its content, is the property of CMA, Joule Inc. or their licensors. Please consult individual material for relevant copyright information and notices.
Permissions
Generally, you may reproduce or otherwise use materials found on this site only in accordance with Canadian copyright law. You are permitted to make one copy for your personal use, provided credit is given to the original source. In all instances, except for CMA policy statements as set out below, you are required to seek permission from the copyright holder. It is your sole responsibility before you reproduce material to determine the copyright holder and to follow the appropriate process.
CMA policy statements
You may, for your non-commercial use, reproduce in whole or in part, and in any form or manner, unlimited copies of CMA policy statements only, provided credit is given to the original source. Royalty fees do not apply. For further information, contact the CMA Permissions Coordinator via email at permissions@cma.ca
MD Financial Management content
For permission to reproduce materials, in any form or manner, from or by MD Financial Management, contact the Member Centre at 888-855-2555.
All other CMA-owned content
Please submit your request to Access Copyright using the Online Permission Request Service http://www.accesscopyright.ca/permissions/ if you wish to:
digitally copy a work from print or digital form to be included in an electronic presentation such as PowerPoint
digitally reproduce a digital or scanned work onto a device such as a computer, or send a digitally scanned work by email
post a work from either print or digital form on a website accessible to the general public (i.e. Internet)
post a work from either print or digital form on a website where access is restricted, such as a password-protected company intranet
copy a work in either print or digital form by a photocopier or similar method for use as an overhead or slide and projected onto a screen
copy a work by a photocopier, fax machine or other similar use of already published material in a new work to be published
adapt or modify an article or figure in any way or create a version of an article or figure in a language other than the one made available by CMA.
Please submit one request for each intended use. Blanket permissions are not processed; do not send duplicate requests. Permission fees are determined by intended use, number of copies and other factors.
To find more information on licensing or to estimate a price quote please visit the Permission Services page: http://www.accesscopyright.ca/permissions/
Other copyright holders
For other content, contact the copyright holder.
Trademarks
The name of the CMA in both English and in French (“Canadian Medical Association/Association médicale canadienne”), the CMA logo and the name and logos of its subsidiaries including Joule Inc. and a number of official marks such as “Doctor,” “Dr.,” “MD,” and “Physician” are owned by CMA and protected under Canadian trademark laws. The use of these marks requires express written permission from CMA, and any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited. Access to cma.ca does not constitute a licence or a right to use CMA's trademarks, those of its subsidiaries or those owned by any other party. To request permission to use a CMA trademark, contact CMA Legal Services, 800-267-9703. Trademarks of the CMA on this website are used under license.
Disclaimer
All content found on cma.ca is provided for information and education purposes. The website provides information on a wide range of health and medical topics. The information is not intended to substitute for the advice of a physician, nor is it intended to provide legal, accounting, financial or tax advice. You should always consult your doctor for specific information on personal health matters, or other relevant professionals to ensure that your own circumstances are considered.
Limitation of liability
The CMA is not responsible in any manner for direct, indirect, special or consequential damages caused and/or arising from your use of cma.ca or from the purchase, licensing, use or performance of any products or services made available on this website. This disclaimer applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, delay in operation or transmission, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, information on this website.
No warranty
While the CMA makes every effort to keep the content on cma.ca current, no representations, warranties or conditions are given (express or implied) that the site will be error-free or completely accurate at all times. The information, goods and services available on this website are provided “as is.” The CMA expressly disclaims any warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and that your use will be uninterrupted, secure or error-free. At any time and without notice, CMA may correct errors or inaccuracies and change or update the content of the website, as well as the goods and services made available on cma.ca. The CMA is not responsible in any manner for direct, indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of the use of this website, or of any software that may be available for download or the purchase or license of any goods or services on cma.ca.
Purchase/license of goods/services
The purchase or license of goods and services from cma.ca are subject to all of the Terms and Conditions, and in addition to the following provisions:
Prices, payment, shipping, returns
The credit card or other payment information you give to purchase or license products and services provided on cma.ca must be accurate and complete. This information will be used to charge you for any purchased or licensed products or services on this website. The CMA or its suppliers reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to make any necessary updates, modifications and adjustments at any time without prior notice to product descriptions, warranties and prices due to errors, product discontinuation, changing costs, new market conditions or any other business factor. Prices for backordered items cannot be guaranteed. All prices are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable provincial and federal sales tax, handling charges and shipping charges. Details are provided at time of ordering. You will be informed of total charges and asked to confirm the transaction before it is charged to your credit card. You are responsible for all fees and taxes incurred by you. All orders for shipment outside of Canada may be subject to additional taxes, shipping charges, customs and duties, all paid and provided for solely by you. Returns policies and after-sales support vary depending on the merchant.
Goods/services of other merchants
There may be links to the websites of other merchants offering goods or services for purchase or license. Each merchant is responsible for setting and explaining the applicable shipping, return, security, warranty and other purchase or licensing policies. The CMA does not guarantee, warrant or endorse any product or service sold by these merchants, nor does CMA hold any liability or responsibility for the quality or performance of any product or service sold to you by any merchant. The purchase or license of any product or service from these merchants is a transaction solely between you and that merchant. The CMA holds no responsibility or liability for any merchant or your relationship with such merchant. Any question or dispute you may have regarding any such product or service should be addressed directly to the responsible merchant.
Course Cancellation Policy
Cancellation Policy: PLI Courses
Registration fees, less an administrative charge of $250 for each face-to-face course and $75 for each online course, will be refunded for cancellations received in writing at least 10 business days before the course start date. No refunds will be made for cancellations received less than 10 business days before the course start date.
You may not cancel a face-to-face course by transferring into another course. However, you may arrange for someone to take your place in the course you originally booked.
Transfers will be accepted for online courses within the same calendar year as long as spots are available.
Cancellation Policy: Medical Assistance in Dying Courses
Registration fees, less an administrative charge of $75 for the advanced course on medical assistance in dying, will be refunded for cancellations received in writing at least 10 business days before the course start date. No refunds will be made for cancellations received less than 10 business days before the course start date. Transfers will be accepted within the same calendar year as long as spots are available.
No cancellations will be accepted for the online module on medical assistance in dying.
Privacy
Please read our privacy statement carefully so that you will understand how your personal information will be treated as you make use of cma.ca. By using cma.ca you agree to the terms of the online privacy statement.
Online dialogue participation
When you share your comments with us:
Keep your comments relevant to the topic under discussion.
Use English or French. Comments in both languages will be intermingled but will not be translated.
Provide your opinion. Your content must be your own. Breaking copyright laws, or other proprietary laws, is not acceptable.
Be respectful of others comments.
The following kinds of comments are prohibited:
Discriminatory eg., racist, sexist
Hate speech
Defamatory
Offensive or abusive eg., violent, obscene, profane, harassing
Illegal eg., pornographic, threatening, suggesting committing a criminal act
Violate privacy and confidentiality eg., do not include your own or another’s personal information
Marketing eg., advertising or promotional
Spam eg., repetitive or spamming threads
Misleading or misrepresentative information
Do not include your phone number, email address or other personal information.
We may edit your comments and/or remove them in whole or in part. We may employ filtering technologies to scan messages. Anyone acting contrary to these terms of use may have their account temporarily or permanently suspended without notice. Ultimately however, you alone are responsible for the content of your messages and what you post.
Please keep in mind the views of other participants do not represent CMA’s views. No medical advice is provided through online dialogue participation. You may not represent yourself as providing medical advice through online dialogue participation.
You agree to indemnify CMA and its respective directors, officers, employees and other users against any liability, claim, loss or damage provided such are caused by your acts or omissions.
You agree that any material you upload grants the CMA the non-exclusive irrevocable right to use your content royalty-free in perpetuity. You waive all moral rights in your submission and allow CMA to display, copy, translate, publish, distribute, transmit, print and use such information. For example, CMA may use any and/or all ideas and comments, in anonymous aggregate form, for purposes that advance the profession, stimulate CMA growth and relevance, policy development, promotion. We will not, however, sell or lend your information without your consent. You give CMA permission to publish your full name and city in connection with your submission (unless you have opted to provide feedback through an anonymous or confidential feedback form or survey).
For information about this member dialogue please contact us at yourvoice@cma.ca.
Links
Links to other sites
This website may contain links to other websites. Any such other websites are independent from cma.ca. The CMA has no control over the contents or operation of other websites, and as such makes no representation or warranty. When leaving cma.ca you may be subject to legal terms and conditions and privacy policies of that other website. The provision of a link to other websites is for convenience; it does not constitute endorsement by CMA.
Links to cma.ca
The CMA encourages links to cma.ca. However, CMA reserves the right to prohibit or refuse to accept any link to another website, and an external website provider must agree to remove any link to cma.ca upon the request of the CMA. You may link to the main page or individual pages on the cma.ca website, provided you respect the following:
Do not create links that may lead others to think that CMA content is your own, or that the CMA is endorsing your site when that is not the case. For example, do not frame any part of cma.ca within your site. All links must bring up cma.ca in a separate, full window.
If you want to copy cma.ca content, please read the copyright and permissions section of these Terms and Conditions. Be sure to read all disclaimer notices associated with the cma.ca content before sending your viewers to cma.ca.
You cannot use the CMA name, logo or other CMA trademarks without prior written agreement from CMA. Please read the trademarks section of these Terms and Conditions.
If you are in doubt about the inclusion of a link from your site to cma.ca, please contact Access Copyright via email at permissions@cma.ca
Advertising and Sponsorship
Advertising found on cma.ca must comply with CMA’s advertising and sponsorship policies. The CMA holds no responsibility or liability for any liability, loss, damage, claim or causes of action arising from the content of advertising found on cma.ca, or for any claims and representations made.
Jurisdiction
The laws of the Province of Ontario and of Canada apply without regard to conflict of law principles. The application the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the purchase of goods and services and is expressly excluded.
Language
It is agreed that the English version of these Terms and Conditions constitutes the official version, should there be any discrepancy between English and French versions.
Back to top