https://www.quitsmokingsupport.com/privacy.htm
We Have Been
Providing Outstanding AdviceInformation and Encouragement Supporting
People
to Quit Smoking For the Past 30 Years!
Our Privacy
Statement
Your name, email
address, or any other information you provide to us will
never be given out to anyone...that's our promise to you!
We have created this
privacy statement in order to demonstrate our website's
commitment to protecting all of our visitors privacy whenever
they visit our site.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for our web site:
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or
news groups available to its users. Please remember that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public
information and you should exercise caution when deciding to
disclose your personal information.
We are pleased to offer you the reassurance that your visit
will never be recorded or sold to anyone who might later
approach you through regular mail or email solicitations. This
Web site receives personal information that is voluntarily
given out and collects information in such areas as the "Daily
Email Support Program" - (Trial and Purchased Program),
"Ex-Smokers List", "Remembering Those Who We Lost From
Smoking", "Why & How You Quit", and "The Straw That Broke the
Camels Back" which personally identifies you. We do not share
any of this personal information with any third parties nor do
we use any personal information that is provided by users for
any purposes. All information included in these interactive
areas is only added once approval is given from the
visitor/authors.
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our web site.
(Please see Google Advertising Cookie Privacy Policy Below).
While visiting QuitSmokingSupport , your exploration of our
material is private unless you voluntarily choose to make your
identity known to other readers in our various bulletin boards
or interactive participation areas. You choose whether or not
to include your email address or to use an alias name. You
never have to include your email address, real name, or
personal information anywhere on this site unless you choose
to do so!
When you click on any of the external links on this site you
will no longer be on QuitSmokingSupport's web site and may
therefore be visiting a web site which will/may track your
stop at every page, and sell this information to companies who
will try and sell you products or services related to the
topics found on the pages you visited. This site contains
links to other sites. QuitSmokingSupport.com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such
Web sites.
Our Visitor Bill of Rights
Whether our visitors are members of the public or healthcare
professionals, we believe that we have certain duties and
obligations when it comes to being chosen as their online
quitting smoking health information provider. The following
principles are the standards that we have set for ourselves to
better meet their expectations of service and quality from our
web site. This is our commitment to you:
QuitSmokingSupport.com will support a superior visitor
experience.
QuitSmokingSupport.com provides serious, in-depth, trusted
information and interactive tools to assist you in quitting
smoking or to help you to help someone you know and care about
to quit smoking.
All content adheres to sound editorial principles and utilizes
the provision of evidence-based content from peer-reviewed
sources.
All users can expect active and well monitored online
communities – bulletin boards, chat, live events - where they
will be treated with compassion and respect.
QuitSmokingSupport.com will provide full and complete
disclosure of sponsor and advertising relationships.
All sponsorship programs are designed to add value to the
visitor experience.
All visitors can expect the utmost privacy as outlined in our
published privacy policy.
QuitSmokingSupport.com provides consistent navigation that
takes the visitor as quickly and intuitively as possible to
the information or services sought.
Our Newsletters
If you decide to submit your email address to us in order to
be added to our mailing list, you may be assured that you will
not receive separate emails from other marketers as a result
of joining our newsletter. You will receive no offers from our
sites other than those made through the newsletter itself,
which, of course, you have elected to receive. You may
unsubscribe at any time through the text and link provided in
the newsletter. There is no means on the site to allow you to
unsubscribe.
Our Surveys
You may elect to respond to our brief on-site Visitor Surveys.
Some of the information requested is of a personal nature but
there is certainly no obligation to answer every question.
Our Bulletin Boards and Support Group Policies
Our Support Groups have a bulletin board format that allows
our visitors the opportunity to interact with our on-line
community for quit smoking support. These areas are strictly
moderated to keep inappropriate messages from being posted.
You are offered the opportunity to include your email address
with your message but you are not obligated to do so. If you
do include your email address then it is visible to the
general public on the bulletin board and we cannot control the
actions of any 3rd parties. We will not sell email addresses
from our bulletin boards.
Cookies
A cookie is a very tiny piece of text we're asking permission
to place on your computer's hard drive. If you accept a
cookie, then your browser adds the text in a small file. The
purpose of the file is to let us know when you visit
QuitSmokingSupport.com. This text, by itself, merely tells us
that a previous visitor has returned; it doesn't tell us
anything else (who you are, your email address, or anything
personal). They are similar to the stamp placed on the back of
a child's hand when visiting a fair or carnival; they merely
indicate that you have visited before.
Cookies help us evaluate your use of our site, such as what
kind of information you want to see and what kind you will
never read. Cookie technology allows Web sites to ask for your
registration and preference questions only once. The next time
you return to the Web site you will not necessarily need to
"sign in" again. Remember that cookies are "non-executable"
pieces of code; that is, they are incapable of doing anything
to your hard drive.
Cookies are easy to delete from your hard drive; talk to your
systems administrator or your Internet provider for detailed
instructions.
We hope you are reassured that QuitSmokingSupport will not
knowingly violate your privacy in any way. Please feel free to
use our pages as you deem appropriate to help yourself. If you
have any questions or concerns concerning our privacy policies
please feel to email us!
Google Advertising Cookie and Privacy Policies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
visit our website. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email address, or telephone
number) about your visits to this and other websites in order
to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest
to you.
What is the DoubleClick DART cookie?
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads
served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content
ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher's website and
either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that
end user's browser. The data gathered from these cookies will
be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the
ads on their site(s) and across the web.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on
this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to
your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites
on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by
Follow Us on Facebook,
Twitter
and Contact Us by Email
This
site complies with the
HONcode Standard For
Trustworthy Health information:
Verify
Here
Go Back to Our Homepage
About Us    Contact Us    Our Mission
Excellent Quitting
Smoking Products
Our
Awards & Accolades
Our Privacy Policy
Our Terms of Use    Our Disclaimer
Feedback    Web Site Map    Refer Us
Risks
of Smoking    Advertise With Us
External Quit Smoking Resources
Lung
Photographs
Benefits of Quitting
Smoking
Common
Withdrawal Symptoms
Ingredients Found in Cigarettes
Our website is not designed to, and does not provide medical advice. All content, including
text, graphics, images and information available on or through QuitSmokingSupport.com is
for general informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute
for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Never disregard professional
medical advice, or delay in seeking it, because of something you have read on this
website. Never rely on information on QuitSmokingSupport.com in place of seeking
professional medical advice.
©1989-2020 QuitSmokingSupport.com™
All Rights
Reserved.
Updated May 2020