https://www.familyresourcehomecare.com/privacy/
Family Resource Home Care Privacy Policy
800.775.6380
Caregiver Login
About
Mission & Values
Awards, Reviews & Testimonials
Awards
Reviews
Testimonials
Blog
Leadership Team
Press Room
Home Care Services
Services Overview
Personal Care
Meal Preparation
Errands & Transportation
Companion Care
Light Housekeeping
Dementia & Alzheimer’s Care
Transitional Care
Respite Care
Live-In Care
How We Help
Coronavirus Response
Referring Professionals
Frequently Asked Questions
Locations
Bellevue
Boise
Cascade
Palouse
Seattle
Spokane/North Idaho
Tacoma
Tri-Cities
Careers
Caregiver Jobs
Working at Family Resource
Contact
Feedback
Privacy
800.775.6380
Privacy Practices Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.familyresourcehomecare.com This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
FRHC is the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We do not or will not sell or rent this information to anyone for any purpose.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. For example, if you share your email address through our e-newsletter subscription on this site, you will begin to receive e-newsletters periodically unless you unsubscribe at any time.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, unless mandated by law.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about news, products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
Due to our mission and desire to be a resource for you, this website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at info@familyrhc.com
About
How We Help
Locations
Careers
Press Room
Contact
800.775.6380
Caregiver Login
Privacy   |  Sitemap  |
© 2020 Family Resource Home Care. All rights reserved.
Rotate Your Device