http://www.diabetesaction.org/privacy-policy
Home
About
who we are
what we do
advisory board
financials
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Research
Current Research
Past Research
Learn
Learn About Diabetes
FAQ
Infographics
Get Answers
Basics and Beyond
Articles
Videos
Diabetes University
search
Donate
About Diabetes Action
who we are
what we do
advisory board
financials
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Privacy Policy 1. Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online and offline information practices. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Diabetes Action Research and Education website or any offline donor information we receive. We use the personal information you provide to us voluntarily to send information to you that you have requested and to acknowledge contributions that you have made. The specific use of your personal information varies, depending on how you contact us and what you request.2. The Information We CollectOn our website, you can use our online donation pages to make a donation. The information collected on this page includes: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, and Credit Card information. If you make a donation in memory or in honor of someone, you may elect to submit the recipient's name and address.3. The Way We Use InformationYour name, email address, and mailing address may be added to our US Mail list and/or Email list. From time to time we may send you additional information about our activities that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving mail or email at any time (see item 4 below).Diabetes Action will NEVER sell, rent, trade, or share the name, email address, or any other personal information of any online visitor or online or offline donor to any third party nor will it send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.If you are making an online donation, the information you provide about yourself (name, address, phone number, email, credit card) and others is used only to process the donation and send a thank you letter and notify the people you listed that a donation was made in their honor or memory.4. How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access to review all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing us at info@diabetesaction.org. You can also access and update your information and preferences on our website.You can opt out of being added to our mailing list or email list at any time by contacting us:Email: info@diabetesaction.orgWrite:Diabetes ActionPO Box 34635Bethesda, MD 20827 Call:202-333-4520Fax:202-558-5240To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.5. Security/Data Integrity Protection MeasuresUse of "Cookies"Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords and your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.Browser/Device InformationCertain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as they type of computer, operating system, and browser type. This information is used to check that our website is working effectively.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us. All sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) provided through the Diabetes Action Website is transmitted using standard encryption technology. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after we receive it. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Diabetes Action. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.updated 6/13/19