http://www.sc.edu/study/colleges_schools/nursing/internal/current_students/msn_certificate_handbook/important_policies_notices.php
Skip to Content
College of NursingAcademic ProgramsApply Now Scholarships and EndowmentsScholarshipsFederal Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP)Why UofSC NursingWhy BSN at UofSCWhy UofSC Graduate SchoolBachelor of Science in NursingTraditional BSN Program Smart Start Nursing ProgramStudy AbroadBSN CurriculumAcademic Standards for the Traditional BSNProgression to Upper DivisionChange Your Major to NursingTransferring to the Traditional BSN ProgramRN-BSN Program InformationCurriculum RequirementsAdmission RequirementsCostMaster's ProgramsEntry to Practice NursingAdult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse PractitionerFamily Nurse PractitionerPsychiatric Mental Health Nurse PractitionerNursing AdministrationNursing InformaticsFrequently Asked QuestionsCertificate ProgramsFrequently Asked QuestionsDoctoral ProgramsDoctor of Nursing Practice (DNP)CurriculumFrequently Asked Questions - DNPDoctor of Philosophy in Nursing Science (Ph.D.)Sample CurriculumFinancial AidFrequently Asked QuestionsCompare ProgramsStudy AbroadAccreditation InformationPrecepting StudentsNews and Events2020 News ArchiveResearchResearch StrengthsCancer SurvivorshipChronic Conditions and Care TransitionsBig Data and BioinformaticsHealth EquityHealth BiomarkersMental and Behavioral HealthFamily and Child HealthInter-Professional Education and TrainingCommunity EngagementGeospatial Analysis and MappingQualitative/Mixed MethodsmHealth & TelehealthFaculty Research Focus AreasCurrent FundingResearch Grant SitesValidating Triage for Chemical Mass Casualty IncidentsResearch TeamGrant Time LineExternal Advisory CommitteeMoving Forward Together 3Research TeamTestimonialsPublicationsDuke TeleconMore InformationUndergraduate Research Contact FormPracticePractice Expertise AppliedCenters and LabsCenter for Nursing LeadershipAmy V. Cockcroft Leadership FellowshipAbout the Cockcroft FellowshipMeet the FacultyApply to the Cockcroft FellowshipScholarship InformationCurrent Cockcroft FellowsCockcroft HistoryCockcroft AlumniInterview with Mrs. Amy V. CockcroftFellowship Curriculum and DatesCenter for Nursing Leadership EventsPrevious EventsHealthcare Workforce ResearchAboutWorkforce Data ReportsSouth Carolina Action Coalition Cancer Survivorship CenterProjects and ExpertiseCenter NewsResearch ForumsOur ImpactSimulation LabAbout the LabContact UsLab Orientation InformationSimulation RoomsMedical Surgical RoomsNoelle Maternity SuiteSimMom Maternity SuiteDebriefing RoomsControl RoomsStandardized Patient ProgramClinical Exam RoomsSkills LabConsulting ServicesResearchACORN CenterFaculty and StaffFeatured ProjectsImpact and NewsStudent Scholars and ApplyOur Faculty and StaffAlumniStay in TouchAlumni AwardsAlumni CouncilAbout the CollegeContact UsMissionMessage from the DeanLeadership TeamCommitment to DiversityHistoryDean's CircleSuggestion BoxWork HereCurrent OpeningsMy CONFor Current StudentsStudent Frequently Asked QuestionsTechnologyComputer StandardsExamsoft (Examplify)SupportBSN HandbookMission, Vision and ValuesImportant Policies and NoticesAcademic PoliciesAdmissions InformationClinical Education PoliciesStudent ResourcesFinancial AidMEPN HandbookMission, Vision and ValuesImportant Policies and NoticesAcademic PoliciesAdmission InformationClinical Education PoliciesStudent ResourcesFinancial AidMSN/CGS HandbookMission, Vision and ValuesImportant Policies and NoticesAcademic PoliciesAdmissions InformationClinical Education PoliciesStudent ResourcesFinancial AidDNP HandbookMission, Vision and ValuesImportant Policies and NoticesAcademic PoliciesAdmission InformationClinical Education PoliciesStudent ResourcesFinancial AidPhD HandbookMission, Vision, and ValuesImportant Policies and NoticesAcademic PoliciesAdmission InformationStudent ResourcesFinancial AidCON Forms LibraryFor Faculty and StaffInformation Technology CenterIT OnboardingDesktop Support (Faculty & Staff)Video ConferencingAudio/Visual SupportData SecurityTechnology TipsExamsoftCoronavirus Policies and Procedures
Tools & Resources
Calendar
Map
Directory
Give
Student Gateway
Faculty & Staff Gateway
Parents & Families Gateway
Alumni Gateway
College of Nursing
SC.edu
Study
Colleges and Schools
College of Nursing
College of Nursing Information
For Current Students
MSN and Certificate Handbook
Important Policies and Notices
Important Policies and Notices
Academic Integrity
Communication
Civility and Professional Conduct
Technology
Confidentiality of Student Records
CON Graduate Pass/Fail Spring 2020 Policy (CON Graduate S+/S/U for Spring 2020 Full
Term and B Term Courses Only)
Copyright Policy
Core Performance Standards
Ethics for Nursing
State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA) and State Board of Nursing Regulation
Information
Student Grievance Policy
Student Petition Policy
Student Social Media Policy
Student Substance Abuse Policy
Academic Integrity
Expand allCarolinian Creed
We oppose intolerance by promoting integrity within our campus community. Our common
values are formed upon the foundation of our creed, which emphasizes openness and
civility.  Carolinian Creed
Code of Conduct
Our Code of Conduct outlines students' responsibilities to themselves and the Carolina community.
Honor Code
Our Honor Code describes the university's expectations for students' academic integrity. Students
found guilty of academic dishonesty may receive a zero for their course grade and/or
be removed from further study in the CON
Communication
The official mode of communication between the College of Nursing and graduate students
is through the university email.  Students are required to monitor their university
email messages.
Civility and Professional Conduct
As students’ progress through the curriculum, they are preparing for transition into
professional life. Some behaviors expected in the classroom/clinical setting parallel
many behaviors expected in the workplace.
Classroom Expectations
Notifies professor when unable to submit assignment on time prior to the deadline.
Completes reading all assignments.
Engages in class discussion.
Maintains appropriate demeanor during online class activity.
Refrains from the use of online discussion forum for posting of non-academic material
(i.e. advertisements for jobs, products or services).
Technology
Information regarding the Computer Standards, Computer Purchasing through UofSC, and
Software used in the Nursing Curriculum can be found here.
Confidentialty of Student Records
The Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), passed by Congress in 1974, requires
educational institutions to provide students access to their educational records,
to allow students to correct inaccurate or misleading information in these records,
and to limit the release of information to third parties. Additional information is
available at University Registrar's website.
CON Graduate Pass/Fail Spring 2020 Policy (CON Graduate S+/S/U for Spring 2020 Full
Term and B Term Courses Only)
Approved by the UofSC Faculty Senate on April 1, 2020
To address complications presented by the COVID19 pandemic, the Faculty Senate Steering
Committee approved the following grading accommodations for undergraduate students
enrolled in Spring 2020.
All courses will be graded as originally planned according to grading criteria in
course syllabi. After grades are submitted at the end of the semester, undergraduates
can choose, on a course-by-course basis, to request a pass/fail grade for the Spring
2020 semester with the exception of Graduate or professional school courses, which
can be taken as pass/fail only when deemed  appropriate by the program or school Dean.
The following pass/fail scale will be used: Earned grades of A, B+, B, C+, and C will
be replaced with SC, earned grades of D+ and D will be replaced with S, and an earned
grade of F will be replaced with U.
If students select the S+/S/U grading scale for a course, points will not be factored
into the GPA. Courses with S+ and S will count towards earned semester hours.
Courses graded with the S+/S/U scale, under this exception for Spring 2020, will count
towards applicable curricular, major, continuation, and graduation requirements. For
example, if a course requires a C or better in a prerequisite, students selecting
this alternative grading scale would need an S+ in the prerequisite course.
Faculty members will not be aware of students who select the pass/fail grading option
when entering final grades. Grades will be entered in the format for which the course
was approved.
Students who previously decided to take a course on a pass/fail basis will continue
on a pass/fail basis using the University’s established S/U system (e.g., S is earned
if the grade is D or above and U is earned for grades below D).
For the Spring 2020 semester, undergraduate students who choose to replace a course
letter grade with the S+/S/U option must do so no later than July 1, 2020.
This process will occur through the Office of the University Registrar. A form will
be available on the University Registrar website for the student to request that a
letter grade be replaced with the S+/S/U scale.UofSC will include a transcript note on all academic records, regardless of grading
basis, indicating the extraordinary circumstances of the global public health emergency
during Spring 2020.
Because some graduate and professional programs require letter grades to be reflected
on transcripts, when necessary, students will be able to request an official letter
attesting to the letter grade earned in any classes that were converted to S+/S/U.
This letter would attest only to grades, not to GPA. We will ensure that those who
need evidence of your academic achievements this spring will be able to get it. A
form will be available on the University’s website for students to request these letters.
Students will be allowed to retake undergraduate courses in which they earned an S+,
S, or U during Spring 2020. Any undergraduate courses retaken under this provision
will not count towards the number of courses currently allowed by the current course
grade forgiveness policy. In addition, students who were retaking a class for grade
forgiveness in Spring 2020 can retake the class another semester, without penalty.
The graduate council has approved to expand the P/F policy approved by the faculty
senate on  4/1/2020 for all graduate courses. The UofSC graduate school has administrative
oversight of all CON graduate program; therefore, this policy will be an available
option for all graduate nursing students. All aspects of the UG policy are intact
with the major difference in the Graduate policy is courses on a graduate program of study must be completed with a grade of C or better,
therefore, only the S+ grade will be satisfactory for graduate students and this policy
does not waive any progression requirements for a grade of B or better.
CON Graduate Course Progression Policy
A minimum grade of 80% (B) is required in all graduate NURS courses.
If a grade lower than B is earned, this course must be repeated.
Any student receiving two (2) grades of 79.99% (C+) or lower in the same NURS course
or in any two NURS courses will be dismissed from the College of Nursing. (Suspended for the current full-term Spring and Spring B terms)
CON Graduate Course Attempt Policy  (suspended for the full-term Spring and Spring
B terms)
A student may attempt each NURS course twice in the graduate program.
A grade of W (withdrawal) in any graduate course will constitute an attempt.
Any NURS course attempted will not count toward the two-course attempt policy.
Copyright Policy
The Nursing Programs seek to aid enrolled students by offering electronic presentations
and recordings of lectures to improve student engagement and to better meet individual
learning needs. With the growing use of technology, students and faculty have the
responsibility to understand and observe copyright law including educational fair
use guidelines, obtaining written permission, and to follow the corresponding campus
University policy.
As supplemental tools, all material found in lectures is owned by the University of
South Carolina, College of Nursing or its faculty and is protected by United States
Copyright laws.
Lecture material is only available to students enrolled in the course where the content
is available, and use is not permitted outside the scope of the course. Recorded lectures
will only be posted to Blackboard. Material found in the lectures may not be photocopied,
screenshot, duplicated or distributed by any student without the express, written
permission from the faculty member who created the material. Video, audio, or photographic
recordings of course material are strictly prohibited. Recordings, course material,
quizzes, tests and lecture notes may not be reproduced verbatim nor uploaded to publicly
accessible web environments. Recordings and course material may not be exchanged nor
distributed to a third party for compensation. Recordings and course material may
not be used for any purpose other than personal study and may not violate any policies
herein. An individual may individually print copies of lecture material solely for
personal use under the scope of the course.
Duplication or dissemination of lecture materials without authorized use may violate
federal or state law and UofSC University policies.
Failure to adhere to these policies is a violation of the College of Nursing Professionalism
Policy and may result in disciplinary action under University guidelines.
Core Performance Standards
The UofSC College of Nursing sets forth its essential eligibility requirements for
its nursing program by citing the core performance standards.  The standards describe
requirements in six dimensions of ability/performance (see below).  An example would
be if a student's condition requires that they use a crutch, walker, can or arm cast,
they will not be allowed to participate in clinical activity until the student submits
a statement from their provider of care stating they may resume all activities without
any assistive devices. Student is able to maintain necessary and required personal
protective equipment (PPE) for circumstances or timeframes required within the facility.
Expand allCore Performance Standards
Standard 1. Critical Thinking and Related Mental Abilities: Must have critical thinking
ability sufficient for clinical judgment.  Examples of necessary functional abilities
associated with this standard include (not an all-inclusive list): Has the ability
to interpret, investigate, communicate, and comprehend complex situations; identify
cause and effect relative to clinical situations under varying degrees of stress;
must be able to read and comprehend detailed charts, reports, journal articles, books,
etc.; and capable of performing all arithmetic functions (addition, subtraction, multiplication,
division, ratios, and simple algebraic equations).
Standard 2.  Communication and Interpersonal Abilities: Must be able to read, write,
speak, and comprehend English with sufficient skill to communicate effectively verbally
and non-verbally. Must have interpersonal abilities sufficient to interact with individuals,
families, and groups from a variety of social, emotional, cultural, and intellectual
backgrounds. Examples of necessary functional abilities associated with this standard
include (not all inclusive): Has the ability to establish rapport with clients and
their families, peers, agency personnel, and faculty; explain treatment procedures,
initiate health teaching; and document and interpret nursing actions and client responses.
Standard 3.  Physical Activities: Must have physical abilities sufficient to move
from room to room and maneuver in small spaces with gross and fine motor abilities
sufficient to provide safe and effective nursing care. Examples of necessary functional
abilities associated with this standard include (not all inclusive): Able to move
around a client’s room, work spaces, treatment areas and administer CPR; calibrate
and use equipment; position and transfer clients; capable of pushing up to 200 pounds
independently; capable of reaching 18 inches above head without the use of mechanical
devises to elevate themselves; capable of sitting, standing, walking for extended
periods of time; experience no limitations when bending, stooping, sitting, standing,
walking (i.e. uses no mechanical devices to assist themselves which would impede the
safety of a client), ability to move to and respond to an emergency situation in a
timely manner, and able to document in a clear, legible manner.
Standard 4.  Hearing: Auditory ability sufficient to monitor and assess health needs.
Examples of necessary functional abilities associated with this standard include (not
all inclusive): Able to auscultate sounds, monitor alarms and emergency signals; able
to tolerate loud noises for extended periods of time. Assistive devices must correct
hearing to this degree and must always be worn during practicums.
Standard 5.  Visual:  Must have the visual ability sufficient for observation, assessment,
and intervention necessary for nursing care. Examples of necessary functional abilities
associated with this standard include (not all inclusive): Observe client response,
accurately read equipment, gauges, and monitors, vision correctable to 20/40, normal
depth perception, and ability to distinguish colors and ability to tolerate offensive
visual situations.
Standard 6.  Smell:  Smelling ability sufficient to monitor and assess health needs.
Examples of necessary functional abilities associated with this standard include (not
all inclusive): Having ability to differentiate between various types of smells, and
ability to tolerate offensive odors.
*Standards may be changed at any time
Ethics for Nursing
Nursing is a profession, and as such, nursing students are expected to behave ethically.
Ethical behavior applies to colleagues, peers, supervisors, subordinates, and clients.
Click https://www.nursingworld.org/practice-policy/nursing-excellence/ethics/code-of-ethics-for-nurses/ for complete Code of Ethics for Nurses developed by the American Nurses Association
(ANA).
State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA) and State Board of Nursing Regulation
Information
In addition if a current student is considering relocating to another state after
being admitted into the program, the student must contact the program director to
discuss how the move may impact their ability to participate in academic courses (distributed
learning) and clinical practica (experiential learning) opportunities in a different
state.
Student Grievance Policy
Overview
For nonacademic issues, see STAF 6.27, Student Grievance Policy, Non-Academic.  For academic issues refer to both STAF 6.30, Academic Grievance Policy and the College of Nursing policy below.
The graduate student academic grievance policy describes the channel of resolution
used in the College of Nursing to resolve students’ academic issues or complaints.
The channel requires that the student seek resolution with the faculty member alleged
to have caused the problem and, if not resolved, the student should initiate resolution
through a defined set of procedures.
Students are encouraged to meet with their course faculty if they have academic problems.
Further procedures for resolution of differences are outlined in the Academic Grievance
Policy of the current USC Policies and Procedures Manual and this College of Nursing
Graduate Student Handbook. Contact the Executive Director of Student Affairs in the
College of Nursing for assistance.
Expand allGraduate Student Grievance Policy - Academic
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA COLLEGE OF NURSING
GRADUATE STUDENT GRIEVANCE POLICY - ACADEMIC
The purpose of this policy is to inform students of their rights and responsibilities
regarding the academic issues cited below.
1.  Protection of freedom of expression. Students should be free to take reasoned
exceptions to the data or views offered in any course of study and to reserve judgment
about matters of opinion. They are responsible, however, for learning the content
of any course of study for which they are enrolled.
2.  Protection against improper academic evaluation. Students should have protection,
through orderly procedures, against prejudiced or capricious academic evaluation.
At the same time, they are responsible for maintaining standards of academic performance
established for each course in which they are enrolled.
3.  Protection against improper disclosure. Information about student views, beliefs,
and political associations which professors acquire in the course of their work as
instructors, advisors, and counselors should be considered as confidential. Protection
against improper disclosure is a serious professional obligation. Judgments about
a student’s ability and character may be disclosed under appropriate circumstances,
normally with the knowledge and consent of the student.
STUDENT GRIEVANCE PROCESS
If a student perceives that any of the protections described above have been violated,
the student should initiate resolution through the following channels and in the sequence
indicated.
1.  Discuss the issue with the faculty member involved in the alleged violation. The
discussion must take place within 30 calendar days after the end of the semester during
which the alleged incident occurred. If the complaint is not resolved with the faculty
involved, then go to the next step
2.  Notify the Executive Director of Student Affairs, who will explain the grievance
policy and the student’s rights and responsibilities. The Director will assist the
student in completing a written narrative describing the alleged violation of the
protections described above. The narrative must contain the nature of the problem
or complaint, reasonable evidence to support the case, background material, and a
description of what has been done to resolve the problem.
3.   Meet with the Associate Dean for Academics  and submit the written narrative
describing the alleged violation. The Associate Dean for Academics will send to the
student a written response within 10 regular working days following the meeting. If,
after receiving the Associate Dean for Academics' response, the complaint is not resolved
to the aggrieved student’s satisfaction, the student must notify the Associate Dean
for Academics within 10 working days of receiving the letter and request a grievance
hearing. The Associate Dean for Academics will appoint an Ad Hoc Grievance Committee
of four faculty members, one of whom will serve as chair, and three students to conduct
the grievance hearing. The grievance hearing will be held within 10 regular working
days of the student’s request. The Associate Dean for Academics will distribute the
written narrative of the student’s grievance to the Ad Hoc Grievance Committee and
the faculty alleged to have caused the violation at the time of appointment to the
Ad Hoc Committee.
4.  Attend the grievance hearing and present the alleged violation(s) to the Ad Hoc
Grievance Committee and answer questions. The faculty member(s) who is alleged to
have caused the grievance has the right to be present during all presentations of
evidence to the Committee. The student and the faculty member may call witnesses.
However, the Chair of the Ad Hoc Grievance Committee must be notified in writing at
least 24 hours before the hearing of the names of all witnesses and the reason each
witness has been called.
It is the responsibility of the student and the faculty member, respectively, to
arrange for the appearance of witnesses. The Associate Dean of Academics may not attend
the grievance hearing.
The Ad Hoc Grievance Committee must schedule a hearing; inform the faculty involved
in writing and schedule their appearances at the hearing; maintain accurate, confidential
records of the case; conduct the hearing in a fair and impartial manner; and inform
the student and the faculty member(s) of the decision within two regular working days
of the hearing.
APPEAL
Graduate students may file an appeal of the decision of the Ad Hoc Grievance Committee
to the Dean of the College of Nursing within ten days of receipt of the finding of
the Ad Hoc Grievance Committee. The appeal must be filed on grounds that cite procedural
error that results in a bias decision; new evidence; or penalty imposed that is not
appropriate to the violation. If the Dean finds merit in any of the above claims,
the Dean will appoint a new Ad Hoc Grievance Committee who will conduct a new grievance
hearing. If the Dean does not find merit to student claims, the finding of the Ad
Hoc Grievance Committee will be upheld.
Graduate students may appeal decisions to the Graduate School. Appeals accepted by
the Graduate School for consideration of reversal or modification of the Departmental
decision are those with one or more of the following cited as grounds: inequitable
application of regulations, bias, conflict with regulations, or extenuating circumstance.
See current Graduate Bulletin for addition information.
A faculty member who feels aggrieved as a result of student grievance proceedings
has the right to appear before the University Faculty Grievance Committee and present
their case to the Committee. The process is described in the Faculty Manual.
*Policy may be changed at anytime
Student Petition Policy
Overview
Students who feel they are entitled to relief from or deviation in the academic regulations
of the University or the College of Nursing should apply through the petition process
of the Student Petitions Committee of the College.
The purview of the Student Petitions Committee is to address student petitions, in
accordance with College and University guidelines. Students will receive an email
notification within 24 hours followed by a letter informing them of the Committee’s
decision and outlining the required course of action. A copy will be sent to the student’s
advisor and Program Director. All matters of academic discipline are acted upon through
the Student Petitions Committee of the College of Nursing.
Expand allMeetings
The Student Petitions Committee meets three times a year at the close of the fall,
spring and summer semesters, and as needed, to rule on specific academic problems.
Petitions
A student must petition the Committee in writing, describing the situation, and may
be asked to present his or her case at the Committee meeting. The petition should be
submitted to the Executive Director of Student Affairs.
Student Social Media Policy
Expand allStudent Social Media Policy
As professional nurses, students are responsible for protecting the privacy and confidentiality
of patients and research participants. The following guidelines are intended to minimize
the risks of using social media:
First and foremost, nurses must recognize that they have an ethical and legal obligation
to maintain patient privacy and confidentiality at all times.
Nurses are strictly prohibited from transmitting by way of any electronic media any
patient-related image. In addition, students/nurses are restricted from transmitting
any information that may be reasonably anticipated to violate patient rights to confidentiality
or privacy, or otherwise degrade or embarrass the patient.
Do not share post or otherwise disseminate any information, including images, about
a patient or information gained in the nurse-patient relationship with anyone unless
there is a patient care related need to disclose the information or other legal obligation
to do so.
Do not identify patients by name or post or publish information that may lead to the
identification of a patient. Limiting access to postings through privacy settings
is not sufficient to ensure privacy.
Do not refer to patients in a disparaging manner, even if the patient is not identified.
Do not take photos or videos of patients on personal devices, including cell phones.
Follow employer policies for taking photographs or video of patients for treatment
or other legitimate purposes using employer-provided devices.
Maintain professional boundaries in the use of electronic media. Like in-person relationships,
the nurse has the obligation to establish, communicate and enforce professional boundaries
with patients in the online environment. Use caution when having online social contact
with patients or former patients. Online contact with patients or former patients
blurs the distinction between a professional and personal relationship. The fact that
a patient may initiate contact with the nurse does not permit the nurse to engage
in a personal relationship with the patient.
Consult employer policies or an appropriate leader within the organization for guidance
regarding work related postings.
Promptly report any identified breach of confidentiality or privacy.
Be aware of and comply with employer policies regarding use of employer-owned computers,
cameras and other electronic devices and use of personal devices in the workplace.
Do not make disparaging remarks about employers or co-workers. Do not make threatening,
harassing, profane, obscene, sexually explicit, racially derogatory, homophobic or
other offensive comments.
Do not post content or otherwise speak on behalf of the employer unless authorized
to do so and follow all applicable policies of the employer.
*All guidelines apply to students. Student should also not make disparaging remarks
related to their clinical site, faculty or school. The College of Nursing has adopted
the NCSBN position statement:
NCSBN (2011) White Paper: A Nurse’s Guide to the Use of Social Media https://www.ncsbn.org/NCSBN_SocialMedia.pdf
Student Substance Abuse Policy
Expand allStudent Substance Abuse Policy
Purpose
The College of Nursing recognizes the importance of educating its students about the
problems of substance abuse. Unfortunately, this significant health risk is prevalent
among healthcare providers. Aside from impacting the personal and psychological integrity
of the abusers, substance abuse may significantly impact the ability of healthcare
providers to administer safe, competent patient care.  In severe cases, substance
abuse by a healthcare provider can lead to malpractice lawsuits and even criminal
prosecution.  Recognizing that substance abuse is both a disease and a professional
hazard, the University of South Carolina has resources available for students experiencing
substance abuse issues.
The College of Nursing has established this policy to clarify procedures for students
who are found to have abused controlled or illegal substances and/or alcohol. This
policy impacts the student’s ability to maintain personal and professional integrity
and facilitates the student’s success both clinically and didactically. It promotes
a healthy learning environment for the student.  In the clinical setting, this policy
enhances patient safety. It also fosters the development of professional nurses who
are well educated about the prevalence of substance abuse and its potential to lead
to adverse patient outcomes.
Policy
This policy applies to all students who have matriculated into a College of Nursing
academic program(s).
Any unlawful possession, use, manufacture, distribution, diversion, or improper use
of any substances by any student in the College of Nursing may constitute removal
from clinical and/or cause for termination fromt he program(s).  In addition, no student
may consume or be under the influence of or be in the possession of alcohol at any
time the student is in the classroom and/or performing clinical duties.  Improper
use of alcohol may also constitute removal from clinical and/or cause for termination
from the program.  Students must comply with all local, state, or federal laws and
regulations controlling the possession, manufacture, use, or distribution of controlled
or illegal substances and alcohol.  Students must also adhere to all University of
South Carolin policies regarding alcohol and/or drug use.  Specific policies of note
include:  STAF 3.02, Alcohol Policy and Guidelines for the University Community; STAF
3.18, Drug Policy for University Students; STAF 3.19, Overdose Medical Treatment;
STAF 6.26, and Student Code of Conduct.  These policies can be found at UofSC Policies and Procedures Manual.
In addition, there are circumstances in which students may need to take over the counter
or prescribed medications that have the potential to impair their performance or personal
behavior. Documentation from treating provider should indicate diagnosis and anticipated
length of medication administration. As such, all students are responsible for being
aware of the effect these medications may have on performance and must notify their
Program Director, Course Coordinator or Instructor within 72 hours prior to clinical
attendance or drug testing about the use of any medication that could impair performance
or has the potential to influence a drug screen.
Failure or refusal to comply with the substance abuse policy may be grounds for disciplinary
action, including dismissal from the program. Any attempt to delay, hinder, or tamper
with any testing or to alter the results of testing will be considered a refusal to
comply with this policy. In addition, failure or refusal to comply with any aspect
of the substance abuse policy may be reported to the University’s Office of Student
Conduct for possible disciplinary action in accordance with the University’s Student
Conduct Policy.
Procedures
I. Drug Testing
Many clinical training sites, or institutions in which human research is being conducted,
require that students undergo drug testing, like what is required of their employees,
prior to placement at the sites. Therefore, all students involved in clinical practice
settings, whether for clinical education purposes or for the recruitment of research
subjects and/or the collection of research data, will be required to undergo drug
testing prior to engaging with clinical sites.
In addition, during enrollment in a College of Nursing program(s), a student may be
required to undergo drug or alcohol testing for cause when the university faculty
and/or administrator(s) determines there is reasonable suspicion that the student
is impaired due to illegal drug or alcohol use, or the use or misuse of prescribed
or over-the-counter medications. Testing for cause may be based upon, but not limited
to the following examples: unusual or aberrant behavior or patterns of abnormal or
erratic behavior; physical symptoms of impairment; arrest or conviction for a drug
or alcohol related offense; evidence of drug tampering, drug diversion, or misappropriation;
direct observation of drug use or discrepant drug counts; alterations in student clinical
and/or didactic performance that may not be attributed to other causes; following
a work-related injury or illness when there is any evidence (direct or circumstantial)
that it may have been related to use of a controlled substance; observation of poor
judgment or careless acts which caused or had the potential to cause patient injury,
jeopardize the safety of self or others, or resulted in damage to equipment.
II. Reporting
A faculty or staff member who suspects possible substance abuse by a student must
report the suspicious behavior to the Program Director or Course Coordinator who will
then immediately contact the appropriate Assistant Dean for Undergraduate/Graduate
Studies, Executive Director of Student Affairs, and the Associate Dean for Academics.
In the absence of the Program Director or Course Coordinator, the faculty member observing
the behavior should contact the appropriate Assistant Dean for Undergraduate/Graduate
Studies, Executive Director of Student Affairs, and the Associate Dean for Academics.
Any faculty member with evidence that an enrolled student has engaged in clinical
care of patients and families or participated in class room work while impaired may
also report their observations to the University’s Office of Student Conduct.
A student who suspects possible substance abuse or a violation of this policy by another
student has the responsibility to report this information. A report can be made to
the student’s academic advisor, and/or Instructor, Course Coordinator, or Program
Director. The appropriate Assistant Dean for Undergraduate/Graduate Studies, Executive
Director of Student Affairs, and the Associate Dean for Academics should be notified
by the advisor, course instructor, course coordinator and/or program director. The
identity of the individual making the report will be kept confidential to the greatest
extent possible consistent with the need to investigate the report and subject to
legal requirements.
Any student arrested or convicted of violating any federal, state, or local law pertaining
to the manufacture, possession, sale, use, or distribution of a drug or alcohol or
misuse of prescribed medications must report this event to the appropriate Assistant
Dean for Undergraduate/Graduate Studies, Executive Director of Student Affairs, and
the Associate Dean for Academics within three days of the event and prior to any clinical
contact with patients and families. If the student holds a nursing license, the student
should also contact their governing Board of Nursing for guidance in reporting an
arrest and/or conviction.
III. Testing Procedure
Drug and alcohol testing required by the College of Nursing will be conducted utilizing
the following measures:
A.   Students are responsible for all expenses incurred for testing.
B.    The student must be tested at a facility approved by the College.
C.    The student must fully comply with the testing facility’s methods and procedures
for collecting samples.
D.   The drug test shall screen for the use of the controlled substances (examples
listed in Appendix 1).
E.    The student must disclose any prescribed or over-the-counter medications, as
well as any dietary habits that could modify testing results.
F.    If the accuracy of a positive test is disputed by the student, the student may
request a retesting of samples by the facility; however, the cost of the additional
testing would be paid by the student. Testing done outside the appropriate window
of time will not be considered valid.
G.   Substance abuse is verified if either: (i) the positive test result is not disputed,
or (ii)if the student-requested retest of the initial sample is positive.
H.   If the test is inconclusive, the screening will be treated as positive until
definitive analysis by alternate testing is accomplished. Alternate testing will be
conducted at the same facility as the inconclusive test results and will be at the
student’s expense.  During this time the student will not be permitted to have any
contact with clinical settings but may be allowed to attend classes, pending the approval
of the appropriate Assistant Dean.
I.     The testing facility will publish a final report of the test results (positive,
negative, or inconclusive) to the College of Nursing.
J.     A student who is required to and submits to drug and/or alcohol screening will
be expected to authorize the release of the results to the College and other relevant
University offices.
K.    If a student refuses to release the drug test results to the College and other
relevant University offices, the test will be treated as positive.
Admission will be withdrawn for a student screening positive. All interim actions
up to or including a student to undergo drug or alcohol testing, refrain from contact
with clinical settings, or to refrain from class attendance will be determined by
the appropriate Assistant Dean in consultation with the Associate Dean for Academics,
relevant Program Director, Course Coordinator or Instructor and relevant University
experts. In drug or alcohol testing for cause cases, the cost of any required drug
or alcohol testing will be the responsibility of the student at a facility chosen
by the College of Nursing. A student who refuses to submit to testing or who refuses
to release the results of drug or alcohol testing will be regarded as having voluntarily
relinquished their clinical responsibilities and may be suspended from the program(s)
until further investigation is completed. Any attempt to delay, hinder, or tamper
with any testing or to alter the results of testing will be considered a refusal to
submit to testing and may result in an inference of impairment and/or a violation
of this policy.
IV. Confidentiality
The requirement that a student be tested, as well as the test results, will remain
confidential and disclosed only to those individuals within University of South Carolina
or an affiliated clinical site with a need to know or as required by law. Upon written
request, students will be provided a copy of test results. All students who hold a
nursing license and who are suspected of substance abuse will be asked to self-report
to the respective State Board of Nursing. If the student refuses to self-report, the
Assistant Dean for Undergraduate/Graduate Studies, Executive Director of Student Affairs,
and the Associate Dean for Academics will consult with the appropriate Program Director,
Course Coordinator or Instructor, and other relevant University officials with a need
to know.  If a health or safety emergency exists which puts the student or others
at imminent risk of harm, then the College of Nursing may choose to report the student
to the appropriate State Board of Nursing.
V. Voluntary Self-Disclosure
Students who voluntarily self-disclose a substance or alcohol abuse problem to a faculty
member, staff member, Program Director, appropriate Assistant Dean for Undergraduate/Graduate
Studies, Executive Director of Student Affairs or the Associate Dean for Academics,
prior to a positive drug/alcohol test result, and who are willing to enter into and
complete an appropriate program of treatment may be granted a medical leave of absence
while she/ he undergoes treatment. In consultation with her/his health care provider
and University providers (Counseling and Psychiatry-Student Health Services and/or
Substance Abuse Prevention and Education (SAPE)), a treatment program will be identified,
and the student will be assisted with entrance. The student must sign appropriate
HIPAA Authorization forms permitting designated University providers (Counseling and
Psychiatry-Student Health Services and/or SAPE) to communicate with the student’s
private providers about her/his recovery status with the College of Nursing.
VI. Treatment and Counseling Resources
Students who are concerned that they may have a substance or alcohol abuse problem
are encouraged to seek appropriate assessment, treatment, and counseling from qualified
health care professionals. The following websites are a list of some treatment and
counseling services that are available to students:
Alcoholics Anonymous
American Society of Addictive Medicine
Narcotic Anonymous
National Directory of Drug and Alcohol Abuse Treatment Programs
UofSC Substance Abuse Prevention and Education
Mental Health at UofSC
USC Student Health Services
VII. Reentry into the Academic and Clinical Environment
Return from a medical leave of absence due to voluntary disclosure of a substance
abuse problem will be considered by the appropriate Assistant Dean and approval of
the Associate Dean for Academics following successful treatment and sustained progress
in addition to other conditions that may be stipulated in the leave of absence agreement.
The conditions will be appropriately individualized considering the situation and
needs of the student. All required University and College documents must be completed,
including a plan for successful return to course and clinical work that is approved
by the student’s health care provider, relevant University experts (Counseling and
Psychiatry and Student Health Services) and the College of Nursing. Factors that have
been identified as helpful for reentry into practice include 12-step program participation,
random drug screening, and sponsorship in a support group. The student must also provide
medical clearance from the appropriate individual coordinating therapeutic intervention
and evidence of an unencumbered nursing license (if a RN-BSN or graduate student).
Re-entry to the College of Nursing will be determined in consultation with the Counseling
and Psychiatry and Student Health Services offices.  A student in recovery who is
permitted to reenter the College of Nursing must comply with all the conditions of
return delineated as part of the program reentry agreement.
Depending upon the length of absence from the program, the student may be required
to restart the clinical and/or didactic components of their plan of study. Alternatively,
the student may only be required to repeat specific semesters of clinical and didactic
study, based on the decision of the appropriate Assistant Dean in consultation with
the relevant Program Director or Course Coordinator.  A student recovering from substance
abuse will be monitored closely, particularly in clinical practice. Frequent monitoring
to ensure the student remains substance free will be required.
Reentry can be difficult for students, especially those who have just started their
educational program and have limited time invested in the program. Reentry after relapse
into substance abuse is not advised for any student. Reentry into a nursing program’s
curriculum after a period of absence, no matter what the reason, can be a stressful
time of readjustment. A student who has been in rehabilitation for substance abuse
requires the same period of adjustment as a person who has been away from clinical
and didactic arena for any other reason. A student in recovery who is reentering the
program will be encouraged not to resume their course of study too hastily, but instead
allow themselves time to develop appropriate support systems to facilitate the reentry.
Appendix 1
Amphetamine (methamphetamine) Barbiturates
Benzodiazepine
Cocaine
Marijuana
Methadone
Opiates (codeine & morphine) Phencyclidine
Propoxyphene
MDMA
Oxy (2 categories)
Revised Aug 2020
Challenge the conventional. Create the exceptional. No Limits.
©