http://www.sane.org/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Help Centre
1800 18 7263
Home > Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Share
Listen to this page
Please read these Terms & Conditions which govern the use of all SANE Australia (ABN 92 006 533 606) (SANE) websites (including any of the webpages located at www.sane.org, saneforums.org and the SANE Helpline Chat service (the SANE Websites)). Additional Terms and Conditions apply specifically to the SANE Forums (Forums), as set out below.
By using the SANE Websites, you agree with these Terms & Conditions and the SANE Privacy Policy (available at: https://www.sane.org/privacy). You must not use the SANE Websites if you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions and the SANE Privacy Policy.
SANE may amend these Terms & Conditions by posting the amended terms and conditions on the SANE Websites. Please check regularly for amendments. By continuing to access and use any of the SANE Websites, you will be deemed to have agreed to the most recent terms & conditions.
Purpose
The SANE website www.sane.org is intended to provide general information only to residents of Australia.
The Forums saneforums.org are intended to provide a place for only the residents of Australia to discuss mental health-related issues. Use of the Forums is subject to the Forum Terms & Conditions, included below, as well as these general Terms & Conditions.
Privacy
For information on SANE’s collection, use and disclosure of information, refer to the SANE Privacy Policy (https://www.sane.org/privacy).
Specific warnings and disclaimers
Subject to your rights at law which cannot be excluded, you agree that:
all representations, guarantees, warranties and implied terms are excluded. SANE does not make any warranty or representation of any kind in relation to the SANE Websites or the content accessible on or through the SANE Websites;
SANE specifically excludes any representations or warranties as to the completeness, accuracy or suitability of any of the content of the SANE Websites for any purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. SANE does not warrant that the SANE Websites are available continuously or without error; and
SANE excludes all liability in connection with any loss and/or damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), arising out of or in connection with your access to and use of the SANE Websites, or your reliance upon information contained obtained from the SANE Websites and/or any website you access via a link through the SANE Websites.
Content
The information on the SANE Websites is updated from time to time and the content may change without notice. SANE has no obligation to update any of the outdated information on the SANE Websites.
Images
All images uploaded by SANE onto the SANE Websites are either sourced from stock photo agencies (Getty Images, Shutterstock), downloaded from royalty-free services (including Pixabay, Pexels and Unsplash), shared with SANE under creative-commons license, or are privately commissioned with an image consent and release form.
No medical or legal advice
The content on the SANE Websites is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical services or legal advice. If you require specific advice, you should seek the assistance of healthcare professionals or an appropriately qualified person. You should not disregard or delay seeking professional advice because of information you obtain from the SANE Websites.
The information and services are made available on the condition that SANE, its staff and others involved in the provision of the information or services shall not be held responsible for any actions taken as a result of information or opinions given.
Links to this website
You may place a link to the SANE Websites homepages on your own website, but only in a manner that is legal and does not damage SANE’s reputation. Any link must not be established in a manner that suggests any association, approval or endorsement on our part where there is none. Otherwise, you may not link to any part of the SANE Websites.
Links to other websites
The SANE Websites may contain links to other websites. These links are provided for convenience only and may not be maintained or current. SANE does not endorse the content of any organisation behind any of these linked websites.
Viruses
You must not knowingly introduce any viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful to the SANE Websites.
SANE will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the SANE Websites, to your downloading of any material posted on them, or on any website linked to them.
Intellectual property rights
You must not use any material obtained from the SANE Websites unless it is for your personal use only. You must obtain our consent (which we may give or withhold in our discretion) before reproducing this material or using it for any commercial purposes.
Trademarks
SANE Australia and StigmaWatch are Australian registered trademarks of SANE Australia ACN 006 533 606.
General
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such a provision will be severed and the remaining provisions will continue in force.  Delay or failure by SANE to enforce a provision of these Terms and Conditions or any other right does not constitute a waiver of that provision or right.
Applicable laws
These Terms & Conditions are governed by the laws in force in Victoria, Australia and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia and any courts which may hear appeals from those courts in respect of proceedings in connection with these Terms & Conditions or the SANE Websites.
Feedback and complaints
At SANE we strive for a safe, diverse and equitable service provision for all service users and community members.
An effective feedback handling process to be an essential part of this commitment.
For more information, see SANE's Feedback and Complaints Policy (available at: https://www.sane.org/about-sane/feedback-and-complaints-policy).
How to contact SANE Australia
If you have any queries about the above terms and conditions, please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call +61 3 9682 5933.
Forum Terms & Conditions
The Lived Experience and Carers Forums are peer-to-peer support services provided by SANE in partnership with mental health organisations around the country. You must agree to these Terms & Conditions to use the SANE Forums which are accessible at saneforums.org. The SANE Forums are provided by SANE on a platform supplied by Lithium Technologies, Inc (Lithium).
Forum membership
If you agree to these Terms & Conditions, you may apply (sign up) to be a member of the Forums. If SANE accepts your application, you will become a member. Membership is non-transferable. SANE reserves the unrestricted right to refuse membership, and to suspend, terminate or restrict members’ use of the Forums.
You may have only one member account with the Forums at any given time. If your access to the Forums is revoked, you must not access the Forums via another member’s account or create further member accounts.
As a member you agree not to disclose your username or password to any other person.
You may close your account at any time through your user profile. This will delete your profile data, except your postcode, which is de-identified (i.e. no longer associated with you or your username) and collected for reporting purposes. Additionally, all of your previous posts will remain but are de-identified and will not be connected to your username.
Conditions of use - general
You agree that:
you will comply with the Forum guidelines (as amended from time to time) (available at: https://saneforums.org/t5/help/faqpage#community-guidelines) (the Guidelines);
you will not use the Forums if you are a minor or otherwise unable to form binding contracts;
you will not post any false, misleading, threatening, defamatory or indecent material on the Forums;
SANE does not guarantee continuous, error-free access to the Forums;
SANE may remove any member account if that member breaches the Guidelines, or for any other reason;
SANE may amend the content of Forums at any time, and may remove any content from Forums at any time; and
SANE is not responsible for the content of the Forums, which may change or be removed from time to time.
Conditions of use - liability
Subject to your rights at law which cannot be excluded, you agree that:
you will not hold SANE liable for any loss (which includes any loss, liability and expense (including legal costs) on a complete indemnity basis) or damage suffered as a result of your use of the Forums, whether or not that loss or damage was caused by SANE, Lithium or another user of the Forums;
you unconditionally release SANE (and our employees, agents and officers) from any liability or obligation (known and unknown) relating to or in connection with any dispute you have with another user of the Forums;
you indemnify SANE and Lithium (and their employees, agents and officers) against any loss arising from any claim, action, demand or proceeding made by any party in connection with your use of the Forums, or your breach of these Terms & Conditions, or resulting from your disclosure, use or solicitation of the personal information of any person (including yourself) by any other person (including yourself); and
in the event that SANE is found liable to you on any basis, our liability to you is limited to $100.
Privacy
You agree that:
SANE has advised you not to disclose personal information about yourself or disclose or solicit the personal information of any other user of the Forums; and
SANE is not responsible for the use by any third party of any personal information (whether relating to you or another person) that you disclose on or in connection with the Forums.
Intellectual property rights
You agree that:
you grant SANE and Lithium a perpetual, irrevocable licence to reproduce or use any intellectual property you create or post on the Forums for the purposes of providing and administering the Forums, and in the case of SANE only, for the purpose of medical and public health research;
you will not use the Forums in a way which infringes the intellectual property rights of another person (e.g. you will not upload images in relation to which you do not have rights or permission to upload) and you will not hold SANE liable for any infringement of your intellectual property rights in connection with your use of the Forums;
you will do all things necessary to assist SANE and Lithium to be entitled to the 'safe harbor' provisions of the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act;
a request for an individual post to be removed will be considered at the discretion of SANE Australia. You can request removal through the ‘Delete Post’ link in your post using desktop of tablet version OR email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with your request and a link to the post;
you can edit your own individual posts at any time through the tablet or desktop version of SANE Forums; and
if you close your account, the content of your posts will remain on SANE Forums, but will be de-identified.
If you believe your copyright has been infringed by content on a Forum, you may contact SANE at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Last updated: 10 August 2020