http://www.einstein.edu/orthopedics/conditions
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Orthopedic Care & Services / Conditions & Treatments
Orthopedics
Orthopedics Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Our goal is to restore movement so you can get back to your life. Following an evaluation, you will be provided with a treatment plan that could include non-operative treatment, surgery or a combination of modalities.
Arthritis
Einstein offers a full range of treatment options to help relieve your pain, restore your range of motion and get you back to living an active life.
Learn More
Back & Spine
Our team are experts in treating a full range of back and spine conditions, with a focus on relieving your symptoms and restoring your quality of life.
Learn More
Einstein Fracture Care Clinic
We provide easy access to rapid care for adults and older teenagers (16+) with acute injuries and make referrals easier for primary care physicians and emergency rooms.
Learn More
Foot & Ankle
Our foot and ankle specialists will work closely with you to develop a comprehensive, personalized care plan
Learn More
Hand, Wrist, Elbow & Shoulder Care
Treating every individual patient with expert attention and personal care, we are experts in the full spectrum of bone and joint injuries and conditions, including rotator cuff injuries, tendonitis, and carpal tunnel syndrome
Learn More
Hip Care & Hip Replacement Surgery
As one of the region’s leaders in hip replacement, our experts are specially trained in total hip replacement and minimally invasive types of surgery..
Learn More
Knee Injuries & Knee Replacement Surgery
Einstein’s orthopedic experts can help relieve your pain and get you back in the game, or back to living life.
Learn More
Non-Surgical Treatments
At Einstein, we specialize in non-surgical solutions and ongoing monitoring, helping relive your pain and other symptoms while you recover.
Learn More
Sports Medicine Rehab & Athletic Training
Our orthopedic team at Einstein uses some of the most advanced surgical and non-surgical techniques to help athletes heal faster and get back in the game.
Learn More
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have comprehensive clinical expertise in orthopedics and are actively invested in resident education.
Accreditation & Partnerships
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.