https://www.loyolamedicine.org/terms-use-and-online-privacy
Skip to main content
COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Update: Learn More About Loyola Medicine Care During COVID-19.
You are hereHomeTerms of Use and Online Privacy
Terms of Use and Online Privacy
Effective August 16, 2012
Welcome to the website of LoyolaMedicine.org (the “Site”). This site is owned by Loyola University Health System (“Company”). Your compliance with these Terms of Use / Online Privacy (“Terms of Use”) is a condition to your use of the site. If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, promptly exit this Site.
Please consult the Online Privacy portion of these Terms of Use for information regarding our practices with respect to collection, use and sharing of personal information through this Site. Please consult our Notice of Privacy Practices for information on how we use patient information and your rights regarding your patient information.
Ownership of the Site
All pages within this Site and any material made available for download are owned or licensed by the Company. The Site is protected by United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The Contents of the Site, including without limitation the files, documents, text, photographs, images, audio and video and any materials accessed through or made available for use or download through this Site (“Content”) may not be copied, distributed, modified, reproduced, published or used, in whole or in part, except for purposes authorized or approved by Company, including the provision of services or products to Company, or in connection with a business relationship with Company. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose, or deep linking to, any name, trademarks, service marks, logo, Content or other proprietary information (including; images, text, page layout, or form) of Company without our express written consent. If you have questions about the Site or any materials or would like more information or to request written consent, please contact us or call us at 888-584-7888.
Site Security
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; or (c) accessing or using the Site or any portion thereof without authorization, in violation of these Terms of Use or in violation of applicable law. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Company will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site.
Access to Site; Indemnification
In the event access to the Site or a portion thereof is limited requiring a user ID and password (“Protected Areas”), you agree to access Protected Areas using only your user ID and password as provided to you by Company. You agree to protect the confidentiality of your user ID and password, and not to share or disclose your user ID or password to any third party. You agree that you are fully responsible for all activity occurring under your user ID. Your access to the Site may be revoked by Company at any time with or without cause. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Company harmless from and against all third party claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) against or incurred by Company arising out of your use or access of the Site, or access by anyone accessing the Site using your user ID and password.
Accuracy and Integrity of Information
Although Company attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of the Site, it makes no representations, warranties or guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of the Site and Content thereon. It is possible that the Site could include typographical errors, inaccuracies or other errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alterations could be made to the Site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Company so that it can be corrected. Information contained on the Site may be changed or updated without notice. Additionally, Company shall have no responsibility or liability for information or Content posted to the Site from any non-Company affiliated third party.
Online Transactions - Payment of Bills
Patients are able to pay their hospital bills and charges online. Our financial services provider manages and operates the online bill payment feature, including the processing of credit card, debit card and e-check bank accounting withdrawals. Please consult the website of our service providers for their terms of use and privacy practices. There is a link on our Site to the website of the service provider.
Visitors to our Site may be able to register or purchase products online; for example visitors may be able to purchase from the gift shop or register for classes. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order. Some situations that may result in your order being refused or canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is canceled after your credit card (or other payment account) has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card (or other applicable payment account) in the amount of the charge.
If a credit card account is being used for a transaction, Company may obtain preapproval for an amount up to the amount of the payment. You represent and warrant that if you are making online payments that (i) any credit card, debit card and bank account information you supply is true, correct and complete, (ii) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit/debit card company or bank, (iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you in the amounts posted, including any applicable taxes, and (iv) you are the person in whose name the card was issued and you are authorized to make a purchase or other transaction with the relevant card and card information.
Typographical Errors and Incorrect Pricing
In the event a product or service is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product / service listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit or debit card charged. If your credit or debit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit or debit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Medical Advice Disclaimer
The content of the Site, including without limitation, text, copy, audio, video, photographs, illustrations, graphics and other visuals, is for informational purposes only and does not constitute professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or recommendations of any kind. You should always seek the advice of your qualified healthcare professionals with any questions or concerns you may have regarding your individual needs and any medical conditions. Reliance on any information appearing on the Site, whether provided by Company, its content providers, its clients, visitors to the site or others, is solely at your own risk.
General Warranty Disclaimer
Company does not warrant that access to or use of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the Site will be corrected. This Site, including any content or information contained within it or any Site-related service, is provided “as is,” with all faults, with no representations or warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quality of information, quiet enjoyment and title/non-infringement. Company specifically disclaims all liability for errors or omissions in, or the misuse or misinterpretation of, any information obtained through the Site. Company does not warrant the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information obtained through the Site.
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this Site, Site-related services and linked websites. Company does not warrant that files available for download will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other destructive programming. You are responsible for implementing procedures sufficient to satisfy your needs for data backup and security. You agree that Company shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising directly or indirectly from any such code. You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Site and of the internet.
Limitation of Liability Regarding Use of Site
Company and any third parties mentioned on this Site are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or other damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of or relating in any way to the Site, Site-related services, content or information contained within the Site and/or any linked website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the Site, Site-related services and/or linked websites is to stop using the Site and/or those services.
External Sites
Company makes no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may access through this Site. When you access a non-Company site, please understand that it is independent from Company, and that Company has no control over the Content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-Company website does not mean that Company endorses or accepts any responsibility for the Content, or the use, of the linked site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use or download is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
* * * * *
Online Privacy
Scope. This section describes how we use and share personal information collected through this Site. Our Site also contains links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by Company. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information. For information about how we collect, use and share your health and medical information, please refer to our Notice of Privacy Practices.
Information You Provide To Us.  You can provide information to us on our Site through various means, such as contacting us through our Site, filling out feedback forms, paying your hospital bills online or purchasing products online from our gift store. Depending on which feature you are using, you may be asked provide personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, email address, credit or debit card information, bank account information and more.
No Information From Children Under Age 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register with us at this Site or provide any personal information about yourself to us via this Site.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child under the age of 13 collected via this Site, please contact us or call us at 888-584-7888.
Information We Collect Automatically. We collect certain information automatically as you use our Site, such as IP address, browser type, computer or device type, the website from where you navigated to our Site and the pages on our Site that you view.
Cookies.  When you visit our Site we send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you.
How We Use and Share Your Information
Communications from Us. We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information, including your email address, when you visit our Site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will use the information to contact you about products, services and information and to provide relevant advertising to you. We will not sell your personally identifiable information, but we may provide your email address to third parties who will contact you about our products and services or whose products or services would be of interest to you.
To Provide Products, Services and Information. We collect personal information from you so that we can provide products and services that you purchase using the Site and information that you request from us. We use your personal information to contact you about your orders, process credit card/debit card transactions and ship products to you. We may provide information to third party service providers that help us bring you the services we offer. For example, we use third parties to help host and maintain our Site and to process payments.
Legal Requests or Requirements and to Prevent Harm. We will share personal information with third party companies, organizations or individuals outside of Company if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Company, our users, customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
Meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control. If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Site to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable privacy statement unless you agree differently.
Access to Your Information and Choices
You can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by logging onto the patient portal. If you have questions about personal information we have about you or need to update your information, you can contact us or call us at 888-584-7888.
Security of Your Information
In order to help secure your personal information, access to your data on our Site is password-protected and sensitive data (such as a credit card number) is protected by encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and our Site. To protect any data you store on our servers, we also regularly audit our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we use a tier-one secured-access data center. However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that emails you send to us through our Site are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Revisions to Terms of Use / Privacy; General Terms
Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this Site, with or without cause, and with or without notice. In the event that any of the Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between Company and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof. In its sole discretion, Company may from time-to-time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use, so you are aware of any such revisions to which you are bound. Certain provisions of these Terms of Use may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages within this Site. In the event of any dispute or claim relating to the Site or these Terms of Use, you agree to resolution of such dispute in the state or federal courts located in Illinois, in accordance with Illinois law.
Request an Appointment
Online Scheduling
Schedule a Telehealth Appointment
Call Us at 888-584-7888
Notice of Privacy Practices
English
Arabic
Polish
Spanish