https://www.additudemag.com/category/adhd-add/related-conditions/learning-disabilities/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD & Symptom Tests
ADHD Comorbidities & Related Conditions
Auditory Processing Disorder
Diagnosing LD
Dyscalculia
Dysgraphia
Dyslexia
Dyspraxia
The stereotypical hallmarks of ADHD — inattention, poor executive functions, behavioral problems, and...
ADHD is usually apparent from the first day of school, whereas dyslexia is often not recognized until...
This math learning disability is nearly as common as dyslexia, however it’s studied far less,...
Dyspraxia is a motor skills disorder with symptoms that can be recognized in children as young as 1...
Dysgraphia is a brain-based learning disability that affects writing. As with all learning disorders,...
Individuals with auditory processing disorder have normal hearing capacity, but the mechanisms in the...
Nonverbal learning disorder is a little-known condition that impacts more people than you might...
Expressive and receptive language disorders impact a person’s ability to understand what others are...
As many as half of all children with ADHD also have a learning disability (LD). Learn more about the...
Not sure if your child's problems in school might be caused by a learning disability? Take this free...
Learning disabilities are not linked to low intelligence or to autism. They aren't caused by parental...
Nearly a third of children with ADHD also have a math learning disability. These conditions and other...
Problems with organization, focus, and time management often point to inattentive-type ADHD (aka...
Wondering whether your child's difficulties stem from ADHD or learning disabilities? Take this fast...
Could your child’s social mishaps and physical clumsiness suggest a nonverbal learning disorder...
Show More Stories
Free Newsletter
Signs & Symptoms
Understand ADHD and related conditions.
Email Address
Sign Up
Read These Next
Slow Processing Speed: Signs & Solutions for a Misunderstood Deficit
The concept of slow processing speed (SPS) and its effect on learning is still new, so parents should take...
“How the Whole World Missed My Dyslexia, Except Me”
For the better part of 40 years, my dyslexia set me apart — and not in a good way. Here's how I overcame my...
Gavin Newsom: Electing to Make the Most of Dyslexia
The Governor of California and former mayor of San Francisco struggled with dyslexia, but hard work and...
More Articles Recommended For You
Language Disorders: Symptoms and Diagnosis
The Truth About Dyslexia in Children
How to Treat the Symptoms of Dyslexia
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions