https://www.bna.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About
About Us
Downloads
Jobs
Vacancies
Pay Rates
Compliance
Our Jobs
Disclosure & Barring Services (DBS) Check – England & Wales
Protecting Vulnerable Groups (PVG) Scheme - Scotland
What nurses & Carers say about us
Staff for employers
Our nurses and carers
Home nursing and care
Complex Care
What Clients Say
News
Staffshift Mobile
Contact Us
Contact Us
WhatsApp Support Chat
Register with us
British Nursing Association - Privacy Policy LEGALA24 Group LimitedGroup House92 - 96 Lind RoadSuttonSurreySM1 4PLUnited KingdomTel: 0871 873 3333Fax: 0871 873 3373E-mail:  info@a24group.comTERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF A24 GROUP LIMITED WEBSITES 1. Ownership & Copyright1.1 Copyright in all information, material and logos (hereinafter referred to generally as "material") made available through this web site are protected by both national and international intellectual property laws. Accordingly, any unauthorised copying, reproduction, retransmission, distribution, dissemination, sale, publication, broadcast or other circulation, or exploitation of this material will constitute an infringement of such protection.1.2 The copyright in all material of A24 Group Limited and all its subsidiaries published on this web site shall continue to vest in A24 Group Limited. A visitor’s access to this website, and the information contained on it, does not in any way convey or transfer any right in or to the intellectual property rights of A24 Group Limited. Without derogating from the aforegoing, A24 Group Limited hereby authorises you to view, copy, download to a local drive, print and distribute the content of this web site, or any part thereof, provided that:such content is used for personal information purposes only;and such content is used for non-commercial purposes. You are expressly prohibited from incorporating any material of A24Group Limited proprietary material from this web site in any other work, publication or web site either of own or belonging to any third party;any reproduction of A24 Group Limited proprietary material from this web site or portion thereof must include this notice in its entirety.1.3 The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this web site are registered or in the registration process. Nothing contained on this web site should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trademark without the written permission of the owner thereof.2. Content2.1 This web site is only intended to provide general information regarding A24 Group Limited and its products and services and it is not intended to provide exhaustive treatment of any subject dealt with.2.2 The information in this web site including, without limitation, all research, opinions or other content is therefore not intended nor does it constitute financial, accounting, tax, legal, investment, consulting or other professional advice or services. Before making any decision or taking any action, which might affect your personal finances or business, you should consult your own professional advisors.2.3 This web site could include technical, typographical or other inaccuracies and you are urged to contact A24 Group Limited to confirm all information contained on these pages prior to placing reliance thereon. Changes are periodically made to the information herein and these changes will be incorporated in new editions of this web site. A24 Group Limited expressly reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to alter or amend any criteria or information set out in this web site without notice.3. No offerNo information or content contained on these pages should be construed as an offer by A24 Group Limited. All services offered by A24 Group Limited are subject to signature of the requisite application forms and other documentation relating thereto and are governed by the standard terms and conditions of A24 Group Limited in respect thereof and A24 Group Limited shall not be bound in any manner until a formal written agreement has been entered into. A24 Group Limited reserves the right to reject in its discretion any application submitted for services contained on this web site.4. Transmission of informationYour attention is drawn to the fact that information transmitted via the Internet, including without limitation e-mail, is susceptible to monitoring and interception. You are therefore discouraged from transmitting to A24 Group Limited any information, which may be confidential, proprietary or sensitive. You shall bear all risk of transmitting such information in this manner and under no circumstances will A24 Group Limited be liable for any loss, harm or damage suffered by you as a result thereof. A24 Group Limited reserves the right to request independent verification of any information transmitted via e-mail and you consent to such verification should A24 Group Limited deem it necessary.  5. Links to third party sitesA24 Group Limited may provide hypertext links to websites or A24 Group Limited on the Internet which are operated by third parties. Visitors are advised to use caution and discretion when searching or accessing such links. Under no circumstances does A24 Group Limited take responsibility for the content and/or services or products offered on third party websites or webpages that may be linked to this website and A24 Group Limited gives no warranty, guarantee and makes no representation in respect of such linked websites or webpages.6. DisclaimerThis web site and the information contained therein is provided "as is" and without warranty whether expressed or implied thereto. Without limiting the generality of the aforegoing:6.1 A24 Group Limited does not warrant that the web site or information will be error-free or will meet any particular criteria of accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, performance or quality. A24 Group Limited expressly disclaims all implied warranties, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy; and6.2 whilst A24 Group Limited has taken reasonable measures to ensure the integrity of this web site and its contents, no warranty, whether express or implied is given that any files, downloads or applications available via this web site are free of viruses, trojans, bombs, time-locks or any other data or code which has the ability to corrupt or affect the operation of your system. 7. Risk & no liabilityYour use of this web site and the information contained therein is entirely at your own risk and you assume full responsibility in respect of any loss or damage resulting from the use thereof. Neither A24 Group Limited, its affiliated companies, holding company, subsidiaries or subsidiaries of its holding company, or their officers, agents, consultants or employees shall be liable for any direct, consequential or indirect loss or damages suffered by a visitor or any other person relating to the use of this web site or the information contained therein. The visitor hereby indemnifies A24 Group Limited and its suppliers from and against any and all losses, liability, cost or damages suffered or incurred by a visitor or any other person arising out of or in connection with the use of the website or any other website which can be accessed from this website, however such loss or liability may occur, and whether such loss or liability is foreseeable, financial, personal, consequential, incidental or otherwise.8. EnforceabilityIf any of the foregoing is not fully enforceable for any reason, the remainder shall nonetheless continue to apply.9. LawWhere the service is delivered in England and Wales these terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law of England & Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England & Wales. Where the service is delivered in Scotland or Northern Ireland, these terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland or Northern Ireland and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. Where the service is delivered in South Africa these terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law of South Africa and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of South Africa. These terms and conditions will apply in respect of any disputes arising in connection with any of the services referred to herein, or these terms and conditions or any matter related to or in connection therewith.