https://www.podiatrycanada.org/about/about-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We are committed to providing our members with excellent service. CPMA membership requires that you provide information about yourself, so protection of your personal information is one of our highest priorities.
Respecting your right to privacy and safeguarding your personal information has always been important to CPMA. As a result of federal and provincial legislation, we have further strengthened our privacy commitment by informing you, through posting this policy, of why and how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information. We do not exchange or sell personal information about our members with third parties without your consent.
Why do we collect personal information?
When you make an inquiry by phone, email, website, or make a registration (membership, conference, training/certification program) through CPMA, we will ask you to provide us with personal information, such as your name, address, email address, demographic information, interests and preferences and other personal identifying information. We require this information to process your request and at times will also need to share this personal information with the relevant hotel, insurance provider and/or other involved third party.
When will we use your personal information?
We may use the information collected to contact our members through regular mail, email, or fax to alert them of new products, services or announcements. Demographic and personal information may be used to communicate specific services and promotions to you. You always have the option to “opt-out” and instruct us not to use your personal information beyond providing you with the product, information or service you requested.
For certain opt-in service, CPMA may collect profile information, as well as demographic information. This information will be used to communicate specific information to you based on your personal and demographic profile.
Should CPMA wish to use your personal information for a purpose not contemplated at the time of initial collection, such as additional services, products or promotional offers that may be of interest to you, we may use your contact information, including your email address, to ask for your consent to use your personal information for the new purpose.
Website Use
By using this website, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to allowing CPMA to process your personal information for the purpose stated above. This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that CPMA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. By using this site, you signify your assent to the CPMA Privacy Policy.
Sponsorship
CPMA obtains sponsorship from third party sources
Security and Safeguards
CPMA has in place standard security measures and procedures to ensure that your personal information is protected from the misuse and from unauthorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Personal information, whatever its form, will be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. The safeguards will protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Consent
We may obtain your express consent or we may determine that consent has been implied by the following circumstances:
We might ask you for your express consent in writing (for example, in a signed consent form).
We may ask for your express consent in person or over the telephone.
We may determine that by seeking CPMA-related information through our organization your consent has been implied for us to deal with your personal information in a reasonable manner.
There are also legal exceptions in which we will not need to obtain your consent or explain the proposed for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information. For example, this could apply when there is an emergency situation or if it is necessary for your protection or ours.
Limiting Collection
CPMA collects only the information that is necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell, share or divulge client information to unrelated third parties.
Accuracy of Personal Information
Personal information is kept as accurate, complete and up to date as necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. Individuals are encouraged to provide updates to their personal information as changes occur, to enable us to continue to provide services to them.
Opt-in and Opt-out Options
We take the issue of unwanted communication seriously and therefore provide the options to help assure and enforce the opt-in and opt-out nature of the service. Consent to opt-in is implied when a member requests information on specific CPMA opportunities, or by subscribing to the e-newsletter. Each e-newsletter message we send has an “unsubscribe” link. This gives the customer the option to be removed from the subscriber database so that they do not receive future mailings. Members who wish to later “opt-out” simply need to contact the Privacy Officer with this request. CPMA database system is programmed to remember that you have opted-out and prevents you from being mistakenly re-added to the subscriber list.
Contact Information and Resources
We are committed to treating you with respect and courtesy, and to providing you with the highest level of service. Please contact our Privacy Officer at the address below if you:
Wish to access your personal information
Wish to change your consent to the ways in which we may collect, use or disclose your personal information.
Have a complaint about our privacy policies, or the manner in which we’ve handled your personal information.
Have any other questions about our privacy policy.
We will respond to you promptly and do our utmost to resolve your concerns.
Contact the CPMA Office at info@podiatrycanada.org