https://www.cincinnatieye.com/conditions-treatments/conditions/conjunctivitis/
Search for:
COVID-19 SAFETY PROTOCOL
Learn More
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
Search
Search
Contact Us
Home
About
Careers
Clinical Research
Research Volunteers for Clinical Trials
Clinical Research Team
Research Department Contact Information
Fellowship Programs
Current CEI Fellows
CEI Cornea Fellowship
CEI Glaucoma Fellowship
CEI Retina Fellowship
Introduction
Surgical Experience
Call Schedule
Rotation and Clinical Responsibilities
Salary and Benefits
Application and Interviews
Fellowship Faculty and Alumni
Testimonials
CEI Blog
CEI Doctors
Specialties
Cataract Surgery
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Diabetic Eye Care
Dry Eye Disease
Face & Eye
Glaucoma
Hearing Services
Neuro Ophthalmology
Retinal Diseases
Urgent Ophthalmology
Vision Correction Options
Patient Information
FAQs
Online Bill Pay
Financial Information
Patient Portal
Request an Appointment
HIPAA Privacy Policies
COVID-19 Safety Protocol
Referring Doctors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Telehealth Visits
Book an Appointment
Home
Comprehensive Eye Care
/
Conjunctivitis (Pink Eye) Treatment
Conjunctivitis (Pink Eye) Treatment
Conjunctivitis, commonly referred to as pink eye, is an infection or inflammation of the conjunctiva, the membrane that lines the eyelid and covers the white part of the eyeball. The inflammation affects the blood vessels in the eye and gives the eye a pink or red appearance.
Book an Appointment
Find A Doctor
Locations
Last Updated: November 9, 2020
Pink eye can be caused by either a bacterial or viral infection, an allergic reaction, a foreign object in the eye or a blocked tear duct. Pink eye can be contagious, so proper diagnosis and prompt treatment are important.
Symptoms of Conjunctivitis
The most common symptoms of pink eye include:
Redness in one or both eyes
Itchiness in one or both eyes
A discharge that may become crusty overnight
Excessive tearing
A feeling of grittiness in the eye
Pink eye can be highly contagious, for up to several weeks after signs and symptoms have begun. Prompt treatment can protect others from becoming infected with the bacteria that causes pink eye.
Diagnosis of Conjunctivitis
Conjunctivitis is often easily diagnosed by examining the eyes and reviewing the related symptoms. A sample of eye secretions may be sent to a lab for further testing if the conjunctivitis seems severe.
Treatment of Conjunctivitis
Treatment for pink eye depends on the cause of the conjunctivitis. Bacterial conjunctivitis treatment often includes prescribed antibiotic eye drops or ointment. There is no treatment for viral conjunctivitis and the symptoms eventually ease over time as the virus clears. However, if the cause of the viral conjunctivitis is the herpes simplex virus, antiviral medication may be prescribed. If the cause of the conjunctivitis is allergies, it may be treated with antihistamines to control allergic reactions or decongestants, steroids and anti-inflammatory drops to treat inflammation.
Schedule an Appointment
Contact us to schedule an appointment.
Contact Us
The
doctors at Cincinnati Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed the content on this site.
Call
Appointments
Search