https://www.additudemag.com/category/adhd-add/related-conditions/autism-spectrum-disorder/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD & Symptom Tests
ADHD Comorbidities & Related Conditions
You’ve always felt different, but didn’t know why. An autism spectrum disorder (ASD) diagnosis can...
Behaviors associated with autism spectrum disorder can look a lot like ADHD. Here’s an overview of...
Could your child with ADHD also have autism spectrum disorder (ASD)? Or was the original diagnosis...
Non-medical interventions are the treatment of choice for autism spectrum disorder, but medication...
Understanding key differences between the social challenges of ADHD and autism is often the key to...
Autism can cause challenging behaviors in children, and parents need to implement consistent...
With all the behavioral therapies for autism, parents may feel at a loss. Start here to understand...
It can be hard — if not impossible — to tell where ADHD ends, and where autism or anxiety begins....
New research finds differences in the way young children with autism moves their hands while...
Too many doctors are clueless about ADHD signs, symptoms, and treatment. In this free download, learn...
An autism diagnosis can bring denial, confusion, or — in some cases — relief. But in order to move...
After son Jimmy started head banging when he was upset or stressed, this mom turned to applied...
In this hour-long webinar-on-demand, learn how to help kids with ADHD and ASD overcome social...
New guidelines have caused the medical community to rule out using "Asperger Syndrome" to describe...
A majority of people ADHD also have a second condition — like learning disabilities, mood disorders,...
Show More Stories
Free Newsletter
Sign Up
for our newsletter
Email Address
Sign Up
Read These Next
When to Consider Medical Supports for Autism
Non-medical interventions are the best choice for treating autism. But sometimes, medication can be used to...
Autism Resources for Uncertain Times: Pandemic Coping Skills for Adults with ASD
Autism resources for adults with ASD during the pandemic must offer coping skills that are both effective and...
Is It Just ADHD? Comorbidities That Unlock an Accurate Mental Health Diagnosis
For patients with attention deficit, a mental health diagnosis almost always includes an ADHD comorbidity as...
More Articles Recommended For You
Understanding and Managing Autism and Anxiety in Adults
Comorbid Considerations Q&A: Treating Bipolar Disorder, Depression, Anxiety, or Autism Alongside ADHD
What is Social Communication Disorder?
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions