http://www.ahrq.gov/policy/electronic/plain-writing/index.html
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Topics
Programs
Research
Data
Tools
Funding & Grants
News
About
Browse Topics
Topics A-Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Priority Populations
Children/Adolescents
Elderly
Low-Income
Racial/Ethnic Minorities
Rural/Inner-City Residents
Special Healthcare Needs
Women
Programs
Featured
Clinicians & Providers
Data & Measures
Education & Training
Digital Healthcare Research
Hospitals & Health Systems
Prevention & Chronic Care
Quality & Patient Safety
Research
Publications & Products
AHRQ Publishing and Communications Guidelines
Search Publications
Research Findings & Reports
EPC Evidence-Based Reports
Fact Sheets
Full Research Reports
Making Healthcare Safer Report
Quality & Disparities Reports
Technology Assessment Program
AHRQ Research Studies
Quality and Disparities Report
Latest available findings on quality of and access to health care
Data
Data Sources Available from AHRQ
Data Infographics
Data Visualizations
All-Payer Claims Database
Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP)
Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS)
MONAHRQ
Quality Indicator Tools for Data Analytics
State Snapshots
United States Health Information Knowledgebase
Tools
Featured
Clinicians & Providers
Hospitals & Health Systems
Prevention & Chronic Care
Quality & Patient Safety
Funding & Grants
Funding Opportunity Announcements
Research Policies
Funding Opportunities Announcement Guidance
AHRQ Grants Policy Notices
AHRQ Informed Consent & Authorization Toolkit for Minimal Risk Research
HHS Grants Policy Statement
Federal Regulations & Authorities
Federal Register Notices
Public Access to Federally Funded Research
Protection of Human Subjects
Funding Priorities
Special Emphasis Notices
Staff Contacts
Training & Education Funding
Grant Application, Review & Award Process
Grant Application Basics
Application Forms
Application Deadlines & Important Dates
AHRQ Tips for Grant Applicants
Grant Mechanisms & Descriptions
Application Receipt & Review
Study Sections for Scientific Peer Review
Award Process
Post-Award Grant Management
AHRQ Grantee Profiles
Getting Recognition for Your AHRQ-Funded Study
Grants by State
No-Cost Extensions (NCEs)
Contracts
AHRQ Grants by State
Searchable database of AHRQ Grants, Working Papers & HHS Recovery Act Projects
PCOR
AHRQ Projects funded by the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Trust Fund.
News
Newsroom
Press Releases
AHRQ Social Media
AHRQ Stats
Impact Case Studies
Blog
AHRQ Views
Newsletter
AHRQ News Now
Events
AHRQ Research Summit on Diagnostic Safety
AHRQ Research Summit on Learning Health Systems
National Advisory Council Meetings
AHRQ Research Conferences
About
About AHRQ
Profile
Mission and Budget
AHRQ's Core Competencies
AHRQ at 20
Job Opportunities
Maps and Directions
Other AHRQ Web Sites
Other HHS Agencies
Organization & Contacts
Centers and Offices
Organization Chart
Key Contacts
Careers
Contact Us
Español
FAQs
Home
Policies
Web Site Policies
Plain Language at AHRQ
SHARE:
More topics in this section
Policies
Policies
AHRQ Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Web Site Policies
Accessibility
Web Site Disclaimers
Linking to the AHRQ Web Site
Plain Language at AHRQ
AHRQ Privacy Policy Notice
AHRQ Privacy Program
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Social Media Standards and Policies
Limited English Proficiency (LEP)
Plain Language at AHRQ
The Plain Writing Act of 2010 requires federal agencies to write clear Government communication that the public can understand and use. This page explains what plain language is and how the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) is implementing the Act.
What is Plain Language?
Plain language uses grammatically correct, complete sentences and uses the right words to convey information.
It tells a reader exactly what he or she needs to know without using extra words.
It uses common, everyday words, except when technical terms are necessary.
It uses:
Personal pronouns.
The active voice.
Logical organization.
Design features, such as bullets and tables.
For tips on creating plain language documents, see the section on "How can I tell if a document is in plain language?"
What is the Plain Writing Act?
President Barack Obama signed the The Plain Writing Act of 2010 on October 13, 2010 (PDF File, 124.57 KB). The Act requires federal agencies to write "clear Government communication that the public can understand and use." The President also emphasized the importance of establishing "a system of transparency, public participation, and collaboration" in his January 21, 2009, Memorandum on Transparency and Open Government.
How does the Act affect AHRQ?
Part of AHRQ's mission is to provide Americans with health information that people can easily understand. The Plain Writing Act requires AHRQ to use plain language when the agency develops materials for the public. AHRQ is committed to using plain language and complying with Federal Plain Language Guidelines in all new documents written for the public, other government entities, and its workers.
We have trained our employees on plain language principles and have assigned a staff member to ensure we comply with the Plain Writing Act:
Randie Siegel (Randie.Siegel@ahrq.hhs.gov).
How can you help?
Let us know (https://info.ahrq.gov/) if you have trouble understanding our documents or the pages on our Web site.
How can I tell if a document is in plain language?
Writers who use plain language:
Engage the reader.
Consider who the reader is.
Consider what the reader needs to know.
Organize content to answer the reader's questions.
Write for the appropriate reading level.
Write clearly.
Choose the correct word:
Use common words.
Use personal pronouns, such as "you."
Use "must" not "shall."
Avoid using undefined technical terms.
Use positive rather than negative words.
Avoid using gender-specific terminology.
Avoid long strings of nouns.
Choose the correct verb forms:
Use active voice.
Use action verbs.
Use the present tense.
Choose the correct structure:
Use parallel construction.
Be direct.
Display material correctly.
Attractive documents are more likely to keep your reader's attention. Appearance can also improve a reader's understanding and retention of the information. There are four main aspects of appearance:
Organization.
Strong, logical organization includes an introduction followed by short sentences and paragraphs.
Introduction.
In long documents, use an introduction and a table of contents to show how a document is organized.
Short sentences and paragraphs.
Sentence length should average 15 to 20 words.
Each paragraph should contain only one topic.
A series of paragraphs may be used to express complex or technical information.
Layout.
Layout includes margins, headings, and white space.
Provide white space between sections to break up text and to make it easier for readers to understand.
Use headings.
A question-and-answer format can be helpful.
Tables.
Tables make complex information more understandable.
Tables can help the reader see relationships more easily.
They may require fewer words than straight text.
Typography:
Typography relates to fonts and typographical elements used for emphasis, such as bullets or italics.
Evaluate documents.
Review, or have someone else review, the document for:
Correct spelling, grammar, and punctuation.
Dates, page numbering, and consistency.
Visual appeal.
Consistency and effectiveness of layout and typography.
Line breaks that inadvertently separate part of a name or date in a way that reduces clarity.
Use the Patient Education Materials Assessment Tool (PEMAT) to assess whether readers whether patients will be able to understand and act on information.
Where Can I Learn More?
Department of Health & Human Services (HHS) Plain Writing Planhttps://www.hhs.gov/open/recordsandreports/plainwritingact/index.html
National Institutes of Health (NIH) Plain Language Traininghttps://plainlanguage.nih.gov/CBTs/PlainLanguage/login.asp
Plain Language at Office of Personnel Management (OPM)https://www.opm.gov/PlainLanguage/#tips
Plain Language.govhttps://www.plainlanguage.gov/
Toolkit for Making Written Material Clear and Effective HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)https://www.cms.gov/WrittenMaterialsToolkit/
Health Literacy Onlinehttps://health.gov/healthliteracyonline/
Page last reviewed January 2016
Page originally created March 2012
Internet Citation: Plain Language at AHRQ. Content last reviewed January 2016. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Rockville, MD.
https://www.ahrq.gov/policy/electronic/plain-writing/index.html
Back to Top