https://www.actionforhealthykids.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyAction for Healthy Kids® provides the following privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Action for Healthy Kids® may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and to reflect changes on our Site. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly because your use of the Site signifies that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.a. Collection of Personal Information. Action for Healthy Kids® may ask for information about our users at the point of registration. Such information may include name, age, education level, gender, e-mail address, zip code and areas of interest. This information tells us about the types of people (e.g., volunteers vs. school health personnel) who use the Site, allows us to verify a user’s identity and helps us tailor the Site to our audience.b. Use of Personally Identifiable Information. Action for Healthy Kids® will not sell or otherwise transfer or disclose personally identifiable information to third parties without the user’s prior consent except as may be required by federal, state or local law, or by exigent circumstances. That means that we will not disclose your name, e-mail address, street address or phone number without your consent. We may use your personally identifiable information to compile and display content and information that we think you might be interested in. We also may use your profile information on an aggregate basis — without personal identifiers — to develop and display new features and content for the Site, and to provide others with aggregate information about our users and the usage patterns of the Site. We also may perform statistical analyses of user behavior (on an aggregate basis) in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site.c. Disclosure of Donor Information. Action for Healthy Kids will not trade, sell, or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else. We will not send mailings on behalf of unaffiliated organizations unless the donor has given permission to do so.d. Retention of User Information. It is not possible for a user to delete his or her profile from our database; nor is it feasible to delete all traces of a user’s activity in the system. Messages posted to bulletin boards are examples of user activities that are not feasible to delete.e. Voluntary Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information on Bulletin Boards, News Groups and Chat Rooms, and other Interactive Areas (collectively “Interactive Areas”). Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (for example, user name, e-mail address) on an Interactive Area of the Site, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user’s communication, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and Action for Healthy Kids® is not responsible for the discoverability of any user’s identity by methods beyond our control.f. Cookie Technology. Action for Healthy Kids® collects non-personal identification information through the use of “cookie” technology and/or Internet Protocol (“IP”) address tracking. Cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users and facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site. Non-personal identification information might include the browser used by the user, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers and other similar information. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas the user visits on the Site and about the links the user may select from within the Site to other sites.Action for Healthy Kids® cannot control the use of cookies by third parties displaying data on the Site or whose sites a user visits or links to from the Site. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set yours to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.g. Password Protected Areas. Action for Healthy Kids® does not warrant or represent that the information you submit to the Site will be protected against loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. You are responsible for taking all steps to ensure that no other person has access to your password or account. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of your password; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your password; and (3) promptly inform us of any need to deactivate your user name or password. You hereby agree to permit Action for Healthy Kids® and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Site to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store and use your information in connection with the operation of the Site. Action for Healthy Kids® does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information submitted by you to the Site or for your or third parties’ use or misuse of information transmitted or received through the Site.h. Links to other sites. Users will find information from or about Action for Healthy Kids® Sponsors or other content on the Site that enable linking to the sites of Sponsors and other third parties. These third party sites may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. The Action for Healthy Kids® Privacy Policy does not apply to such other sites. Action for Healthy Kids® has no control over and is not responsible for the content displayed on such sites, nor over the measures, if any, that are taken by such sites to protect the privacy of user information. Users should check the privacy policy of any third party site before providing personally identifiable information.i. Security of Information. Action for Healthy Kids® is committed to keeping user information secure, and uses industry standard technology in an attempt to achieve that goal.j. Release of Information to Comply with Legal Requirements or Government Request. Action for Healthy Kids® reserves the right at all times to disclose any information uploaded to or appearing on the Site to the extent necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request.k. Removal of Information and Termination of Usage. Action for Healthy Kids® reserves the right, but does not assume any responsibility, to (1) remove from the Site any material posted by you which Action for Healthy Kids®, in its sole discretion, deems inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions; and/or (2) terminate your access to all or part of the Site. However, Action for Healthy Kids® can neither review all material prior to transmission on the website nor ensure prompt action with respect to objectionable material after it is transmitted on the Site. Accordingly, Action for Healthy Kids® assumes no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or other content that is provided by third parties. Action for Healthy Kids® reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of users of the Site and the public, however, it has no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities in this paragraph.l. Parental Permission. Action for Healthy Kids® does not intend that children will use the Site. USERS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE MUST OBTAIN PARENTAL PERMISSION TO USE THE SITE. Adults should not assist unauthorized children to access the Site. Action for Healthy Kids® will not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors under 18 years of age.We welcome your comments and questions. All comments and questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to web site manager by email at marketing@actionforhealthykids.org.Stay in TouchWant news, tips, resources, and more from AFHK? Sign up today to see how you can be a part of the movement to get every kid healthy.
Sign UpGive the gift of a healthy future.It’s the intangible gifts—the coping skills, the opportunities to play, the love for cooking—that set kids up for a healthy, safe, and fulfilling adulthood, so please support our work.
Donate Now