http://www.rhinoplasty.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information. Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using this site. This site is intended for residents of the United Kingdom only.
Who we are
We are The Nose Clinic which offers medical and surgical care relating to the nose and face. Our main address is St Mary’s House, 6A Pewley Way, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 3PY where we run the majority of our clinics or 152 Harley Street, London, W1G 7LH.
This policy covers the use of data by The Nose Clinic.
You can contact us at the Guildford address above or by email at info@thenoseclinic.co.uk
How do we collect information?
The patients contact us by the contact form on the website or by telephoning the clinic directly. We use the information given to us to initially to contact you to make an appointment at The Nose Clinic. This is usually via email or telephone.
We collect information from your referring General Practitioner, a relative, a referral from another medical professional, a medical insurance company.
What do we do with your data?
Primarily we use the data you provide enable us to provide you with medical care. We use your email address or telephone to communicate with you. We have a legal obligation to keep this data for eight years. However, we usually keep this longer as some patients return to us for continuing care.
Sharing data
We do not share your data with any marketing companies/agencies.
We may need to share your details with Mount Alvernia Hospital, your General Practitioner, any other medical professional involved in your care, our medical indemnity organisation and any medical insurance company if relevant.
Your consent
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
About children
This site is not intended for children. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via this site from visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the internet and the information they disclose to websites.
Information you provide
This site does not collect any personally identifiable information.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through a website, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies, internet tags and navigational data collection.
Please read the Cookie Policy for detailed information about cookies and other tracking technologies used on our website. In this policy you will also find information on how to disable any cookies and tracking technologies if you do not agree with their use. If you do not disable any cookies or other tracking technologies we will infer your consent to their use.
Use and disclosure of information
Except as otherwise stated, we do not collect any personal information on this website.
Security
This site takes reasonable steps to protect information on our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. You should keep in mind that no internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, emails sent to or from this site may not be secure.
Links to other websites
This site may contain links or references to other websites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, or if you would like to opt out of future communications, please contact us as follows:
Phone: 020 7118 3553
Or write to:
St Mary’s House,
6A Pewley Way,
Guildford, Surrey
GU1 3PY
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the way we use your data, please contact us at info@thenoseclinic.co.uk
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information.
Latest Insights
Types of Rhinoplasty
The Difficulties Of Piezo
Correcting An Over-Projected Nose
Correcting An Under-Projected Nose
Reasons For A Secondary Rhinoplasty
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookies PolicyACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.