http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-aids/medicare-cover
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
21
www.HealthyHearing.com
A doctor holding a sign asking if Medicare covers hearing aids.
Unfortunately, when it comes to vision, dental and hearing care, traditional Medicare doesn't offer much coverage for older adults.
Check with your plan provider to see what
kind of hearing coverage you have, if any.
If you have supplemental insurance, however, it may pay for some or all of these services, depending on your plan.
What is Medicare?
Medicare is a federal health insurance program that covers people who are 65 or older, as well as younger people with disabilities or serious diseases. However, Medicare does not cover all costs of medical services, which is where the rules get tricky. There are a number of factors affecting coverage, so it is imperative you take the different kinds of coverage available into consideration.
Are hearing aids covered by Medicare?
No. Medicare is very clear about this on their website:
"Medicare doesn't cover hearing aids or exams for fitting hearing aids. You pay 100% for hearing aids and exams. Some Medicare Advantage Plans (Part C) offer extra benefits that Original Medicare doesn’t cover - like vision, hearing, or dental. Contact the plan for more information."
What about Medicaid?
This depends on your age and your state of residence. All children with hearing loss who are on Medicaid can receive hearing care and hearing aids, anywhere in the U.S. For adults, though, Medicaid coverage for hearing care depends on what state you're in. This page contains state-by-state coverage information for adults.
Does Medicare cover hearing tests?
In some cases, yes, but only if recommended by your primary care doctor or another physician. In other words, you can't go to a hearing clinic without a referral and expect Medicare to pay for it.
Here's how Medicare explains hearing exam coverage: "Medicare Part B (Medical Insurance) covers diagnostic hearing and balance exams if your doctor or other health care provider orders them to see if you need medical treatment. You pay 20% of the Medicare-approved amount for your doctor's services for covered exams, and the Part B deductible applies. Medicare doesn’t cover hearing exams, hearing aids, or exams for fitting hearing aids."
Why doesn't Medicare cover hearing care?
As this clinical review explains, "The Medicare Act of 1965 statutorily excluded coverage of hearing aids under the premise that they were 'routinely needed and low in cost,' suggesting that consumers would be responsible for their purchase." Also, at the time, many seniors didn't live as long as they do today, and so fewer people had age-related hearing loss. There also was little understanding of how important it is to treat hearing loss to reduce depression and social isolation.
Will coverage on hearing aids change?
Over the years, many organizations and lawmakers have tried to update Medicare to cover vision, hearing and dental costs for seniors.
Many people would like to see Medicare evolve to cover dental, vision and hearing care. A Commonwealth Fund report details the financial and health burdens these gaps place on older adults. The report said:
"Among Medicare beneficiaries, 75 percent of people who needed a hearing aid did not have one; 70 percent of people who had trouble eating because of their teeth did not go to the dentist in the past year; and 43 percent of people who had trouble seeing did not have an eye exam in the past year."
However, so far, no one has been successful at getting changes made to this part of Medicare coverage. In the summer of 2019, several U.S. representatives introduced H.R. 4056, a bill that would require Medicare to pay for certain audiological services. Time will tell if this bill gets passed.
What do all the Medicare 'parts' mean?
Here's a breakdown:
Medicare Part A: Hospital insurance
Hospital care
Nursing home care
Hospice
Home health services
Skilled nurse facility care
Medicare Part B: Medical insurance
Medicare Part B covers two types of services: medically necessary and preventative services. Preventative services include early detection of an illness. Most of these services are provided at no cost for people with Part B coverage.
Ambulance services
Durable medical equipment
Inpatient, outpatient and partial hospitalization for mental illness
Seeing a second doctor before surgery
Some outpatient prescription drugs
Clinical research
Medicare Part C: Medicare Advantage Plans
This plan is a healthcare option that is run by a private insurance company under contract with Medicare. The Advantage Plan usually includes coverage of all parts of Medicare. In some cases, the private insurer may pay for hearing exams. You should check with your plan provider if you have Part C coverage. If you also have supplemental coverage not related to Part C, again you should check with your provider.
Medicare Part D: Drug plan coverage
Medicare prescription drug plans each have a list of available medications. The drugs are separated into different tiers based on your out-of-pocket costs for each. Drugs that are listed in the lower tiers will cost you less than a drug in a higher tier. The drug plans have specific coverage rules laid out that need to be considered as well.
What other items are not covered by Medicare?
Besides hearing aids and fitting exams, there are many other medical expenses not paid for by Medicare. They include:
Foot care
Cosmetic surgery
Dental care
Eye care
Dentures
Acupuncture
Long-term or custodial care
What about screenings covered by Medicare?
Medicare covers screening services and preventative tests under the Medicare Part B plan. These include shots for flu, hepatitis B and pneumococcal. In addition, it will cover a yearly wellness visit.
Other services covered by Medicare:
Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening
Bone mass measurements
Cardiovascular disease screenings and behavioral therapy
Cervical and vaginal cancer screenings
Diabetes screenings and self-management training
Glaucoma tests
HIV screenings
Mammograms
Prostate cancer screenings
Sexually transmitted disease screenings and counseling
Medicare Part B also covers health screenings for alcohol abuse, obesity, nutrition therapy and depression.
How to apply for Medicare
For convenience, you can apply for Medicare on the Social Security website. You can use the online form to sign up for Medicare coverage, even if you are not ready to retire.
Medicare and other insurance
If you have questions about hearing loss and how to pay for hearing aid services, a hearing healthcare professional in your area may be able to help you.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing aids / Medicare
Related topics
Health benefits Types and styles Technology Wireless Bluetooth Fitting Reviews and comparisons Prices Insurance & financial assistance AARP hearing care program VA Cleaning Repairs Batteries Accessories Children Cochlear implants Bone-anchored hearing systems Used hearing aids Hearing aid manufacturers
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
AARP hearing care program
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!