http://www.tlm-ni.org/privacy-policy
×
Donate
Home
What we do
How you can help
Resources
Contact
Shop
News
SCOT
ENG & WLS
INT
Donate
We use cookies to make your experience of our website better. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Ok, I agree Find out more
Privacy Policy
Home
Current:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland is part of a global fellowship committed to supporting leprosy-affected people around the globe. We are a registered charity in Northern Ireland (No: NIC 106322) and we are also a Company Limited by Guarantee, registered in Northern Ireland (No: NI 640401).
The Leprosy Mission values everyone who engages with us by whatever means and we seek to do all we can to protect your privacy and to make sure that the personal data you provide is kept safe. This Privacy Policy explains what to expect when The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland collects and uses your personal information. We want to make sure that you are aware of how we use the information you give us about yourself (your data), and what to do if you have any questions or concerns.
If you’d like to learn more about our Data Protection and Privacy Policies or get further clarification, please contact us:
Address:           The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland                           2a Queens Road                           Lisburn                                BT27 4TZTelephone:         028 9262 9500Email:                info@tlm-ni.org
Our Promise
The Leprosy Mission is committed to respecting your privacy and ensuring that the personal data you have entrusted to us is collected and processed in accordance with the General Data Protection regulations that come into force in May 2018. These regulations are intended to strengthen your rights to give you control over the personal information that organisations hold about you.
Select the links to read more:
How we collect personal information
We will collect the information that you decide to share when communicating with us. This could be when you make a donation, buy some goods, or sign-up to volunteer, receive emails or newsletters. We collect this so that we can communicate with you in the future. We won’t go looking for personal information, such as your personal telephone number, if you haven’t provided this. We may use the Royal Mail’s postcode finder or the electoral roll to check the accuracy of the address we hold.
We collect general information about visitors to our website using cookies, including which web pages they look at and for how long. This helps us to make our website better and more relevant for visitors.  This information is anonymous and cannot be used to identify people.  Please see our Cookies policy for more information. We take a similar approach with the emails we send, tracking how many are opened, and how many people click through to our website.  This helps us make our emails better and hopefully more enjoyable for you.
We also receive information about you when you interact with third-parties with whom we work:
If you make a donation through your church and provide your personal information (e.g. your name and address) we will collect this so that we can thank you personally, process Gift Aid where applicable, and send you further information and opportunities to donate.
If you make a donation through a third-party website (such as CAF or Charity Choice) and have given them permission to share your details with us we will collect these to thank you and send you further information and appeals.
Data qualification
From time to time we may compare the data we hold to nationally-held registers which provide information about when people are deceased or have moved home. It’s important to keep the information we hold accurate and up to date and this helps to ensure we don’t waste money sending information to people who have moved away.
The personal information we collect
We may ask you for certain pieces of information to ensure we communicate with you in an appropriate way and only send you relevant information about the work of The Leprosy Mission. This includes:
Personal identifiers such as your title, name and year of birth (to verify that you are 18 years or over and also to take appropriate care when engaging with older supporters).
Contact details including postal address, postcode, email and telephone number.
Financial information such as your bank details: e.g. supporters who engage as regular donors.
Whether you are a UK tax payer.
The church or event location where you may have registered your interest in the work of The Leprosy Mission.
Records of your contact with The Leprosy Mission.
Your interests, views and opinions in surveys to ensure that we are providing the most appropriate types of information for your supporter engagement.
Sensitive personal data
Data Protection regulations recognise some information as ‘sensitive personal data’ or ‘special category data’. This includes, but is not limited to, information which reveals your health issues, race or ethnic origin or your religious beliefs.
The Leprosy Mission is a Christ-centred organisation, ministering the compassion and love of Jesus to all those it serves. As such we may collect details about your church affiliations in order for us to understand and develop local church relations that help us further our charitable purposes.
When you share personal information with us we will keep it confidential within The Leprosy Mission and ensure that we process and treat such sensitive personal data with the greatest of care and in accordance with the current Data Protection regulations.
What we use your information for
We aim to make it as easy as possible for you to understand what we do with the information that you share with us.  We will use the information you provide in the following ways:
We will send you information about the work of The Leprosy Mission which you are making possible through your gifts and prayers, and communicate with you in the best way for you. This includes general information about our work, news, appeals, campaigns, information on volunteering and prayer requests. We want to make sure we are sending you information that you are likely to be interested in.
We will make you aware of the further needs of leprosy-affected people, giving you the opportunity to pray, make further donations or purchase goods. We know that not every person can give to every appeal, but fundraising appeals also give you the opportunity to pray in response to specific needs. We will look at information about how you like to support our work to make sure we are sending you relevant information in the best way for you.
We will invite you to events that you may be interested in attending. We will look at the information we hold about you to make sure that you are invited to events that may appeal to you and are within a reasonable travelling distance.
We will send you information you have asked for, or provide you with the goods or services you have requested.
To reclaim tax on Gift Aid.
We will also use the information you give us to process any donations you make and to thank you.
You have the right to change your mailing preferences or to ask us not to contact you again.  You can do this by simply contacting us using the details set out above.
Who we share your information with
At times, your information may be stored on computers in the USA rather than the EU.  Under the General Data Protection Regulation, any data transferred to a third country will only be authorised if the said third country provides an adequate level of protection.
The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland is part of The Leprosy Mission International, a fellowship of 28 countries. It also has a wholly owned subsidiary, The Leprosy Mission Trading Ltd. We will not share personal information outside of that group of organisations. The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland is committed to ensuring that its overseas partners have adequate levels of data protection safeguards when processing your personal information and we will only allow data to be processed outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) if those safeguards are in place.
We sometimes use other companies to help us, for example, to mail out a newsletter, but we only provide these companies with enough information so they can do this piece of work, and we have a legally binding contract with them.
We promise to make all reasonable efforts to keep your details secure and will only share them with companies working on our behalf. Except as required by law, we will never share your details with other organisations to use for their own purposes.
Marketing permissions
We love to keep supporters updated on how they are helping leprosy-affected people regain health and dignity. The lawful basis for our processing of your data is called ‘legitimate interest’ – it means that you have shown your support for our work and it is reasonable for us to think you will wish to hear more.
Emails: We will ask you for your permission to contact you by email for marketing purposes.
Telephone: We may contact you by telephone to thank you or to ask for your support or help. If your number is registered with Telephone Preference Service we will only call you if you have given us permission to do so.
Postal: We send information about The Leprosy Mission by mail unless you have told us that you would prefer not to receive such information by post.
We will only send you communications you would reasonably expect or have agreed to. If you wish to change the way you hear from us, or what we send you, or if you do not wish to receive any further communications from us, you can contact us on 029 9262 9500 or by emailing info@tlm-ni.org
Your information rights and choices
Data regulations give you the right to:
Request in writing, and securely obtain copies of, the personal information The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland holds about you.
Correct or update your personal information processed by The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland.
Request The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland to stop using your personal information for marketing purposes or for any other purpose where there is no legitimate requirement for continued processing.
Request that any information we hold in relation to you is to be removed from our databases. We will be obliged to remove all instances of your personal data unless there is a competing reason to retain the data.
To know about the cookies The Leprosy Mission uses, so that you can decide whether to give us permission to store a cookie on your device.  Please see the Cookies policy for more information.
Sharing feedback or concernsPlease do contact us if you ever wish to raise a concern about The Leprosy Mission’s handling of your personal information or feedback to us anything that you think we have done well.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office about how we manage your data, www.ico.org.uk
As noted above, you are free to unsubscribe at any time.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Cookies help to identify your computer, not you and collects information in an aggregate, anonymous way. The Leprosy Mission uses cookies to enable our website to function well as visitors browse the site so that they will have a useful and informative visit. We also use cookies to improve our website and marketing campaigns. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site. For further information, please see our Cookies Policy. By continued use of the website, you signify that you understand the terms of our cookies policy and agree to their use.
External links
The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland’s website contains links to websites operated by other organisations under different privacy policies. Should you choose one of those links, you will be leaving our website and this Privacy Policy will no longer apply.
Credit or debit card donations
In order to make a donation online, you will need to give us certain personal information. Our website uses a secure SSL connection to encrypt and process your card details and we will need certain personal information: name, email address, telephone number, address, credit card type, number, expiry date and CVV value. We store your contact details in our customer database, but we do not store your full credit card details nor share our supporter details with any third parties. Online donations are also subject to Blackbaud Merchant Services policy which can be accessed on their website www.blackbaud.com
Changes to this privacy policy
The Leprosy Mission will review this privacy policy regularly and may update it at any time if there are changes in the law or how we operate. If there are any significant changes in the way we process your personal information, we will send you a notification and provide a prominent notice on our website.
The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland, 2a Queens Road, Lisburn BT27 4TZ
Tel 028 9262 9500 Email info@tlm-ni.org www.tlm-ni.org
Registered Charity No: NIC106322 A Company Limited by Guarantee registered in Northern Ireland No: NI640401
Share this Page
Sign up to receive InTouch, our FREE magazine
Sign Up