http://www.centerofhealth.com/privacy/
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterLinkedIn
Search for:
About UsThe CenterMedical ServicesOur PhysicianFAQ’sTestimonialsOur StoreArticlesPatient PortalContact UsOur FocusPediatric Special Needs ASD/PDDPediatric MedicineAnti-Aging and Preventive Health CareEnvironmental MedicineHyperbaric (HBOT) MedicineEat Well & Get Healthy with Tasty FoodArticlesNewsletterContact UsContactWhere to stay,
Hotels in Corvallis
Privacy Policy
Search for:
Privacy PolicyDr. Alan Kadish, NMD2019-09-01T17:06:57-07:00
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
The Center of Health is located at:
Center of Health
985 NW 23rd Street
Corvallis , Oregon 97330
541-773-3191
It is the Center of Health’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to www.CenterofHealth.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “www.CenterofHealth.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Center of Health collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Center of Health’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Center of Health’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Center of Health may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Center of Health also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://CenterofHealth.com blog posts. Center of Health only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Center of Health’s websites choose to interact with Center of Health in ways that require Center of Health to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Center of Health gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for notifications of new medical information and blog forwarding at https://CenterofHealth.com to provide a username, desired subjects, and other information including but not limited to their email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Center of Health and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
The CenterofHealth.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
The CenterofHealth.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Center of Health discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Center of Health’s behalf or to provide services available at Center of Health’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Center of Health’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Center of Health will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Center of Health discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Center of Health believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Center of Health, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of CenterofHealth.com and have supplied your email address, the Center of Health may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the Center of Health and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Center of Health takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Center of Health may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Center of Health may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Center of Health does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Affiliate Disclosure
This site may use affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, the Center of Health uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Center of Health uses cookies to help Center of Health identify and track visitors, their usage of https://CenterofHealth.com, and their website access preferences. Center of Health visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Center of Health’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Center of Health’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Center of Health’s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Center of Health – by purchasing Center of Health’s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, the Center of Health collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Center of Health. The Center of Health does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Center of Health may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Center of Health’s sole discretion. Center of Health encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
GDPR Compliance
You may close your Center of Health account at anytime, and request that we remove all of your information and data associated with the account, and we will delete it in it’s entirely.
You may opt-out of our marketing emails and product updates at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” or by sending an email to remove@centerofhealth.com.
You may access and update your Center of Health account settings at any time, or send us an email at any time requesting we update your information.
Credit & Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
FacebookTwitterLinkedIn
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Search for:
Go to Top