https://www.wgm247.com/cookiespolicy/cookiespolicy.html
Website Cookies Policy
How we use cookies:
Here's more detail on the cookies used on this site as at 30th May 2018. We will update this information as and when we introduce new functionality to the site.
Like most websites, this website uses cookies to capture certain information about the site's users.  Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
If you continue to use this site without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website. However, if you would like general information about cookies and how to disable them, please visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org.  To prevent Google Analytics cookies being set, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.
When you visit this website we may or may not:
- Use the Facebook, Twitter, Linked In and Add This tools, those sites set a variety of cookies.
- set Google Analytics cookies to measure the number of visitors, to see how visitors navigate the site and to see which resources they access. This helps us to develop new content and to improve the way the website works;
Item
Cookies
Purpose
More
Information
AddThis
di
dt
loc
psc
uid
__atuvc
uit*
Features for sharing via social media (Facebook,
Twitter etc). AddThis track visitors who use
any of their features.  The __atuvc
cookie tracks performance used to record how
many times an article has been shared via
AddThis.
w
AddThis Privacy and Data Practices
w
Facebook Cookie Policy
w
LinkedIn Privacy & Cookie Policy
w
Twitter Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
Performance: to
measure and improve site quality through
analysis of visitor behaviour. To determine
unique visitors to the site, how long the
visitor remains on the site, and used to
record where a visitor came from - e.g.
search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page
navigation within the site.
w
Cookies and Google Analytics
Google+
Features for sharing via Google+. Does not
set a cookie by itself, but if one is
present it will read it.
w
Google Privacy
Policy
PHPSESSID
PHPSESSID
To check whether the site owner/manager or
visitor is logged in or out to make use of
the CMS or other secure member area
features.
*These cookies are provided by a third party who could change their cookies in future outside of our control. We will review this policy regularly for any such changes.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.