http://www.baystatehealth.com/privacy-policy
You are using an older version of Internet Explorer that is not supported on this site. Please upgrade for the best experience.
close
Home
Patients & Visitors
Getting Here and Around
Staying at the Hospital
Visiting Hours and Policies
Safety and Security
Infection Control
Billing & Financial Assistance
Rights & Responsibilities
Medical Records
Stories
Clinical Trials
Dining Services
Gift Shops
Pharmacies
Support Services
Medical Services
Select A-Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
View All Services
Locations
Emergency
Hospitals
Imaging Centers
Lab Services
Primary Care
Urgent Care
Find a Provider
For Healthcare Professionals
Medical Staff Services
Referring to Baystate
Baystate Reference Laboratories
Patient Transfer Services
Provider Verification
Continuing Education
Education & Research
Academic Departments
Healthcare Education
Faculty Affairs
Research
UMass Medical School-Baystate
COVID:19: Learn about our safety measures, visitor restrictions, and prevention guidelines.
Home
Privacy Policy
Text
Print
Share
For Your Safety and Ours
We ask all visitors to wear masks. Have COVID-19 or symptoms? Please call first.
See Our Safety Policies
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
At Baystate Health, we understand that your medical information is personal and we are committed to maintaining the privacy of this information. Our Notice of Privacy Practices provides information about how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information.
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices (English)
Aviso Sobre Normas De Privacidad (Español)
Baystate Health Website Privacy Policy Statement
Baystate Health (BH) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have designed our web site (baystatehealth.org) to allow you to visit most areas without identifying yourself or supplying personal information. For those areas where you are requested to provide identifiable information, we assure you that it will only be used to support your customer/patient relationship with BH.
What information do we collect?
On some BH web site pages, you may request information which requires a response. We may ask for information when you register for a class or order products. Therefore, we may need your name, email address, phone number, social security number, physicians' names, credit card number, etc. in order to fulfill your request. We may also use that information to provide you with additional services, or health newsletters in which you might be interested.
Disclosure
We do not disclose your personal information unless the following conditions are met: · You provide to us a specific written consent, or · We are required by law. Be assured we do not sell, rent, lease or share your personal information with any individual, group or company outside BH. Your personal information is only used for the purpose it was collected and not shared within BH departments.
About "Cookies"
If you are browsing the BH web site, a cookie identifies only your browser! This allows us to identify general information and respond with internal marketing strategies, based on preferences or interests you have indicated while visiting the site. If you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible by cookies, most browsers allow you to reject them or to choose which cookies to accept.
Public Forums
This site may provide chat rooms, forums, and message boards to its users. It is your option as to the amount of information you provide in these areas. Please remember that these are public areas and any information you submit is available to all.
Email and "Send a Comment"
This site provides opportunities to "send a comment" or to send email to BH personnel. This email system is equivalent to your regular email system. It is not encrypted. Please be aware of how much personal information you provide in these areas.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
High level encryption ensures protection when providing sensitive data such as credit card information and forms that request personal information. We have also put in place managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and all employees sign and agree to abide by confidentiality policies.
Children's Guidelines
This web site does not contain content directed at children under the age of 13.
Information on clinical procedures, sexuality, and drug abuse is available on other pages of this site. Therefore, we encourage you to provide guidelines to your children and to supervise and monitor their activities in cyberspace.
Choice/Opt-Out
Although many users appreciate receiving healthcare newsletters or other offers of healthcare information, we recognize the importance of providing you with the option to decline.
At any time, you may opt out of Baystate Health marketing communications using our secure form.
Postal mail may be sent to:
Marketing & Communications
Baystate Health System
280 Chestnut Street
5th floor
Springfield, MA 01199
How you can correct your information/inaccuracies
To meet the Fair Information Practices, as defined by the U. S. Government, inaccuracies in personal information may be corrected by sending email (or postal mail as described above), or by calling Marketing at 413-794-4287. Changes will be acknowledged in the manner you prescribe.
Contacting the BH website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact Marketing by email, postal mail or phone, as previously indicated.
Privacy outside the BH website
Once you click to another website, that does not contain baystatehealth.org, this BH Privacy Policy no longer applies.
Get Your Results in Record Time
With MyBaystate, you can view lab results as soon as they're ready.
Sign Up or Sign In