http://www.trachoma.org/privacy
Skip to main content
About TrachomaFighting Trachoma with Zithromax®Zithromax® Shipment TrackerWhere We WorkAbout ITIWho We AreTrachoma Expert CommitteePartnersZithromax® Management GuideNews and ResourcesGet InvolvedContact UsDonateJob Openings
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
The information contained in this web site is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by International Trachoma Initiative, a program of The Task Force for Global Health, and while we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the web site or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the web site for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the International Trachoma Initiative. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the International Trachoma Initiative takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Privacy statement
The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. 'Personally identifying information' is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address. Any information you supply, including, where relevant, sensitive personal data relating to you will not be shared with 3rd party individuals or organizations. We would only disclose personally identifiable information to the relevant authorities if we are required to do so by law.
Personal information that this website collects and why we collect it
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:
1. International Trachoma Initiative Contact Form
If you choose to complete and submit our contact form and provide personally identifying information (typically your name and email address), this data is stored on this site, which is hosted on a secure server, with an SSL certificate. Individuals can also request access, updates, deletion or more information about the data held about them at any time by mailing info@taskforce.org.
2. Site Visits Tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although Google Analytics records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. Google Analytics also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor.
3. Email Links
Should you choose to contact us using an email link, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website. Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us.
4. Email Newsletter
If you choose to join our email newsletter, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to Constant Contact (https://www.constantcontact.com/index.jsp) who provide us with email marketing services. We consider Constant Contact to be a third party data processor whose updated privacy policy summarizes how EU citizen data is handled and important changes which can affect Constant Contact users under GDPR. The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.
Your email address will remain within Constant Contact’s database for as long as we continue to use Constant Contact’s services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal on the emails themselves, or by emailing sray@taskforce.org.  When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining our email newsletter.
While your email address remains within the Constant Contact’s database, you will receive periodic (monthly) newsletter-style emails from us.
Information use
We use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website. Data collected in the UK is held in accordance with the Data Protection Act. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorized access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognize your device the next time you visit.
Using cookies helps us to provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired. Information on how to manage cookies within your browser can be found below.
Managing your browser cookies
Chrome
Firefox
Opera
Safari (OSX)
Safari (iOS)
Internet Explorer
About This Website's Server
This website is hosted by Site5 within a data center in Dallas, TX.
Data center security protocols can be found here: https://kb.site5.com/datacenters/data-center-faq-dallas-tx-us/
The data controller for this website is
Sumon Ray
Tel: +1 404 592 1435
Email: sray@taskforce.org
Third Party Data Processors
We use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and, to the best of our belief and understanding, all of them comply with current legislation. Both third parties are based in the USA and are EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.
Google (Privacy policy)
Constant Contact (Privacy policy - https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement)
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Disclosing information
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this web site to third parties for commercial purposes. However, we may use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our activities. You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device. If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose information collected on this web site to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent.
Changes to this policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please complete our Contact Form. You can also correct any factual errors in this information or request we remove your details from any list under our control.
This privacy policy was last updated on May 23, 2018.
About
ITI is a program of The Task Force for Global Health.
Website Resources
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact
330 West Ponce de Leon Avenue
Decatur, Georgia 30030
phone: 1-800-765-7173
1-404-371-0466
fax: 1-404-371-1087
Social
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
© 2020 International Trachoma Initiative