http://www.mscare.org/privacy.aspx
Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers (CMSC)
Contact Us | Print Page | Sign In | Register
Toggle navigationMENUHomeJoin Join UsMembership BenefitsHow to Get InvolvedConnect Community BlogCareer CenterMS Centers DirectoryVeterans Affair DirectorySpecial Interest Groups >> Int'l Organization of MS Rehab Therapists (IOMSRT)MS Professionals-in-Training (MS-PiT)Multiple Sclerosis PAMS
Mental Health Professionals (MS-MHP)PharMSNews & Events Annual MeetingEvents CalendarNews From Our PartnersIndustry News for MSCMSC OutreachProfessional Development Continuing Education ProgramsMSCS >> Become an MSCSMSCS RecertificationMSCS and MSCN DifferenceMSCS Passing CandidatesMSCS ResourcesMSNICBCRNDMSHASearch for a FellowshipGrants and ScholarshipsAnnual MeetingResources Coronavirus (COVID-19)Mobile Apps and eBooksBasic ScienceBest PracticesCognition and PsychosocialDisease-Modifying TherapiesMRI ProtocolMS Center ResourcesMultimedia ReviewsNursingPatient ResourcesRecommendations for CareRehabilitationSymptomatic ManagementCMSC About >> Our Vision and MissionExecutive CommitteeCommitteesOur CEOStrategic PlanBylaws, SROP and TORLifetime Achievement AwardeesStaff ListRegistries >> NARCOMS >> RegistryNARCOMS NowNARCRMSAdvocacy >> Advocacy MaterialsMS CoalitionPublications >> Science of MS ManagementInt'l Journal of MS CareMS ExchangeMRI ProtocolDMT ConsensusRecommendations for CareBest PracticesWhite PapersPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Click here for the Annual Meeting Privacy Policy
CONSORTIUM OF MS CENTERS PRIVACY POLICY
Consortium
of Multiple Sclerosis Centers has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
sections describe the information gathering and dissemination practices
for this Web site: Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers. Please
review this document for any concerns about privacy, the information we
keep on file, and our protection policies.
Information Automatically Logged
We
use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to
administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad
demographic information and track the number of visits to the site. From
your IP address, we obtain the country from which you visited in
addition to other information, such as operating system, web browser,
monitor settings, and plug-ins. Detailed information is never
distributed to third parties; however, the CMSC may use broad
demographic information in our web site reports to our affiliates,
partners and sponsors.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies
to deliver content specific to your interests. Our web server may send
you a cookie to keep track of your visits to our web site. We only use
this information for statistical purposes. Our cookies do not retrieve
your email address.
Registration Forms
Our site"s
registration form requires users to give us contact information (like
their name, email, and postal address). Contact information from the
registration forms is used to get in touch with you when necessary. We
will always obtain prior consent before sending your contact information
to third parties. If your information is automatically forwarded to a
third party, the registration form will clearly indicate the name and
contact information for the third party.
External Links
This
site contains links to other sites. Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis
Centers is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such Web sites or the content contained in those web sites.
Public Forums
This
site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is
disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should
exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This
site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and
alteration of the information under our control. We use standard
security measures to protect the information you submit to us as well as
the information that is automatically collected by our server. Although
the Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers strives to maintain a
secure web site, the CMSC cannot be held liable for any damages or other
liabilities resulting directly or indirectly from a failure of a
security measures.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: You can send email to the Web Master.You can visit use our feedback form to ask for your information to be changed.
Contacting the Web Site
If
you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact the Web
Master at
info@mscare.org
YOUR MEMBERSHIP PRIVACY POLICY AND USE OF COOKIES
At YourMembership.com we are committed to protecting your privacy. We do not rent or resell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. The information we collect is used to provide services to our clients and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. Please read this complete privacy statement.
YourMembership.com, Inc. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-YourMembership.com websites to which this Site or any other YourMembership.com website may link. Also, YourMembership.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of its Clients or users of its Client websites. You should review any additional privacy policy and terms of use agreements of the entity from whose website you clicked-through before using the site.
Please note that the practices of YourMembership.com, Inc., its affiliates, and agents ("YM"), with respect to data collected and used by YM in connection with this website and all other YM affiliated websites, and its affiliates with links to this policy (collectively, the "Site") and YM services available or enabled via the Site ("Services"), are governed by this online privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") as amended from time to time, and not the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Services enabled by the Site and follow the procedure described in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences". This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities, websites other than the Site, or any products or services not available or enabled via the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any terms of the Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and the website from which this Policy is linked, this Policy shall take precedence as it relate to the practices of YM.
U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
YourMembership.com complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. YourMembership.com has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view YourMembership.com's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/
YourMembership.com has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU [and EU-Swiss] Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by YourMembership.com, please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact:
YourMembership.com, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
300 First Avenue South, #300
St. Petersburg, FL 33701
USA
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your compliant or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by YourMembership.com, you should then contact:
Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc.
4200 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 800
Arlington, VA 22203
Web: bbb.org
Email: eusafeharbor@council.bbb.org
Entities Collecting Personal Information
Personal information on this site is collected on behalf of the entity from whose web page you clicked-through and who is responsible for this site content and data. Please contact the organization responsible regarding collection questions and data privacy.
The site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided otherwise, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Profile Information, this may be accomplished by linking to your account at "Edit My Profile", where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications) by writing the entity at their specified address within their contact information page on the site from which you have clicked.
Personal information submitted through this Site or in connection with the Site that is not Profile Information or is not accessible online. To access and/or correct such information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications), you may write the entity of contact them via their online contact form. In your correspondence, please detail the location on this Site or otherwise where you provided your personal information. You may expect a response within 30 days. For information submitted in connection with Products and Services, you may also follow instructions included or referenced within such Product and Service to access or correct the information.
Collection of Personal Information
As a visitor to this site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing online or hosted Services, the Site may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form. It is optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, the Site may ask that you provide personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including postal code), country of residence, e-mail address, employer, title, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. When participating in electronic commerce via the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that is asked of you may be mandatory and some may be voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Similarly, if you wish to delete your information (pursuant to the mechanism set forth in "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences") that is mandatory, you will no longer be able to engage in a particular activity.
When you use the site and the Products and Services, the site may also collect certain information about your computer to facilitate and evaluate your use of the site and the Products and Services. For example, the site may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit webpages, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. The Site also uses such information to measure traffic patterns on the Site and usage of the YM Services. YM does not match such information with any other information held by YM unless we have your consent.
By using this site, you agree and acknowledge that personal information collected through the Site or in connection with the services provided may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which YM maintains offices, including the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted third parties. Such third parties are bound by contract with YM not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible, and the pages are hosted for YM by such third parties. For example, on the sign up pages for some newsletters, the pages may be hosted by a third party vendor, but appear to be pages operated by YM and are governed by the YM privacy policy.
Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a third party provider's website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on that site, and personal information that you provide while on this Site will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
How Your Personal Information is Used
YM collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation on the site from which this policy is linked. If you subscribe to or register on the site, for example, the information is used provide access to the website and other benefits that may be made available to registered users. Your personal information is also used to track your website preferences and keep you informed within the community unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law.
YM may collect information about the use of the Services and the site, such as the number of downloads, types of Services used, how many users we receive daily, and the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually.
YM may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for improving the Site and Services, providing more relevant experiences to our clients and for statistical analysis.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits this site, standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns are collected. This is done to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is collected in a manner in which it does not identify anyone. No attempts are made to find out the identities of those visiting this site. No data gathered from this site is associated to/with any personally identifying information from any source. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.
Google Analytics cookies may be used on this site. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use this site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors come to the site from, browsing patterns on this site, and the pages they visited.
Please note that YM is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-YM websites to which this site or any other YM website may link. Also, YM is not responsible for the privacy practices of its Clients or users of its Client websites. You should review the additional privacy policy of the Client site before using the site and contact the organization should you have questions regarding their policies.
EMAIL BLAST PRIVACY POLICY
What Information We Collect
We collect your contact information such as your name, address, phone number, or email address.
How We Collect Information
We collect information on our website when you register to be a member, through online and on-site event registrations, and when you sign-up for emails.
How to Withdraw Your Permission to Receive our Emails
You can withdraw your permission to receive our emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email you receive from us.
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Latest News
more
10/1/2020CMSC INforMS: NeurologyLive® and CMSC Partner to Present Two Expert-Driven Webcast Programs
9/11/2020CMSC INforMS: New Data Further Reinforce Genentech’s Ocrevus (ocrelizumab) as Effective Treatment
8/24/2020CMSC INforMS: PRESS RELEASE - GENENTECH'S ENSPRYNG FOR NEUROMYELITIS OPTICA SPECTRUM DISORDER
8/19/2020CMSC INforMS: Mylan Brings Critical Access to the MS Community
7/11/2020CMSC INforMS:
A Letter from Lemtrada Regarding its Home Phlebotomy Partner, EMSI
Upcoming Events
more
6/2/2021 » 6/5/20212021 CMSC Annual Meeting (San Diego, CA)
Test
Annual Meeting
Become A Member
Get Engaged
Contact Us
Manage Profile
Membership
Learning
Events
The Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers
3 University Plaza Drive, Suite 116
Hackensack, NJ 07601
Tel: 201.487.1050
|
Fax: 862.772.7275
info@mscare.org
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal