http://www.avidid.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Enroll Your PetFound a Pet?Lost a Pet?
Privacy Policy
Avid Identification Systems, Inc. ("Avid" or "we" or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy as set forth in this Privacy Notice. You can visit the AvidId.com website ("Site") without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself.
However, our Site does include areas in which visitors can provide personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Notice is being provided to inform you of our practices regarding the personally identifiable information you submit to us through this Site.
Privacy Notice Updates
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Avid may need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time.
If so, Avid will post its updated Privacy Notice on our Site and we may send registered users an email, so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information.
If any modification is unacceptable to you, you shall cease using this Site and the services. If you do not cease using this Site and the services, you will be deemed to have accepted the change.
Information Collection
If you purchase any of our products or services, request information, or ask us to respond to questions or comments, we will ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information such as your name, contact information and email address.
If you voluntarily respond to surveys or questionnaires we may collect your name, contact information and email address.
Avid may use technologies, such as cookies, to keep track of your interaction with this Site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.
However, your web browser can be set by you to accept, reject or to notify you each time a cookie is sent.
Information Uses
We may use the personally identifiable information you provide to us to: (i) provide you with requested information, products or services that you have requested or purchased, (ii) contact you directly while performing our Pet recovery services, (iii) send you email communications regarding products and services that may be of interest to you, unless you have told us not to, (iv) improve the content and general administration of our Site and services, and (v) allow you access to your registered accounts and information, (vi) qualified third-parties for the purpose of the welfare or recovery of your pet.
Aggregate Information
The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, and IP addresses and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information.
We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Children's Privacy
Avid recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13.
Avid does not target its services or this Site to children under 13.
Avid does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Disclosure
We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you and to our parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities within our corporate family.
For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to a credit card company to process your payment. We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law or regulation or in cooperation with any governmental investigation. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization.
Security
We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Avid may use encryption, password protection, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control over Personally Identifiable Information
Keeping your personally identifiable information accurate and updated is critical to perform our Pet recovery services and we encourage you to update your personally identifiable information so that it is always accurate.
You can request a copy of your personally identifiable information by sending us an email to InformationRequest@AvidID.com. You can view, change, correct, delete or update your personally identifiable information by sending us an email at the email address above. You can unsubscribe to email communications you no longer wish to receive from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email that we send you. You can contact us with any questions that you have about our use of your personally identifiable information at PrivacyPolicy@AvidID.com or call 1-800-336-2843.
Links
This Site may contain links to other websites.
Please be aware that Avid is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of any linked website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects personally identifiable information. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Avid of those linked websites. You acknowledge that Avid is providing these links to you only as a convenience. Your use of the linked websites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked websites.
This Privacy Notice was last Updated on: Feb 15, 2015
This Privacy Notice is effective as of Feb 15, 2015
PETtrac Enrollment
Enrolling your pet is the most important step of the microchip process. Enroll your pet's microchip with PETtrac™ to begin protecting your pet.Already Enrolled?
To verify your information, click here.
Lifetime enrollment with no annual fees (same owner)
24-hour pet recovery service and hotline
Dedicated pet recovery specialists
Secure, private pet recovery database
Enroll Now
PETtrac™
Recovery Stories
Pet Registration
Account Login
Printable Forms
Products and Services
Keeping Your Pets Safe
The PETtrac™ Pet Recovery Process
Avid FriendChip™
Avid Collar Tags
Disaster Preparedness
Frequently Asked Questions
Business Solutions
Online Store
Avid Saves™
Lookup Portal
Veterinarians
Shelters
Rescues
Wildlife
Microchips & Scanners
Overview
Veterinarians
Shelters
Rescues
Wildlife
Product Support
About Avid
Events
Global Locations
Contact Us
Share Your Recovery Story
Send Us A Message
Repair Request
PETtrac Forms
Avid Identification Systems, Inc.
3185 Hamner Avenue
Norco, California 92860
24/7 Phone Services
Phone: +1-951-371-7505
Toll Free: 1-800-336-2843
Fax: +1-951-737-8967