http://www.einstein.edu/urology/conditions/trauma-reconstruction-and-prosthetics
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Urology / Conditions & Treatments / Urologic Trauma, Reconstruction and Prosthetics
Urology
Urology Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Urologic Trauma, Reconstruction and Prosthetics
Einstein Healthcare Network’s urology specialists offer the most advanced treatments for urologic trauma - conditions that can cause the inability to urinate, pain during urination or sex and a variety of other conditions. Under the leadership of Jay Simhan, MD, Einstein has become a national destination for patients seeking the best care for urologic trauma, reconstruction and prosthetics. Working closely with patients and their families, Dr. Simhan and his team provide personalized care for patients with delicate and sensitive urologic conditions.
Urethral Strictures
Inflammation, scar tissue, infection and prostate cancer treatment can cause a narrowing of the urethra, called urethral strictures. This condition is more common in men, and can cause difficulty or inability to urinate. Our reconstruction specialists at Einstein have performed hundreds of procedures, including robotic-assisted surgeries, to repair or reconstruct the urethra and restore function.
Learn more about treatment of urethral strictures.
Ureteral Reconstruction
The passage between the kidneys and the bladder may become narrowed due to inflammation, scar tissue or infection. Einstein is one of a select number of healthcare providers that offer open, laparoscopic and robotic-assisted surgery options for ureter repair and reconstruction.
Male Urinary Incontinence
Male incontinence is a common condition caused by age, prostate cancer treatment, neurological disease or trauma.
While there is no medication that consistently treats male incontinence, Dr. Simhan is one of the top doctors in the country treating this condition with artificial urinary sphincter surgery. By implanting an artificial sphincter and pump around a patient’s urethra, Dr. Simhan provides an effective, long-lasting solution to male urinary incontinence.
Penile Curvature
Aggressive penile curvature, or Peyronie’s disease, can lead to painful intercourse and erectile dysfunction. Using a surgical technique called penial plication that shortens the long side of the penis to eliminate curvature, the urology team at Einstein can provide relief and restore proper penile function.
Learn more about other causes of and treatments for erectile dysfunction, and prosthetic penile implants.
Learn more about treatment of Peyronie's disease
Other Reconstructive and Prosthetic Treatments
The trauma, reconstruction and prosthetics experts at Einstein urology offer a full range of treatment options for urologic conditions, including:
Revision prosthesis surgery
Revision artificial urinary sphincter surgery
Rectourethral fistula
Bladder neck contracture and reconstruction
Male genital reconstruction
Urethral injury with pelvic fracture
Urinary fistula surgery
Buccal mucosal graft harvest
Ileal ureter reimplantation
Ureterocalicostomy
Boari flap with psoas hitch
Buried penis surgery
Schedule an Appointment
Reach out to a board-certified urologist at our convenient Philadelphia and Montgomery County Urology offices today.
Request an Appointment
Urologic Trauma, Reconstruction and Prosthetics Specialists
Jay Simhan, MD
View All
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Karl’s Story
After a near fatal motorcycle accident, it wasn’t until he discovered the experts at Einstein Urology that his real internal issues were healed. We treat patients like Karl every day.
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of urology and are actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.