http://www.osteopathy.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Privacy notice
This site makes use of cookies. If you
continue we'll assume you are happy to receive them.
However, if you prefer, you can
change your cookie settings
at any time.
Continue
Read our cookie policy
Change your cookie settings
About us
Contact us / Cysylltu â ni
FAQs
Complaints
o zone login
Navigation
HomeRegister searchStandardsVisiting an osteopathTraining and registeringNews and resources
You are at: HomeTerms and conditions
Print this pageEmail this page to a friend
Terms and conditionsThis website is owned and operated by the General Osteopathic Council (GOsC). By using this website you are agreeing to accept the following terms and conditions. As these terms and conditions may be updated from time to time, you should check regularly to make sure you are aware of the up-to-date current version.
Disclaimer
The GOsC denies all liability to the fullest extent permitted by law for any loss or damage resulting (either directly or indirectly) from access to and/or use of this web site, or the use of information and materials contained on it or any associated or linked web site.
Accuracy
Although we have taken all reasonable steps to provide you with access to adequate and reputable content, we make no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or the accuracy of any information contained in associated or linked sites.
Links
The GOsC is not responsible for the content or reliability of external websites. Links should not be taken as an endorsement, guarantee, warranty or representation by the GOsC of the quality or accuracy of the information, products or services provided to you. We cannot guarantee that these links will work at all times and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. Please be aware that the GOsC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
Cookies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small amount of data sent to your computer or mobile phone from a website. This means the website can recognise your device (your computer or mobile phone) if you return to the same site. A cookie often includes a unique identifier, which is a randomly generated number. This is stored on your device's hard drive. Many cookies are automatically deleted after you finish using a website. Cookies are not programs and do not collect information from your device.
Cookies may come with or without an expiry date. Cookies without an expiry date exist until the browser is closed, while cookies with an expiry date may be stored by the device until the expiry date passes.
How we use cookies
We use cookies on this website to make your experience of using it faster and easier. We also use cookies (from Google Analytics) to find out how you use the website. These collect anonymous information about your visits, such as your internet provider, your browser, how long you stay on the site and what pages you visit. None of this information can be linked to you and is used by us only to help improve the website. For instance, if we know which sections are most often used and which are visited less often and for less time, we can make changes that will enable the website to better meet the needs of our diverse range of visitors.
You can restrict or block cookies set by this website but this may affect your experience on the website; parts of the site may not work or may not work properly.
How to manage your cookies
Cookies are sent to your browser (whether you use Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari or any other browser) by a website and then stored in the cookies directory of your device.
To check and update your cookies settings, you will need to know what browser you are using and what version of it you have. You can usually find this out by opening the browser (just as if you were going to use the internet) and then clicking on 'Help' and then 'About'. This will give you information about the browser version you are using.
To find out how to allow, block, delete and manage the cookies on all standard web browsers, go to www.aboutcookies.org and select the browser and version you are using. You'll also find information about how to delete cookies from your computer. If you use a mobile phone to browse the website or other sites that use cookies, please refer to your handset manual for guidance.
For further information about cookies see www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Cookies used on this website
Information about the specific cookies used on this website will be here shortly.
Copyright
Different copyright restrictions apply to individual documents on this website. The GOsC has tried to acknowledge the copyright of others where necessary. Unless otherwise stated, or the context otherwise makes clear, the following copyright statement applies to the documents found on this website.
"Individual personal users are granted permission to access GOsC copyright material, which may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium, provided it is reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Where any of the material on this site is being republished or copied to others, the material must be identified and the copyright status acknowledged. The permission to reproduce GOsC copyright protected material does not extend to any material on this site that is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders concerned."
Under the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998, the reproduction and use of names and addresses on this website for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. There is further information about data protection and this website in the separate section on data protection.
The GOsC logo is a registered trademark and may not be used without the prior written permission of the GOsC.
Information about you
There are times when you may provide us with information about yourself, such as your name, address or email address:
if you send us a query by email, or provide feedback or respond to a consultation via the website, we will be aware of your email address and your name, if you include it
if you use the enquiry form on the Contact us page, we ask you to give your name, phone number and email address
if you respond to a consultation, we will be aware of your email address and we may ask you to provide your name as well
if you ask for an electronic document or publication, we will need your name and email address and
if you request a printed document or publication we will need your name and postal address.
We will use this information primarily to enable us to respond to your request or feedback; we may also retain the information and your query or feedback to help us monitor use of the website in order to ensure that we are providing the best service we can.
If you are responding to a consultation we will retain your response, as your views will be taken into account in producing the final outcome of the consultation, for example, a new edition of the osteopathic practice standards or our equality and diversity scheme.
If you do not wish us to retain your name, address or email address after we have responded to you, you should tell us so when you contact us.
We will not make any personal information available to a third party (another organisation or person outside the GOsC), unless required to do so by law, but we may use anonymous information about your enquiry or feedback in monitoring or reporting on the use of the website. For instance, in our annual report, we may include information about the number and types of enquiry received through the website.
We will take reasonable precautions to ensure the security of your personal information; however, we cannot guarantee the safety of information sent over the Internet.
Information about your use of this website
This website may automatically collect anonymous information about your visits, such as your internet provider, your browser, how long you stay on the site and what pages you visit. None of this information can be linked to you and is used by us only to help improve the website. For instance, if we know which sections are most often used and which are visited less often and for less time, we can make changes that will enable the website to better meet the needs of our diverse range of visitors.
Virus protection
The GOsC makes every effort to check and test material for viruses. However, it is recommended that you run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the Internet. The GOsC does not accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system that may occur whilst using material derived from this website.
Other websites
This website links to other websites and you should be aware that the privacy policies of other websites may be different to, and are not the responsibility of, the GOsC.
Applicable law
These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law.
CymraegSite mapPrivacy and cookiesFreedom of informationTerms and conditionsAccessibility
Follow us
General Osteopathic Council
Osteopathy House
176 Tower Bridge Road, London, SE1 3LU
info@osteopathy.org.uk+44 (0) 20 7357 6655
The GOsC is a charity registered in England and Wales (1172749)
© GOsC 2020
Website developed by NetXtra