https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/hodgkins-lymphoma/expert-answers/lymphoma/FAQ-20058546?p=1
Hodgkin's vs. non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: What's the difference? - Mayo Clinic
Hodgkin's vs. non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: What's the difference?
What's the difference between Hodgkin's lymphoma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
Answer From Rajiv K. Pruthi, M.B.B.S.
Both Hodgkin's lymphoma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma are lymphomas — a type of cancer that begins in a subset of white blood cells called lymphocytes. Lymphocytes are an integral part of your immune system, which protects you from germs.
The main difference between Hodgkin's lymphoma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma is in the specific lymphocyte each involves.
A doctor can tell the difference between Hodgkin's lymphoma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma by examining the cancer cells under a microscope. If in examining the cells, the doctor detects the presence of a specific type of abnormal cell called a Reed-Sternberg cell, the lymphoma is classified as Hodgkin's. If the Reed-Sternberg cell is not present, the lymphoma is classified as non-Hodgkin's.
Many subtypes of lymphoma exist, and your doctor will use laboratory tests to examine a sample of your lymphoma cells to determine your specific subtype. Expect to wait a few days to receive results from these specialized tests.
Your type of lymphoma helps your doctor determine your prognosis and your treatment options. The types of lymphoma have very different disease courses and treatment choices, so an accurate diagnosis is an integral part of getting the care you need.
With
Rajiv K. Pruthi, M.B.B.S.
Show References
What you need to know about non-Hodgkin lymphoma. National Cancer Institute. https://www.cancer.gov/publications/patient-education/wyntk-non-hodgkin-lymphoma. Accessed Aug. 22, 2017.
What you need to know about Hodgkin lymphoma. National Cancer Institute. https://www.cancer.gov/publications/patient-education/wyntk-hodgkin. Accessed Aug. 22, 2017.
Nov. 02, 2018Original article: https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/hodgkins-lymphoma/expert-answers/lymphoma/FAQ-20058546
.
Mayo Clinic Footer
Legal Conditions and TermsAny use of this site constitutes your agreement to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy linked below.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Manage Cookies
AdvertisingMayo Clinic is a nonprofit organization and proceeds from Web advertising help support our mission. Mayo Clinic does not endorse any of the third party products and services advertised.Advertising and sponsorship policyAdvertising and sponsorship opportunitiesReprint PermissionsA single copy of these materials may be reprinted for noncommercial personal use only. "Mayo," "Mayo Clinic," "MayoClinic.org," "Mayo Clinic Healthy Living," and the triple-shield Mayo Clinic logo are trademarks of Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research.© 1998-2020 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research (MFMER). All rights reserved.