http://www.brighamandwomens.org/patients-and-families/patients/privacy-notice
skip to Cookie NoticeSkip to contents
The health and safety of our patients, visitors and staff remains our top priority. Learn more about our Safe Care Commitment. For faster entry, use our Prescreen app prior to arrival.
Close
Header Skipped.
Home
Patients and Families
Patients
Patient Rights and Expectations
Patient Privacy Notice
Back to Patient Rights and Expectations
Privacy Notice
Notice for Use and Sharing of Protected Health Information
The federal Office of Civil Rights implemented the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) to promote privacy and trust between patients and their health care providers. As part of these rules, all new patients seeing their health care provider upon their initial visit are required to sign an acknowledgement form to indicate that they have received the Privacy Notice. The Privacy Notice describes how the hospital/provider uses and shares your personal health information.
Mass General Brigham Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Notice (English Version) (PDF)
Notificación de las normativas de privacidad de Mass General Brigham
Privacy Notice (Spanish / Español Version) (PDF)
Aviso sobre Práticas de Privacidade do Mass General Brigham
Privacy Notice (Portuguese / Português Version) (PDF)
Patients
Skip navigation
Why BWH?
Finding a Doctor
New Patient Registration
Request an Appointment
Insurances Accepted, Billing and Payment
Using Patient Gateway
Preparing for Your Appointment
Transferring Medical Records
Laboratory and Diagnostic Tests
Brigham Executive Health Program
Forms and Documents
Patient Rights and Expectations
You Are Welcome at BWH
Patient Confidentiality
Doctors' Relationships with Outside Companies
Patient Privacy Notice
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Healthy Environment
Notice of Nondiscrimination and Accessibility
Find A DoctorRequest AppointmentLocationsServices
LEARN MORE ABOUT BRIGHAM AND WOMEN’S HOSPITAL
For over a century, a leader in patient care, medical education and research, with expertise in virtually every specialty of medicine and surgery.
About BWH
Stay Informed.
Connect with us.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Blog
LinkedIn
Newsroom
Instagram
© 2020 Brigham and Women's Hospital
Accessibility
Resources A-L
Resources M-Z
Disclaimer
Patient Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Sitemap