http://www.blayneyvets.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyProvet Pty Ltd (ABN: 46 076 468 481) and its related companies (together Provet, we, us, our and other similar expressions) are committed to protecting your personal privacy.  This Privacy Policy tells you how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information.  We encourage you to read this policy carefully so that you understand our information handling practices.
Information we collect
In order to provide Blayney Vets’s customers with our products and services, we may collect and use personal information about you and others. If we are not provided with all the personal information we request, we may not be able to supply our products and services.
The type of information we collect includes names, addresses, credit card details (if you buy products or services from us) and other contact details.
We do not normally collect or store ‘sensitive information’, as defined in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (eg. information about ethnic origin, religious beliefs or health). However, if we do, we will only collect that information with your consent or as otherwise permitted by law.
How we collect personal information
Generally, we collect an individual’s personal information from that individual.  For example, we may collect information from you when you complete our Contact Us form, or when you provide us with information, whether by telephone, online or in writing. If you submit an order online, we will collect information necessary to fulfil that order.
However, occasionally we may also collect personal information from someone other than the individual, for example from Blayney Vets, or from publicly maintained records.
How we store personal information
We take all reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information which we hold about you and to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorised alteration. Any personal information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Access to personal information is limited to those of our personnel who specifically need it to carry out their business responsibilities. We also maintain physical security procedures to manage and protect the use and storage of records containing personal information.
We are not responsible or liable for the security of data sent via the internet.
Purpose of collection
We collect personal information so we can:
meet our legal obligations;
identify Blayney Vets’s customers, potential customers and their representatives;
inform you or others of any initiatives we think may be of interest to you or them;
inform you or others about Blayney Vets’s products and services and the benefits of using those products and services;
provide you or others with information about offers or other benefits that may become available;
seek your opinion or comments about our products and services;
to provide goods, services or other benefits to be offered to customers, or for purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of goods, services or other benefits to you;
carry out billing activities;
carry out our management, administrative quality assurance and complaint handling activities in a professional and efficient manner;
develop and implement initiatives to improve our products and services.
Use and Disclosure
We use and disclose the personal information we collect for the purposes indicated above, and for other secondary purposes.
We usually disclose the personal information we collect to our related entities, service providers and contractors, who help us supply our products and services. For example, we may disclose the personal information we collect to our information technology providers, providers of marketing and promotional services, professional advisors such as legal practitioners and accountants, debt collectors and insurers.
Except where indicated above, we will not use or disclose your personal information to a third party unless:
you have consented to the use and disclosure;
the third party is our service provider or contractor, in which case we will require them to use and disclose the personal information only for the purpose for which it was provided to them;
the third party is a person involved in a dealing or proposed dealing (including a sale) of all or part of our assets and business;
the third party is a credit reporting agency, your creditor, banker, financier, credit provider, mortgage insurer or trade insurer;
the disclosure is to a related body corporate; or
the disclosure is permitted, required or authorised by or under law.
Marketing
We and Blayney Vets may use your personal information to advise you of new products and marketing initiatives that we think may be of interest to you. This may include product and service offerings, newsletters and general information about Blayney Vets.
If you prefer not to receive information about Blayney Vets’s products and services you can ask to be removed from the relevant circulation list by contacting us, using the details listed below.
We never disclose personal information to a third party for the purpose of allowing them to direct market their products or service to you, unless you have expressly consented to that disclosure.
Access
If at any time you want to know what personal information we hold about you on behalf of Blayney Vets, you are welcome to request access to that information by contacting us, using the details listed below. We may charge a fee to cover the reasonable costs we incur in processing your request.
We may also choose to deny your request for access where:
the access impacts on the privacy of others;
the request for access is frivolous or vexatious;
there are existing or anticipated legal proceedings; or
such access can be denied under law or by a law enforcement agency.
If we deny your request for access, we will let you know why.
Quality & correction
At all times we strive to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If at any time you believe the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, you should let us know. We will use all reasonable efforts to correct the information.
Website & cookies
To ensure we are meeting the needs and wants of our website users, and to develop our online services, we may collect aggregated information by using cookies or similar electronic tools.
Cookies are small amounts of information sent from a web server to your computer.  These cookies are used to retain login and location information in order to make your experience more convenient and personal.  We do not use cookies to track your internet activity before or after you leave our website.  No other business has access to our cookies.
We do not use this technology to access any personal information of a user in our records and a user cannot be personally identified from a cookie.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
As our business evolves our business processes and policies will be reviewed and may be revised. We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any change by posting an updated version of our Privacy Policy on our website. Please check our website regularly.
Complaints
We are committed to constantly improving our procedures so that personal information is treated appropriately. If you feel that we have failed to deal with your personal information in accordance with this policy or in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles, please contact us, using the details listed below, so we have an opportunity to resolve the issue to your satisfaction.
We will log your complaint and our privacy officer will:
listen to your concerns and grievances;
discuss with you the ways in which we can remedy the situation; and
put in place an action plan to resolve your complaint and improve our information handling procedures if appropriate.
If we have tried to resolve your complaint and you are not happy with our response, you may also contact the Office of Australian Information Commissioner by calling 1300 363 992 or by visiting www.oaic.gov.au.
Disclosure to overseas recipients
We are not likely to disclose your personal information to recipients located overseas.
Contact us
If you require more detailed information about our information handling practices or if you have any concerns about our handling of your personal information, you can contact Provet’s Privacy Officer via our contact form.
We will endeavour to respond to your concerns as quickly as possible.
Privacy Collection Notice
This is a privacy collection notice of Provet Pty Ltd (ABN: 46 076 468 481) and its related companies (together Provet, we, us, our and other similar expressions).
Who we collect personal information from
Provet generally collects personal information about you directly from you.  For example, if you place an order for goods online or submit an enquiry.
Provet may also collect personal information about you from third parties. For example, from Blayney Vets or from publicly maintained records.
Purpose of collection
In general, we collect, use and disclose personal information for the following purposes:
To conduct our business;
To market Blayney Vets’s goods and services;
To communicate with you;
To comply with our legal obligations; and
To help us manage and enhance our goods and services.
Consequences if information is not collected
If you do not provide the information requested in this form, Blayney Vets and Provet may not be able to establish an account for you on the website, address your enquiry, receive payment for your order or supply you with goods and services.
Who we usually disclose information to
Personal information submitted may be disclosed by us to entities that are related to or associated with Blayney Vets, Provet, and organisations that provide us with financial services such as our financiers, information technology services, marketing and promotional services and professional advice, such as legal practitioners and accountants.
We may also disclose personal information to any person or organisation who may be interested in buying the whole or part of our business.
Access, correction and complaints
Blayney Vets has a privacy policy which includes information about how Provet collects, stores, uses and discloses personal information via the Blayney Veterinary Hospital website; about how an individual may access the personal information about that individual that is held by Blayney Vets and Provet and seek correction of that information; and about how an individual may complain about a breach of the privacy principles set out in the Privacy Act by Provet.
Access to privacy policy
Blayney Vets’s privacy policy is available at https://www.blayneyvets.com.au/. It sets out how Provet manages personal information on behalf of Blayney Vets.
Disclosure to overseas recipients
Provet is not likely to disclose personal information to recipients located overseas.
Who to contact?
If you have any queries about how we collect, store, use and disclose personal information on behalf of Blayney Vets, you can contact Provet’s Privacy Officer via our email form.
Primary SidebarContact Us
Blayney Veterinary Hospital
79 Adelaide St, Blayney NSW 2799
Call us on 02 6368 2264
Vet on call 24 hours a day
More details
Facebook
Blayney Veterinary Hospital