https://www.cincinnatieye.com/conditions-treatments/treatments/posterior-capsular-opacification/
Search for:
COVID-19 SAFETY PROTOCOL
Learn More
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
Search
Search
Contact Us
Home
About
Careers
Clinical Research
Research Volunteers for Clinical Trials
Clinical Research Team
Research Department Contact Information
Fellowship Programs
Current CEI Fellows
CEI Cornea Fellowship
CEI Glaucoma Fellowship
CEI Retina Fellowship
Introduction
Surgical Experience
Call Schedule
Rotation and Clinical Responsibilities
Salary and Benefits
Application and Interviews
Fellowship Faculty and Alumni
Testimonials
CEI Blog
CEI Doctors
Specialties
Cataract Surgery
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Diabetic Eye Care
Dry Eye Disease
Face & Eye
Glaucoma
Hearing Services
Neuro Ophthalmology
Retinal Diseases
Urgent Ophthalmology
Vision Correction Options
Patient Information
FAQs
Online Bill Pay
Financial Information
Patient Portal
Request an Appointment
HIPAA Privacy Policies
COVID-19 Safety Protocol
Referring Doctors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Telehealth Visits
Book an Appointment
Home
Cataract Surgery
/
Secondary Cataracts
Secondary Cataracts
Secondary Cataract is the more common name for posterior capsular opacification (PCO), a common side effect after cataract surgery where blurry vision causes people to think their cataracts have returned.
Book an Appointment
Find A Doctor
Locations
Last Updated: October 23, 2020
Treatment of Posterior Capsular Opacification (PCO) in Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky
Posterior Capsular Opacification (PCO) is sometimes confused with cataracts because the visual symptoms may be similar. However, once a cataract is removed, it is not possible for cataracts to return. Posterior capsular opacification is a result of clouding of a membrane that surrounds the replacement lens implanted during cataract surgery. Fortunately, PCO is easily treated using a YAG (Yttrium Aluminum Garnet) laser.
Symptoms of PCO
Symptoms of PCO are similar to the symptoms experienced with a cataract. They include:
A gradual decrease of vision
Vision that is blurry
Glare around lights
Sensitivity to sunlight
Halos around lights
Diagnosis of a Posterior Capsular Opacification
After a thorough medical examination of the eyes, the following tests may be conducted to confirm diagnosis:
Dilated eye examination
Slit-lamp examination
Visual acuity assessment
Glare testing
YAG Laser Treatment After Cataract Surgery
If your examination confirms that you have posterior capsular opacification,
laser surgery may be recommended. This procedure uses a YAG (Yttrium Aluminum Garnet) laser to open a window in the
lens capsule to restore clear vision. Posterior capsulotomy is a painless outpatient procedure that takes less than 15 minutes. Most patients experience an improvement in vision very quickly, however this may vary depending on the extent of the clouding experienced and the patient’s overall eye health. Patients should be able to resume normal activities almost immediately.1
Blurry Vision After Cataract Surgery?
If you are experiencing poor or blurry vision after cataract surgery, it is possible that YAG laser treatment by an experienced ophthalmologist could restore clarity to your vision in as little as 15 minutes. For more information on posterior capsular opacification, please contact one of CEI’s convenient locations in Cincinnati or Northern Kentucky.
Contact Us
1 American Academy of Ophthalmology. What is a Posterior Capsulotomy? Available: https://www.aao.org/eye-health/treatments/what-is-posterior-capsulotomy. Accessed October 2, 2020.
The
doctors at Cincinnati Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed the content on this site.
Call
Appointments
Search