https://www.bloodline.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Carden Jennings Publishing Co., Ltd., Privacy Statement
The privacy of our users on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because Carden Jennings Publishing Co., Ltd. (CJP), does gather certain types of information about our users, we feel that you should completely understand the conditions and terms surrounding the gathering and use of information about those using our sites and services. This Privacy Policy Statement divulges what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. In the policy, the pronouns “you” and “your” are used to refer to the end user, while “we,” “us” and “our” are used to refer to CJP.
By accessing the CJP website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy Statement. We may amend this Statement at any time; if we make changes to our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
This Statement was last revised on June 1, 2016. Any questions regarding our Privacy Policy Statement should be directed to CJP (privacyinfo@cjp.com) for clarification and further elaboration.
Collecting Information
CJP gathers and tracks information/data that users provide through registration on our site. In addition to this gathering of information by the registration of users and in an effort to improve our site, CJP also gathers information through tracking systems depending on the service being used by you. The tracking systems include deriving data by tallying page views throughout our site and capturing information on the type of browser being used to view the site, tracking what pages you have visited while on the site, and tracking what computers respond to a CJP survey. This information enables us to better provide educational programming and to respond to our users’ needs and is gathered solely on an aggregate basis.
CJP may gather information on our users in the following ways:
Registration
We do not collect personally identifiable information (PII) from you unless you provide it to us knowingly in connection with an educational activity. For the registration process, CJP may require some information, like name, e-mail address, and profession, while other information requested will be voluntary and optional. Information collected in the registration process is never shared with third parties in a personally identifiable way.
Usage Tracking
CJP uses traffic analysis software on our servers to track user traffic patterns throughout our site. CJP uses this data to break down overall usage statistics according to IP address, domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the data automatically sent by the browser whenever a web page is requested.
Other Usage
CJP uses PII, and any data, personal or otherwise, that you provide and which may be saved on the Website, to provide our products and services. In addition to the ways in which we may use NPI, examples of the ways in which we may use PII include but are not limited to:
To respond to your questions.
To provide to you the services or subscriptions you select.
To contact you regarding CJP’s CME activities, news, or other resources.
To send you information you request.
To send and manage educational outcomes measurement surveys.
To advise you of products or services that may be available at CJP.
To notify you about website maintenance, updates, and new features.
To contact you as needed to address a suspected violation of the Terms and Conditions of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any other rules or policies applicable to the Website.
To inform you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy.
To confirm or fulfill purchase and registration requests.
To display content we think may be of interest to you and otherwise help us customize what you see when you visit the Website.
To solicit user feedback to assess user-satisfaction or other needs and interests.
To help us in creating new tools, features, and services.
To send you materials on behalf of trusted third parties.
Otherwise in rendering, administering, and improving the Website, our services, and our business.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that resides only on your own computer and that can be accessed only by the server that originally created the cookie. A cookie cannot store or send back any information to CJP that you have not specifically and voluntarily provided while on a CJP site, or that is not among the information mentioned above that is contained in every user’s browser (i.e., domain name, browser type). We use cookies only so that we may tally the number of unique users who visit our site, and potentially to permit greater personalization of the site to your preferences and specifications.
Sharing of the information
CJP may provide aggregate Non-Personal Information (NPI) to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of the Website and the activities they conduct while on the Website. We might for example inform a pharmaceutical company (that exhibits at a CJP conference or sponsors non-CME symposia held in conjunction with a CJP conference) that “25% of conference attendees/participants are medical oncologists” or that “10% of our conference attendees/participants work in an academic setting.”
CJP discloses your “limited PII” which does not include your professional affiliation/institution, address, or contact information to third parties who solicit and/or manage non-CME symposia held in conjunction with CJP’s conferences. CJP requires any other organization that we retain or engage to provide support services to us to conform to our privacy information pertaining to “Sharing of the Information” section of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. CJP also provides Aggregate NPI to third parties who exhibit at CJP conferences.
Third party vendors are prohibited from using NPI or “limited PI” contained in pre-registration and attendee lists to:
Engage in activities that would violate any fiduciary or contractual relationship; any applicable local, state, national, or international law; or any regulations having the force of law, including but not limited to operating an illegal lottery or gambling operation, stalking or making threats of harm;
Transmit Content that is inaccurate, harmful, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, racist, violent, offensive, or harassing;
Causes duress, distress, or discomfort to another;
Is otherwise objectionable to CJP, the conference sponsor;
Violates or infringes anyone’s intellectual property rights;
Constitutes electioneering, such as exhortations to vote for or against any candidate for public office;
Is misleading, incomplete, or incorrect related to any aspect of cancer diagnosis, treatment, and care;
Implies a relationship with or endorsement of CJP;
Solicit for any for-profit venture, operation, or effort.
While information is critical to CJP’s ability to provide high quality service to you, our most important asset is the trust that our visitors place in how we provide that service. Keeping our visitor information secure, and using it only as our visitors would want us to, is a top priority for all of us at CJP. Consequently our privacy standards are designed to, on a commercially reasonable basis:
Collect and use only the minimum information necessary for us to deliver high quality service to users, to administer our business, and to let you know of products and services that are available from CJP and trusted third parties;
Protect the information our visitors share with us, maintaining strong standards of security and confidentiality;
Require any other organization that we retain or engage to provide support services to us to conform to our privacy standards.
CJP does not share PII with any third party except as outlined in the “Sharing of the Information” section of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use or as necessary to comply with applicable legal requirements. Please note that CJP does not control the practices of our educational partners or sister organizations. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
“No-spam” policy
Your e-mail address will not be sold to a third party if you register to receive information about our certified medical education offerings or educational surveys or if you participate in an educational activity on our site.
Delete/deactivate policy
You may request to have your personal information removed from CJP’s databases by sending a request via e-mail to privacyinfo@cjp.com, including your first and last names and e-mail address with which you originally registered. Changes or corrections to your information may be submitted in the same fashion. Please note that if you have received credit for participating in a certified medical education activity, information collected for the certificate process must remain on file with us as the accredited provider in accordance with governing compliance regulations.
Opt-in List Privacy Policy
When you register with CJP, you are joining an opt-in list, which means you may occasionally receive educational activity announcements or related information, whether it is sent directly by us or by our approved educational partners. You may have your e-mail address removed from the CJP opt-in list at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained at the end of the e-mail you receive.
Mailing Address: Carden Jennings Publishing Co., Ltd., 375 Greenbrier Drive, Suite 100, Charlottesville, Virginia, 22901.
CME Accredited Courses:Optimal Use of Autologous Transplantation and Stem Cell Mobilization