http://www.osborneny.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomeAboutPrivacy Policy
Board of Directors
Events
Leadership
Our Financials
Volunteer
See us, Support us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Osborne Association (Osborne) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate Osborne’s firm commitment to the privacy of our supporters and website users. This policy applies to information received by Osborne both, online and offline, as well as any electronic, written or oral communications.  This policy explains what types of information are collected by Osborne’s website, www.osborneny.org, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Osborne supporters who sign up to receive Osborne Association e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always "opt-out," either now or at any time in the future if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
Osborne uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.osborneny.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
www.osborneny.org may use "cookies" to provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you've done and told us before. The "cookie" is stored in your computer’s web browser and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you're particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of www.osborneny.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts; to answer your requests; to process donations; maintain records of donations, send acknowledgments, mail year-end tax statements, send newsletters, notices, and direct mail pieces, and for internal marketing purposes. We may also use your information to track visitors of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users' needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties. You may choose to opt-out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. To do so, please use the opt-out/unsubscribe feature in any Osborne communication or email optout@osborneny.org. To review the personal information that we have in our records and request corrections, please email donorinfo@osborneny.org.
Email & Data Privacy
Osborne does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses or any other user/donor information to anyone outside the organization nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. Osborne follows best practices for data storage and donor records. We do not maintain copies of checks, credit card information, dates of birth, or other sensitive personal information in our donor or fiscal databases.  To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, your information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation. Our electronic records do include name, address, email address, newsletter subscription status, and history of volunteer or financial support as applicable.
External Links
www.osborneny.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.osborneny.org domain, and Osborne is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Share this page