http://www.healthreserve.com/privacy.htm
Your Trusted Source for Information on Health
Privacy
The Health Reserve provides general information on various health topics. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the information on the site or on third party sites. The Health Reserve contains links to Web sites operated by third parties, for example nih.gov. The Health Reserve has no control over the privacy policies and practices of any third party site. Please review the terms of use of all third party sites.
Personal Information
The Health Reserve does not require personal information of any sort for website access or use. Some of our third party sites may collect addresses, use cookies, etc. Please review the privacy policies of all third party sites.
We do not share information with any third party site.
Aggregate information
We use general traffic, site usage and length of stay information in our internal reports. This sort of information is shared only on an aggregated basis and does not personally identify you.
Use of Cookies
We do not use cookies
Children's privacy
This site is intended for adults age 18 and over. It is not intended for use or designed to be used by persons under the age of 18.
Email
The Health Reserve does not collect email addresses.
If you email an inquiry to the Health Reserve, we make every effort to respond in a timely fashion. Once we have responded to your inquiry, it will be discarded.
The email functionality on the Health Reserve is not SSL protected and may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user while in transit to us. If your communication is of a private matter, please do not use our email.
Complaint process
If you have a complaint or problem, or if you think that your privacy rights have been violated, please email the Health Reserve by clicking on the Contact us page.
Changes to our privacy and security policies
Privacy and security on the Internet is an evolving area. In the future, we may make changes to our Privacy policy that affects the use of the personal emails we collect. We do not notify users of these policy changes, so please review the posted privacy policy each time you access the Health Reserve.
Copyright 2003-2010 Healthreserve.com All Rights Reserved. All images remain property of their respective owners.
General Health
Home
Arthritis
Diet & Nutrition
Weight Loss
Diet Pills
Exercise
Obesity
Diabetes
Asthma
Smoking
Vision
Contact Lenses
Dieting
Men's Health
Viagra
Erectile Dysfunction
Premature Ejaculation
Prostate
Vasectomy
Hair Loss
Women's Health
Sexual Disorders
Birth Control
Skin Care
Infertility
Weight Loss
Breast
Cosmetic
Cosmetic Surgery
Botox
Resources
Privacy
About Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Health Resources