http://www.ncaddnj.org/public_policy
New Advocates Sign Up
Advocacy Leadership Program
Public Policy
Contact Us
Donate
Job Opportunities
Resources
WFNJ-SAI-BHI
Research
Blogger
Decriminalization
COVID19-Resources
HIPAA Notices
Agency Annual Report FY19-20
Summer 2020 Edition
Pages 13-37 Highlight Behavioral Health Resources
2020 Advocacy Training
Updated
May 2020...Road to Recovery Campaign-Outlines Legislation Encompassing Key Behavioral Health Issues
NEW CAMPAIGN ANNOUNCED TO ACHIEVE EFFECTIVE PARITY ENFORCEMENT IN 10 STATES
SBIRT Initiative Focuses on Youth
NCADD's Founder
About
Since 1982....
Vision:
NCADD-NJ will help lead efforts to ensure that NJ is a State that provides an integrated recovery-oriented system of care that provides needed evidence-based behavioral health prevention and recovery services to its residents as a human right.
Our Mission:  In order to realize our Vision, NCADD-NJ will strive to be the center of excellence in New Jersey addressing recovery and wellness for behavioral health issues, and to serve as the premier advocacy organization with and on behalf of individuals, families, and communities within this continuum; Maintain a reputation for expertise, impartiality and the pursuit of excellence in public policy and education, care coordination, and recovery leadership, as well as through the advancement of progressive recovery and wellness- based approaches to health; Lead NJ in the transition from an acute care model of treatment towards establishment and maintenance of a recovery-oriented system of care for individuals affected by behavioral health issues and contributing social determinants of care; Be a leader in the application of advancing technology that makes recovery services more accessible and effective, and also protects rights, interests, and privacy of the clients.
We sponsor a wide range of programs and services designed to fulfill our mission and goals. These activities include reviewing and analyzing legislation in relation to the organization's mission and the development and management of a statewide network of grassroots community advocates organized throughout the state if New Jersey. Through our African Initiative, NCADD-NJ has established corporations in both Nigeria and Kenya to carry on advocacy work in those countries. NCADD-NJ also operates the Substance Abuse Initiative (SAI) and Behavioral Health Initiative (BHI). The SAI is a statewide Work First New Jersey welfare-to-work program funded by the New Jersey Department of Human Services. The goal of the SAI is to eliminate addiction as a barrier to employment. The New Jersey Department of Human Services' Division of Family Development (DFD) awarded NCADD-NJ the Family Violence Option (FVO) initiative, which was implemented on January 1, 2018. The FVO makes recommendations to the County/Municipal Welfare Agencies (CWA/MWA) to grant up to five different waivers to General Assistance (GA) and Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF) recipients. The purpose of the FVO waivers are to protect the GA/TANF recipients who are in imminent danger from the perpetrator. The Risk Assessors will work closely with the CWA/MWAs to make all reasonable efforts to provide childcare and transportation to make it possible for individuals to complete the risk assessment and safety planning.
These are just a few of the ways we work to address the problem of drug and alcohol addiction. Please explore this website for more information, or call us at 609-689-0599.
Our Vision, Values and Board of Directors can be found here. You can find a current annual report here.
This website is made possible, in part, by a grant from the New Jersey Division of Mental Health and Addiction Services.“NCADD-NJ, 360 Corporate Blvd, Robbinsville, NJ 08691, 609-689-0599NCADD-NJ Privacy Policy
Tweets by NCADDNJ
Contact
Optional email code
Contact us
First Name
Last Name
Email
Send me email updates
Address (Street, City, State, Postal code)
Do you like this page?
Tweet
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with Email
Optional email code
Events and Meetings
Need Help?
NCADDNJ
Follow @NCADDNJ on Twitter