http://www.tlm-ni.org/terms-conditions
×
Donate
Home
What we do
How you can help
Resources
Contact
Shop
News
SCOT
ENG & WLS
INT
Donate
We use cookies to make your experience of our website better. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Ok, I agree Find out more
Terms & Conditions
Home
Current:
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE
This website (“The Website”) is provided free of charge by The Leprosy Mission Northern Ireland (“The Charity”).  The Charity requires that you agree to the following terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, please cease use of the Website immediately. If you continue to use the Website, you will be deemed to agree to the terms which appear below and will be bound by them.
The term ‘The Leprosy Mission’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the Website whose registered office is Lagan House, Queens Road, Lisburn, BT27 4TZ. Our company registration number is NI640401 and our registered charity number is NIC106322. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our Website.
We reserve the right to refuse access to the Website and the Website is subject to change without notice.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy which, together with these terms, governs your use of the Website.
We grant you a limited licence to access and make use of the Website but not to download, but for specifically created downloadable resources, or modify it or any portion of it. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of the Website or its contents. You may not create a link to these websites from another website or document without our prior consent.
Copyright
All content included within the pages of the Website including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, images, software and digital downloads is and shall at all times be the property of the Charity and is protected by UK and European copyright laws. Reproduction is prohibited except in accordance with the following Copyright Notice:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only; and
You may copy the content to individual third parties only if you acknowledge the Website as the source of material
Any information produced on this Website which is not the property of the Charity is acknowledged on the Website.
Your use of the website
Neither we, nor any third parties, provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found on the Website for any particular purpose.  You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors.  Your use of such information is at your own risk and it shall be your own responsibility to verify information. We expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors.
You must not use the Website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the Website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way. You understand that you are responsible for all electronic communications and content sent from your equipment to the Charity and you must use the Website for lawful purposes only. In particular, you must not use the Website for any fraudulent purposes or to send, use or re-use any material that is illegal, offensive, indecent, defamatory, obscene, in breach of copyright, trademark, confidence, privacy or any other right or is otherwise injurious to third parties or which consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any spam.
Unauthorised use of the Website may give rise to a claim for damages and may also constitute a criminal offence.
This Website may include links to other websites not owned by the Charity. These links are provided as reference points and we make clear that this does not signify that the Website is endorsed by the Charity and we have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites.
Your use of this Website and any dispute arising out of such use of the Website is subject to the laws of Northern Ireland.
Share this Page
Sign up to receive InTouch, our FREE magazine
Sign Up