http://www.bsped.org.uk/privacy/
You are here
>Home
>
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The British Society for Paediatric Endocrinology (BSPED) and our membership management provider, Bioscientifica Ltd (hereafter referred to as ‘we’, ‘us’, and ‘our’) are dedicated to ensuring that your privacy is protected in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This privacy policy tells you what to expect when we collect information from you via this website.What data do we collect?CookiesWhen you use the BSPED website, we send your computer a small file called a cookie, which we can access when you visit this site in future. To analyse our cookie data, we use a third party service provided by Google LLC called Google Analytics. We collect this information to help this site run smoothly, to automatically populate your login information, and to analyse trends in the way our users interact with the site. We will never process your cookie data in a way that identifies you as an individual. We may use cookies that contain pseudonymous identifiers (for example your membership number), but we do not connect this information to any personal data that we hold about you. If you use third party social media services such as Twitter and Facebook via this site, those services may also place cookies on your computer when you use this site.  Third party cookies are not covered by this policy, and we encourage users to read the cookie policies of these sites.You can change your cookie preferences for this site at any time by clicking ‘cookie settings’ in our website footer (at the bottom of every page on this site).Data you supply via online formsYou may choose to submit your personal information to us by filling in an online form on or via this website. Examples of when we may collect personal information from you in this way include:•    when you apply for, or renew, your BSPED membership•    when you apply for a BSPED grant.Whenever you provide your personal information to us via an online form, we will ensure that the form contains a clear statement, outlining exactly how we will use your data, and how long we will retain your data for.We will only ever use your personal data for marketing purposes if you have consented to this.Information we collect at receipt and opening of emailsWe use a third party provider, Dotdigital, to deliver our newsletter. If you have opted-in to receive the BSPED newsletter, we may collect the following information on your email consumption:•    how you interacted with each email: e.g. whether you opened, deleted or forwarded the email,  and details of any links you clicked•    the type of device you used to open the email•    your browser type and operating system•    your geographic location.For more information, please see Dotdigital's privacy policy. How is my information stored?The information you provide to us via this website is stored on Bioscientifica’s systems on a secure remote server. Bioscientifica has implemented stringent security policies and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorised use, or accidental loss. Any personal information held by Bioscientifica is stored securely, and is only accessible by authorised personnel. Individuals’ data is only stored for as long as it is required, and will be securely disposed of appropriately when it is no longer needed.Inclusion in the BSPED membership directoryMembers of BSPED have the opportunity to include their name, membership type, and contact details in the Society's membership directory to maximise opportunities for networking and collaboration. This information is only ever available to other members of BSPED. You can give or withdraw consent to be included in the membership directory at any time by changing your preferences in the ‘my profile’ section of the members’ area.DisclosureWe do not disclose your personal data to other organisations other than as necessary for the purposes for which you have supplied your information, to comply with our legal obligations, or to ensure data integrity.For the purpose of data integrity, your information may be made available to other societies managed by Bioscientifica Ltd. For example, if you provide an address change to one society, this will be used to update your address for any other Bioscientifica-managed society of which you are a member.  The Bioscientifica-managed societies that we may share information with are listed below:•    European Society of Endocrinology•    European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology•    Society for Endocrinology•    UK and Ireland Neuroendocrine Tumour SocietyLinks to third party websitesThis website may contain links to other websites. Any third party websites are not covered by this privacy policy, and we encourage our users to refer to the privacy policies on these websites.Your rightsYou have the right to access any personal information that Bioscientifica Ltd holds about you. If we do hold information about you we will, upon your request:•    give you a description of the information we hold about you•    tell you why we are holding this information•    tell you who this information could be disclosed to•    allow you to have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.If you would like access your personal information, please contact: Tel: +44 (0)1454 642200Email: dataprotection@endocrinology.org Post: Starling House, 1600 Bristol Parkway North, Bristol, BS34 8YUChanges to this privacy policyIf we make any changes this privacy policy, we will make the updated version available via this website. We will not make changes to the way that we use your personal data without first obtaining your consent to do so. This policy was last updated on 15 May 2018.