http://www.safe4kids.ca/privacy-policy/
Safe 4 Kids
Menu
Home
Club House
Library
Playground
School
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
TweetEmail
TweetEmailPrivacy Policy:safe4kids ("safe4kids") operates safe4kids.ca and may operate other websites. It is safe4kids policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, safe4kids collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. safe4kids purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how safe4kids visitors use its website. From time to time, safe4kids may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
safe4kids also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on safe4kids.ca blogs/sites. safe4kids only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to safe4kids websites choose to interact with safe4kids in ways that require safe4kids to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that safe4kids gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at safe4kids.ca to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with safe4kids are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, safe4kids collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with safe4kids. safe4kids does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
safe4kids may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. safe4kids may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, safe4kids does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
safe4kids discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on safe4kids behalf or to provide services available at safe4kids websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using safe4kids websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. safe4kids will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, safe4kids discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when safe4kids believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of safe4kids, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an safe4kids website and have supplied your email address, safe4kids may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with safe4kids and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. safe4kids takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. safe4kids uses cookies to help safe4kids identify and track visitors, their usage of safe4kids website, and their website access preferences. safe4kids visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using safe4kids websites, with the drawback that certain features of safe4kids websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If safe4kids, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that safe4kids goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of safe4kids may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by safe4kids and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, safe4kids may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in safe4kids sole discretion. safe4kids encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a safe4kids.ca account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
About Us School Stuff
Classroom Poster – Do your friends at school know what to do in case of an allergic reaction? Print out a copy of this poster to hang in your school or classroom.
Recent Post
Know someone who does
adult to help you scan your picture
Do you have a picture that you have drawn
Share Your Art
Dreams of Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHJikRZ9BJM
© Copyright 2019 - Travel WordPress Theme