http://www.infoway-inforoute.ca/en/terms-of-use
Terms Of Use
Share this page:
Tweet
0
in
Share
Share
Print Email
Terms of Use
June 23, 2014
Welcome
Copyright and trademarks
Registration and Passwords
Blogs & Submissions
Code of Conduct
Linking
Disclaimer/limitation of liability
Privacy
Applicable laws
Welcome
Canada Health Infoway Inc. ("Infoway"), welcomes you to its websites which include www.infoway-inforoute.ca, infocentral.infoway-inforoute.ca, betterhealthtogether.ca, enmeilleuresanteensemble.ca, imagineNationchallenge.ca, defiimagination.ca, prescribeit.ca, prescriptioncan.ca, access2022.ca and acces2022.ca (collectively, the "Websites").
Please read the following terms of use ("Terms of Use") before using the website. By accessing or using our website, you recognize, acknowledge, accept and agree to be bound by all the Terms of Use set forth herein. We may change or modify the content of our website as well as these Terms of Use at our sole discretion and without prior notice, and you agree to comply with and be bound by such Terms of Use as they may be modified, changed or amended.
If you violate any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use this website and its content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of such content. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, your sole recourse is to leave this website.
back to top
Copyright and Trademarks
The entire content of our website, including but not limited to, information, materials and texts provided on this website is our property and is protected, amongst others, by copyright law and international treaties. It has been posted with the intent that it be available and accessible for personal and public non-commercial use. Such content may be reproduced for your personal and non-commercial use in whole or in part and by any means without any charge or further permission from Infoway, provided that:
Proper copyright notices are provided and Infoway is acknowledged as the source of the work (hyperlinking to the URL of the source when using online, and citing the URL of the source in print, as well as the author, if applicable);
Users exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced; and
The reproduction is not represented as an original version of the materials reproduced, nor as having been made in affiliation with or with the endorsement of Infoway.
Reproduction of multiple copies of Infoway content from this website, in whole or in part, for commercial use, resale or distribution is strictly prohibited except with the prior written permission of Infoway. To obtain written consent for such reproduction, please contact us.
Some of the materials and graphical elements found on our website are retrieved from sources external to Infoway and as such, are subject to copyrights held by other organizations. In such cases, some restrictions on the reproduction of materials or graphical elements may apply and it may be necessary to seek permission from the respective rights holder prior to reproducing the material or elements thereof.
Certain names, words, titles, logos, graphics or designs on this website may constitute trademarks, registered or not, service marks or trade names (collectively the "Marks") and are our property, or the property of other owners who have granted us the right and licence to use such Marks. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the material contained on the Infoway website.
You may not alter, transform or modify any of the information contained on this website in any way without the prior written consent of Infoway.
back to top
Registration and Passwords
To access certain portions of the website, you may be asked to complete an online registration form. You agree to provide true, current, complete and accurate information as requested on any registration form to which this website may direct you, and to update that registration information as soon as possible after any information on such registration form changes.
Upon registration, you may provide us with (or we may assign) a password and/or user name. You alone are responsible for keeping that password and user name confidential, and for any and all activity that occurs on the website under such user name or password. You agree to immediately notify Infoway of any unauthorized use of your password or user name or any other breach of security.
We reserve the right to disclose any information about you, including registration data, in order to comply with any applicable laws and/or requests under legal process, to operate our systems properly, to protect our property or rights, to safeguard the interests of others and pursuant to our Privacy Policy.
back to top
Blogs & Submissions
Infoway may from time to time make blogs, discussion forums, and other interactive features (the "Blogs") available to you, provided that in connecting to and using such Blogs, you abide by the Code of Conduct (set out below), the other conditions of these Terms of Use, and any other rules which may be published from time to time by Infoway. Infoway is not responsible for third party material posted on such Blogs and will not have any liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity or otherwise. Infoway may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review activity and the content of any communications on these Blogs. Infoway reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the privilege of any user to post on a Blog or to participate in other Infoway services if such users violate these Terms of Use and/or the Code of Conduct.
Subject to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy and to the other conditions contained in these Terms of Use, should you submit any notes, messages / billboard postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or any other material ("Material") to our website, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential. By submitting Material, you grant Infoway a worldwide, non-exclusive, unrestricted, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, assignable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, create derivative works from, translate, license, publicly perform and display the Material (in whole or in part) and/or to incorporate it in any other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed, without your prior approval, and you further waive any "moral rights" that you may have in the Material. In addition, by submitting the Material to Infoway, you represent and warrant that you have the full right and authority to grant the foregoing rights to the Material to Infoway. Infoway is not responsible for the content of any submission to the website. You understand and agree that submissions represent the views and opinions of the person(s) submitting same.
back to top
Code of Conduct
As a condition of your continued access to and use of the website, you agree to abide by all applicable federal, provincial, territorial and other laws and regulations. In addition, without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to:
upload, post, e-mail, link or otherwise transmit any material that:
constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
infringes any patent, trade-mark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary or privacy rights of any party;
is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
contains any form of destructive software such as a virus, worm, Trojan horse, time bomb, cancelbot, or any other harmful components or any other computer file, program or code, designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment;
harvest or otherwise collect or store any information (including personal information) about other users of the website, including e-mail addresses, without the express consent of such users;
mislead others by creating a false identity of the sender or the origin of a message, or otherwise;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an Infoway employee, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the website, other computer systems or networks connected to the website, through password mining or any other means;
interfere with or disrupt networks or servers connected to the website;
use, download or otherwise copy, or provide to any person or entity any website user directory or other user or usage information or any portion thereof other than in the context of your use of the website; and
facilitate or encourage any of the above conduct.
The foregoing is hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Code of Conduct."
Linking
It is our goal to provide increased value to you, our visitors. Therefore, our website might offer you links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties and therefore not affiliated with us. Please understand that such linked websites are independent from Infoway and that Infoway has no control over the content of such websites. Consequently, Infoway cannot be held liable and makes no warranty or representation of any kind whatsoever as to the quality, accuracy, timeliness and completeness of the information contained on such websites.
The links which we might place on our website do not imply that we sponsor, endorse or are affiliated or associated with, or have been legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, symbol or other copyrighted materials displayed on or accessible through such sites.
Nevertheless, we welcome any feedback that you may have concerning the external links that we have placed on our website.
back to top
Disclaimer/limitation of liability
Although we strive to update and keep accurate as much as possible the content contained on our website, errors and/or omissions may occur. The content contained in this website or which may be downloaded from this website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. As such, Infoway makes no warranty or representation regarding the quality, accuracy or completeness of such content and expressly disclaims liability for errors and/or omissions in said content.
In no event shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, even if we have been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, tort, civil liability, or any other liability or basis arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this website.
The Internet is not a fully secure medium, and therefore confidentiality and privacy of the information transmitted thereon cannot be ensured. Infoway will not be liable for any damages resulting from the transmission of confidential or personal information. Please refer to our Privacy Policy.
We offer no guarantee of the longevity of our website or that it will be available on an uninterrupted or error-free basis and reserve the right to suspend, alter, amend or terminate it or its content or links at any time , at our sole discretion and without prior notice. We assume no responsibility for any prejudice resulting from the suspension, alteration, amendment or termination of this website.
Harassment or the use of obscene or abusive language in any manner or form on this website or any of our websites is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including our employees, hosts, or representatives or other members or visitors of this website is prohibited. You may not post, upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the website any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or which may constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law, or solicit others (on behalf of Infoway) to join or become members of any online service or other organization.
back to top
Privacy
Any information that we may collect is done in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
back to top
Applicable laws
These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Quebec and of the laws of Canada applicable therein, and any dispute is to be submitted to a court of competent jurisdiction in the judicial district of Montreal, Province of Quebec. If any provision of the present Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then such provision shall be severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
These Terms of Use and any and all other legal notices or statements posted on our website constitute the entire agreement between you and Infoway with respect to the use of our website and its content.
The parties hereto have requested that these Terms of Use be drawn up in English. Les parties reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais des présentes modalités d'utilisation.
Voir les Modalités d'utilisation pour la version française.
back to top
Legal Menu
Home
Site MapTerms Of UsePrivacy PolicyAccessibilityDisclaimers
RT @GovCanHealth: #GoC is working closely with PTs to make sure the 1st shipments of #COVID19 #vaccines are distributed quickly. From the i…
by Infoway
Digital Health Working for You.
Transforming health care in Canada through health information technology.
Contact Us
Our Locations
Toronto Office
Montreal Office
General Inquiries
T: (416) 979-4606 Toll Free: 1-888-733-6462
Procurement
T: (514) 868-0550
Media Inquiries
T: (416) 595-3167 Toll Free: 1-888-733-6462