http://www.idsociety.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to nav
Skip to content
Membership
MyIDSA
Journals & Publications
Podcasts & Videos
Events
HIVMA
IDSA Foundation
News
Contact Us
Join IDSA
Login
Search
Search
Search
Search
Guidelines
Practice Guidelines
Featured Guidelines
Lyme Disease
Babesiosis
COVID-19: Treatment and Management
Practice Guidelines App
Alphabetical Guidelines List
Guideline Development Process
Public Health
COVID-19
Facts About ID
Patient Stories
Climate Change
Antimicrobial Resistance
Opioid Epidemic
Ebola
Hurricane Resources
Hepatitis C
Lyme Disease
Immunization
Influenza
Measles
Zika
Clinical Practice
Antimicrobial Stewardship Centers of Excellence Program
Compensation
Billing and Coding
Quality Improvement
Telehealth
Medicare
Physician Leadership of Population Health Services
EIN (Emerging Infections Network)
myIDSA Practice Managers Community Opt-in Form
Research
G.E.R.M. Medical Students Grant
LEAP Fellowship
Research & Funding Opportunities
Research & Infrastructure
Professional Development
Leadership Institute
IDWeek
IDWeek Mentorship Program
IDSA Academy
Events
Career Center
Career Paths in ID
CME Opportunities
Maintenance of Certification
Fellows-In-Training Career & Education Center
ID Match
Medical Education Community of Practice
Policy & Advocacy
COVID-19 Advocacy
Take Action
Member Advocacy Program
Access & Reimbursement
Antimicrobial Resistance
Diagnostics
Emerging Infections and Biothreat
Funding Policy
Global Health
Immunization & Vaccination
Infection Prevention & Control
Research & Infrastructure
Workforce Policy
About Us
Mission & Values
History
Strategic Plan
Governance
Board of Directors
IDSA Committees
IDSA/HIVMA Board Elections
Industry Relations
Faces of ID
Inclusion, Diversity, Access & Equity
IDSA StaffLock
Committees
Volunteer
Year in Review
State and Regional Societies
Society Awards
Past Award Lecturers
Membership
MyIDSA
Journals & Publications
Podcasts & Videos
Events
HIVMA
IDSA Foundation
News
Contact Us
MyIDSA
Login
Privacy Policy
The Infectious Diseases Society of America (“IDSA”) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to and users of its websites and applications. This Privacy Policy sets out the privacy principles that we follow with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide through our website, including our domains and subdomains: www.idsociety.org, www.hivma.org and www.sciencespeaksblog.org as well as through other channels and at our events you may attend, including our downloadable application (collectively referred to as our "Service"). Information is collected primarily to help better serve IDSA members and others. IDSA uses encryption and other technology to store personal information gathered online in an attempt to provide a secure environment that is protected from unauthorized third party access, alteration, theft, or misuse.Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and email address will not be released, sold or rented to any entities or individuals outside of our organization except as noted below.WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT Our Service ProvidersWe may share your personal information with companies (including our affiliates) that perform services on our behalf. Our service providers are required by contract to protect the confidentiality of the personal information we share with them and to use it only to provide specific services on our behalf.Credit Card Account InformationIDSA does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, IDSA submits the information needed to secure payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.Selected Collaborative Partners and VendorsIDSA may share information with carefully selected collaborative partners in the following circumstances:
Mailing List: IDSA may rent its mailing list to third parties, who use the list to inform our members of educational opportunities and services that may be of interest to them. The information provided includes your name, society-assigned member number, organization, department, and mailing address. IDSA does not rent its e-mail list or provide phone numbers of members, except as noted here. IDSA reviews each list rental request on a case-by-case basis to ensure that the information being sent is relevant to our members.
Email List: IDSA may share its email list with selected third party collaborative partners and vendors whose products and services may be of interest to our members. Each arrangement to share IDSA’s email list is reviewed on a case-by-case basis to ensure that the products and services offered are relevant to our members. All recipients can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from IDSA collaborative partners by following the unsubscribe/opt-out instructions included on each email message.Business TransfersYour personal information may be transferred to another entity (either an affiliated entity or an unrelated third party) in connection with a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate event. If such a transfer were ever to occur, the acquiring entity’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.Government and Legal DisclosuresWe may disclose the personal information we collect through this Service, when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements that govern your use of this Service; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, or others.EXTERNAL SITESWe are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.COOKIESA "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows us to recognize you each time you visit this Service (personalization, etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and we do not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.REMEMBER THE RISKS WHENEVER YOU USE THE INTERNETWhile we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through our Site have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.If any user suspects that IDSA has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this Privacy Policy, or for any other information, please contact us using the Contact Us page.
Use of Personal InformationApplicants to IDSA are asked to provide personal and professional information. We use this information in order to:
Meet our mission to communicate information to our members,
Provide notice of important events, activities, and proposals,
Provide opportunities for networking and professional events,
Provide a professional directory (member access only),
Compile and provide mailing, approval, and attendance lists for meetings, and
Provide a list of members of committees and the Board of Directors.
Members may opt-out of having their information used for any of the above purposes by notifying IDSA.  See below for contact information.
IDSA does not disclose credit card account information.Your QueriesIf you have any questions regarding the IDSA Privacy Policy, would like to change information that you have provided, or suspect that IDSA has handled your data in a manner that does not comply with this Privacy Policy, please contact IDSA at membership@idsociety.org.
Amendments and UpdatesIDSA will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted here so that users will know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 11/18/19
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Cookies facilitate the functioning of this site including a member login and personalized experience. Cookies are also used to generate analytics to improve this site as well as enable social media functionality.
Ok