https://www.whiskerdocs.com/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Coronavirus Pet Update
Click here for guidance from our team of veterinary telehealth specialists on how the COVID-19 coronavirus can impact you and your pets.
Use coupon code COV19 to receive a 25% discount.
Privacy Policy
Have Pet Questions?Sign Up for our Newsletter
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Country *
United StatesCanada(other)
CancelYour information is safe and secure with us; please read out privacy policy for more details.
Leave this field blank
Privacy Policy
By using or accessing this website (“Site”) you signify your acknowledgment and agreement to the Privacy Policy set forth below. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this Site. Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. dba whiskerDocs can revise this policy at any time by updating this posting, and your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Please check this policy periodically for changes.
This policy is intended to help you understand how Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. and its affiliates (“Whiskers Worldwide, LLC.,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use, disclose and safeguard the information you provide on our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use or disclosure of information that is collected or obtained by us through means other than this Site.
Your use of our Site and any personal information you provide on the Site remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If there is a conflict between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use will control.
Personal Information
If you browse our Site, you may generally do so anonymously without providing any personal information. However, there are cases where we collect personally identifying information, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, and other personal information (“personal information”). You will know this personal information is being collected because you will have to fill out a form. We collect personal information and transactional information when you: (1) purchase products or services from our site (2) register for an account, (3) request to receive additional information regarding our products and services, (4) sign up for our newsletter or (5) send us any other type of question or message. If you choose not to give information we request, you can still visit most of our Site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services.
In case you change your mind or wish to update or delete your personal information, we will endeavor to correct, update or remove the personal information you give us. You can do this by contacting us at the contact points specified below.
Orders
When you place an order for a product, we need to know your contact/shipping information (including e-mail address), billing address, phone number and credit card information. This information is required so that we can process and fulfill your order and send an order confirmation, as well as notify you of your order status.
Marketing Messages
When you purchase products online from us, request product information or otherwise provide us with personal information, we may place you automatically on our contact list. We may send you direct mailings and e-mails regarding our company, our products or services, special offers or important issues. If you do not wish to receive these messages, you can simply utilize the opt-out method detailed in the message, respond to any email by telling us that you do not want to receive any future communications, or contact us at the contact points specified below.
Client Projects
In some cases, Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. will have been retained to collect personal information on behalf of a client, such as via a survey. In such cases we will provide the information we collect to our client pursuant to their instructions. We are not responsible for the contents of any survey (or other information provided by our client) or for the use of collected information by our client (or such client’s privacy practices).
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
We use the personal information that is collected through our Site to better serve our clients and users, customize their Site experience, and improve the content of our Site. Personal information that you provide will be used by Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. for our marketing and promotional purposes only. We may share your personal information as follows:
With a client of Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. if that client has retained us to collect personal information on their behalf, such as through a survey;
With third parties we have hired to help us provide a good or service you have requested or we want to offer, or help us to create or maintain the Site or enhance its functionality, but in all cases, these third parties are not authorized to use or disclose it for any other purpose; or
In the Special Cases set forth below.
We do not otherwise rent or sell to third parties your personal information entered on this Site.
We may use personal information about you and your visits to our Site to target advertisements to you on our web pages or in e-mails concerning Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. or its products or services.
We may share statistical or aggregated non-personal information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. This data is used to customize our Site content and advertising to deliver a better experience to our users.
Special Cases
Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. Site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law permits it or to respond to an emergency situation.
In the event Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. or its affiliates or their assets are sold, merged or otherwise involved in a corporate transaction, your personal information will likely be transferred as part of that transaction. We reserve to right to transfer your personal information without your consent in such a situation, provided that we will make reasonable efforts to see that your privacy preferences are honored by the transferee.
Specific areas or pages of this Site may include additional or different provisions relating to collection and disclosure of personal information. In the event of a conflict between such provisions and this Privacy Policy, such specific terms shall control.
Security
While we use reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, we cannot guarantee that personal information will always remain secure due to transmission errors, outside events, third party hacking or other causes. We will comply with all privacy laws and make any legally required disclosures regarding breaches of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information consistent with our ability to determine the scope of a breach and our legal obligations.
Cookies, Web Analytics and IP Tracking
Our web servers may collect general data pertaining to each Site user, including their internet protocol (IP) address, domain name, referring web page and the length of time spent and the pages accessed while visiting this Site. Some of this information may be used to infer your geographic location. Web usage information is collected to help us manage and administer our Site, improve the content of our Site, customize and improve the Site user experience, and identify and authenticate our users. Web analytic information may be gathered using the following methods: (1) cookies, (2) conversion tracking, and (3) general detection and use of your IP address or domain name.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a website to give you a unique ID. We use cookies to track new visitors to this Site and to recognize past users so that we may customize and personalize content. Cookies used by this Site do not contain any personal information. However, this Site’s advertisers’ and business partners’ websites may also use cookies which we do not control; therefore, we urge you to review those privacy policies before accessing or using those websites. If for any reason you don’t want to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features of our Site.
Conversion Tracking
Search engines offer a feature called “conversion tracking” which is a way to track clicks to sales from either search results or ads on search engines. Using either web beacons or visible images, depending upon the search engine, the search engine notes and saves information in a cookie with non-personal information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. Information is gathered in the aggregate, without unique personal data. Conversion tracking allows the search engine company and Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. to track clicks to sales, including the number of clicks (“visits”) it takes before a purchase is made and permits us to measure the effectiveness of our search engine participation.
Consent to Transfer
This Site is operated in the United States and is intended only for residents of the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any personal information you provide to Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. will be transferred to the United States, which does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union. By using this Site or providing us with your personal information you consent to this transfer.
Policies for Children
Whiskers Worldwide, LLC. does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from users under 13 years of age. No personal information should be submitted to this Site by guests under 13 years of age, and guests under 13 years old are not allowed to register for our accounts, contests, newsletters or activities. If we learn that personal information related to guests under 13 years of age has been collected on our Site, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. Any person who provides personal information to us through this Site represents that they are 13 years of age or older.
Linked Sites
Please be advised that our Site contains links to third party-operated websites. We may also provide links to social media sites that enable you to share information with those sites. We do not have any control over these sites and we are not responsible for the actions, contents or privacy practices of any linked site, including any of the social media sites. We urge you to review these websites’ policies, including their privacy policies, before accessing or using such sites.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
1. Your Rights
You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to exercise free of charge:
a. Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Please note that we are not required to:
Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained;
Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or
Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
b. Disclosure of Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.
c. Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on the your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
d. Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:
Deny goods or services to you;
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your personal information.
Sale of Your Personal Information
1. Notice Regarding the Sale of Your Personal Information or Use for a Business Purpose
We may sell or disclose to a third party personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information, we will refrain from selling your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the sale of your personal information.
2. How to Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of the Sale or Disclosure of Personal Information to a Third Party
To opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information, follow the directions on this page: https://www.whiskerdocs.com/ccpa or send an email with your request to privacy@whiskerdocs.com
Exercising Your Rights
1. How to Exercise Your Rights
If you would like to exercise any of your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please:
Complete the form on this page: https://www.whiskerdocs.com/ccpa
Email us with your request at privacy@whiskerdocs.com
Please note that you may only make a data access or data portability disclosure request twice within a 12-month period.
2. Verifying Your Identity
If you choose to contact directly by email, you will need to provide us with:
Enough information to identify you [(e.g., your full name, address and customer or matter reference number))];
Proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
A description of what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
We are not obligated to make a data access or data portability disclosure if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we collected information, or is someone authorized to act on such person’s behalf.
Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with you request will be used solely for the purposes of verification.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about the handling of your personal information, please contact us at the address below:
Whiskers Worldwide, LLC
9933 W Lawler Ave., Suite 325
Skokie, IL 60077
Attn: President
Telephone: 847.423.2635
Email: trevor@whiskerdocs.com
Policy Effective as of 1/31/2013
© 2013 Whiskers Worldwide, LLC dba whiskerDocs
Glossary Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 Whiskers Worldwide, LLC
Username or e-mail *
Password *