http://www.asacol.com/manage/helping-children-cope
×
AbbVie Inc. and Allergan plc are a new combined company. We will continue to honor any Allergan-provided privacy notices for personal information previously collected, used, and maintained by Allergan. Going forward, personal information will be processed by this website according to AbbVie’s privacy notice https://www.abbvie.com/privacy.html.
What if
we have a fun day without UC getting in the way?
DELZICOL® (mesalamine) may help reduce your mildly to moderately active ulcerative colitis symptoms so you can move forward.
Learn More
Save on DELZICOL
WHAT IF
I have difficulty swallowing
Delzicol® capsules whole?
DELZICOL® (mesalamine) is indicated for
the treatment of mildly to moderately
active UC in patients 5 years of age
and older. Different capsule, same
reliable treatment.
Learn More
Save on DELZICOL
What if
i can see good friends without
a UC episode?
Save on your DELZICOL® (mesalamine) prescription.
Learn More
Save on DELZICOL
Indications
DELZICOL® (mesalamine) delayed-release capsules is a prescription medication approved for the treatment of mildly to moderately active ulcerative colitis (UC) in patients 5 years of age and older and for the maintenance of remission of UC in adults.
Do I Have Ulcerative Colitis?
Learn the Symptoms
How DoesDELZICOL Work?
Find out More
Managing My Ulcerative Colitis
Get the Facts
Ulcerative Colitis Resources
Access Now
Back to top
See More
Important Risk Information
IMPORTANT RISK INFORMATION
Who should not take DELZICOL?
Do not take DELZICOL if you are allergic to:
salicylates, such as aspirin or medications that contain aspirin
aminosalicylates
any of the ingredients of DELZICOL
What should I tell my healthcare provider before taking DELZICOL?
Tell your healthcare provider if you:
Have or have had kidney problems
Are allergic to sulfasalazine
Have or have had heart-related allergic reactions, such as inflammation of the heart muscle (myocarditis) or inflammation of the lining of the heart (pericarditis)
Take any iron-containing supplements
Have or have had liver problems
Have or have had a stomach blockage
Are pregnant, nursing, or are planning to become pregnant or to breastfeed
Have any other medical conditions
What are the possible side effects of DELZICOL?
DELZICOL may cause serious side effects, including:
Kidney problems: Your doctor may check to see how your kidneys are working before taking DELZICOL. It is important to complete all blood tests ordered by your doctor.
A condition that may be hard to tell apart from a UC flare:
Symptoms include cramping, stomachache, bloody diarrhea, and sometimes fever, headache, and rash. If you experience any of these symptoms while on treatment, call your doctor right away. He or she may tell you to stop taking DELZICOL.
Hypersensitivity (allergic) reactions: If signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity occur, immediately call your doctor.
Liver failure: In patients who have or have had liver disease.
Blood disorders: Elderly patients and patients taking azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine need to monitor complete blood cell counts and platelet counts while taking DELZICOL.
The most common side effects of DELZICOL include:
Adults: belching, stomachache, constipation, dizziness, runny nose, back pain, rash, upset stomach, and flu symptoms.
Children (5 to 17 years of age): inflammation of the nose and pharynx, headache, stomachache, dizziness, inflammation of the sinuses, rash, cough, diarrhea, tiredness, fever, and increased lipase.
Tell your doctor if you have any side effect that bothers you or does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DELZICOL.
Before starting DELZICOL, tell your doctor about all medications you are taking, including:
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and naproxen. Taking these medications with DELZICOL may increase your risk of kidney problems.
Azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine. Taking these medications with DELZICOL may increase your risk of blood disorders.
What is DELZICOL?
DELZICOL (mesalamine) delayed-release capsules is a prescription medication approved for the treatment of mildly to moderately active ulcerative colitis (UC) in patients 5 years of age and older and for the maintenance of remission of UC in adults.
Please see
full Prescribing Information
for DELZICOL.
The product information provided on this site is intended only for residents of the United States. The products discussed on this site may have different product labeling outside of the United States.
The health information described on this site is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to substitute for discussions with a healthcare provider.