http://www.nva.org/policies/
Navigation
Privacy Policy
Home
This Privacy Policy applies to information gathered by or on behalf of National Vulvodynia Association and its employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and assignees (collectively “NVA”) at the www.nva.org website and any other websites owned or operated by NVA (collectively, the “NVA Website”) and governs data collection and usage. In addition to this Privacy Policy, NVA provides Terms of Use for its website applicable to website users. By using the NVA Website, you consent to the privacy and data practices described in this policy.
1. Collection of Personal Information
NVA may collect a variety of personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address, billing information, or telephone number for the uses set forth on the NVA Website, in the Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy. By providing or entering your personally identifiable information into the NVA Website, you hereby agree to allow NVA, to utilize such personally identifiable information for the purposes set forth on the NVA Website, in the Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy.
NVA may also collect information from your use of the NVA Website. We may collect information about the portions of the website you view or use and how and when you use them. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).
When you use our website or view content provided by NVA, we may automatically collect and store certain information. This may include details of how you used our website, such as your search queries; Internet protocol address; device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL; and cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
2.  Other Websites
NVA encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the NVA Website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. NVA is not responsible for the privacy policies or other content on websites outside of the NVA Website.
3.  Use of Personal Information
NVA collects and uses your personally identifiable information to operate the NVA Website and facilitate delivery of services and information to you. NVA may also use personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from NVA. NVA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.  Your personally identifiable information may be available to companies which provide services to NVA, such as mail houses and website hosts or others that provide services for or on behalf of NVA.
NVA may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within NVA Website. This data may be used by NVA to deliver customized content and advertising within NVA Websites to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. This information may also be used by NVA for the operation of the NVA Website, to maintain the quality of services that may be offered, to provide general statistics regarding use of the NVA Website, and for other purposes of NVA.
4.  Sharing or Disclosing Personal Information
In addition to any sharing described in this Privacy Policy for the product or service you are using, NVA may share or disclose personal information:
As part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets;
To comply with the law or respond to legal process or lawful requests, including from law enforcement and government agencies;
To protect the rights or property of NVA or their customers, including enforcing the terms governing your use of the services; or
To act on a good faith belief that access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of employees or customers of NVA or of the public.
5.  Use of Cookies
The NVA Website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the NVA services or other websites you visit.
6.  Security of Your Personal Information
NVA uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. If a password is used to help protect your personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share it. If you are sharing a computer, you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
7. Updates and Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such addition, change, update, or modification on this site. Any such addition, change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site. The effective date of this version of the privacy policy is 1/9/2013.
8.  Review, Revision or Deletion of Your Personal Information
If you wish to review your personal information that has been collected and maintained by NVA, or wish to request changes to or deletion of such personal information, contact us as provided below.
9. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our treatment of personal information, please feel free to contact us at 301-299-0775 or by mail at NVA, PO Box, 4491, Silver Spring, MD, 20914.