http://www.endocrinology.org/privacy
Privacy
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The Society for Endocrinology and our membership management provider, Bioscientifica Ltd (hereafter referred to as ‘we’, ‘us’, and ‘our’) are dedicated to ensuring that your privacy is protected in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This privacy policy tells you what to expect when we collect information from you via this website.
What data do we collect?
Cookies
When you use the Society for Endocrinology website, we send your computer a small file called a cookie, which we can access when you visit this site in future. To analyse our cookie data, we use a third party service provided by Google LLC called Google Analytics. We collect this information to help this site run smoothly, to automatically populate your login information, and to analyse trends in the way our users interact with the site.
We will never process your cookie data in a way that identifies you as an individual. We may use cookies that contain pseudonymous identifiers (for example your membership number), but we do not connect this information to any personal data that we hold about you.
If you use third party social media services such as Twitter and Facebook via this site, those services may also place cookies on your computer when you use this site. Third party cookies are not covered by this policy, and we encourage users to read the cookie policies of these sites.
You can change your cookie settings for this site at any time by clicking ‘cookie settings’ in our website footer (at the bottom of every page on this site).
Data you supply via online forms
You may choose to submit your personal information to us by filling in an online form on this website. Examples of when we may collect personal information from you in this way include:
when you apply for, or renew, your Society for Endocrinology membership
when you apply for a Society for Endocrinology grant.
Whenever you provide your personal information to us via an online form, we will ensure that the form contains a clear statement, outlining exactly how we will use your data, and how long we will retain your data for.
We will only ever use your personal data for marketing purposes if you have consented to this.
Information we collect at receipt and opening of emails
We use a third party provider, Dotdigital, to deliver our marketing emails. If you have opted-in to receive marketing communications from us, we will collect the following information on your email consumption:
how you interacted with each email: e.g. whether you opened, deleted or forwarded the email, and details of any links you clicked
the type of device you used to open the email
your browser type and operating system
your geographic location.
For more information, please see Dotdigital's privacy policy.
Inclusion in the Society for Endocrinology membership directory
Members of the Society for Endocrinology have the opportunity to include their details in the Society's membership directory to maximise opportunities for networking and collaboration. If you consent to this, the following personal information will be displayed in the membership directory.
Your name
Your job title
Your institution
How long you have been a member
Your telephone number and email address
This information is only ever available to other members of Society for Endocrinology, and will never be made available to the wider public. You can give or withdraw consent to be included in the membership directory at any time by changing your preferences in the ‘my profile’ section of the members’ area.
How is my information stored?
The information you provide to us via this website is stored on Bioscientifica’s systems on a secure remote server. Bioscientifica has implemented stringent security policies and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorised use, or accidental loss. Any personal information held by Bioscientifica is stored securely, and is only accessible by authorised personnel. Individuals’ data is only stored for as long as it is required, and will be securely disposed of appropriately when it is no longer needed.
Disclosure
We do not disclose your personal data to other organisations other than as necessary for the purposes for which you have supplied your information, to comply with our legal obligations, or to ensure data integrity.
For the purpose of data integrity, your information may be made available to other societies managed by Bioscientifica Ltd. For example, if you provide an address change to one society, this will be used to update your address for any other Bioscientifica-managed society of which you are a member.
The Bioscientifica-managed societies that we may share information with are listed below.
British Society for Paediatric Endocrinology & Diabetes
European Society of Endocrinology
European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology
UK and Ireland Neuroendocrine Tumour Society
Links to third party websites
This website may contain links to other websites. Any third party websites are not covered by this privacy policy, and we encourage our users to refer to the privacy policies on these websites.
Your rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Bioscientifica Ltd holds about you. If we do hold information about you we will, upon your request:
give you a description of the information we hold about you
tell you why we are holding this information
tell you who this information could be disclosed to
allow you to have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
If you would like access your personal information, please contact: Tel: +44 (0)1454 642200Email: dataprotection@endocrinology.org
Changes to this privacy policy
If we make any changes this privacy policy, we will make the updated version available via this website. We will not make changes to the way that we use your personal data without first obtaining your consent to do so. This policy was last updated on 16 May 2018.