https://www.senteq.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Select a page
FREE Design Service
Call Me Back
Further Information
About Us
Contact Us
News
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Privacy Policy
You are here:
Sensory Technology » Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Sensory Technology Ltd uses and protects any information that you give to us when using our website. Sensory Technology Ltd are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What information we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with this information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Your Security
Sensory Technology Ltd are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you whilst you use our site.
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies on our website. Alternatively, most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing, phoning or emailing us. A full list of ways to get in touch can be found on our contact us page.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us.
What We Do Sensory Rooms
Sensory Gardens
Sensory Soft Play
Sensory Pools
Sensor Floor
Calming Rooms
Floor and Wall Padding
Sensory Services
InformationAbout Us
Contact Us
Testimonials
FREE Design
Catalogues and Brochures
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
GDPR Statement
Contact Details Phone:01157 270 777
Email:
sales@senteq.co.uk
Opening Hours:
Mon-Fri | 9:00 to 17:00
Social:
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Newsletter
Sign up to get all our news and offers
Free DesignCal Me BackFurther Info
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. Read more.No problem