http://www.asra.com/privacy-statement
American Society ofRegional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine
Member directory
Join
Renew
Get involved
My profile
Search
Advisories & Guidelines
Meetings & CME
Resources
Journal & News
Research Grants
Trainees
Membership
Patient Information
About
Data Protection and Privacy Statement for the ASRA Website
Data Protection and Privacy Statement for the ASRA Website
This Data Protection and Privacy Statement relates solely to information supplied by you on this Website for the purposes of providing you with ASRA products or services (including but not limited to membership and meeting registration) via this website. ASRA respects the privacy of your personal information and will treat it confidentially and securely.
Any personal information provided by you to ASRA through this Website will be used for the purpose of providing and administering the products and services you have requested and for other related purposes which may include updating and enhancing records; advising you of other products and services which may be of interest to you; and planning, conducting, and monitoring ASRA business. ASRA will never disclose your personal data to third parties unless it is necessary to provide the goods or services which you have requested. You may request that your data be removed from our records at any time. Such a request must be provided in writing and may result in loss of access to products and services provided on the website.
PRIVACY POLICY
ASRA is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This Privacy Policy Statement provides information about the personal information that ASRA collects and the ways in which that personal information is used.
Personal information collection
ASRA may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you choose to provide for the purpose of registering with the website and for ASRA membership (including for example, your name, contact addresses and telephone numbers, date of birth, gender, email address, and other information collected on registration or through surveys)
Information about transactions carried out over this website (including applications and renewals for membership)
Information that you choose to provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including listing in and access to the membership, access to educational content)
Any other information that you send to ASRA
Using personal information
ASRA may use your personal information to:
Administer this website
Personalize the website for you
Enable your access to and use of the website services
Publish information about you on the website
Supply to you services that you purchase
Send you statements and invoices
Collect payments from you
Send you marketing communications (Note: You may unsubscribe from electronic marketing communications at any time by clicking "unsubscribe" on emails or by contacting our offices directly [see below].)
When ASRA discloses your personal information to its agents or subcontractors for these purposes, the agent or subcontractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified above, ASRA may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law; in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise, or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
ASRA will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. All the personal information you provide will be stored on secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that ASRA collects may be stored, processed, and transferred between any of the countries in which ASRA operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. Recognizing that laws vary among countries, ASRA will, to the best of its ability, conduct all such transactions in accordance with the laws of applicable countries.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
ASRA may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
ASRA is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact ASRA
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the treatment of your personal information, please contact ASRA Membership Services at3 Penn Center West Suite 224Pittsburgh PA 15276Tel. +1 412-471-2718 OR +1 855-795-2772 (toll free, U.S. Only)Fax: +1 412-471-7503Email: asramembership@asra.com
Cookies and web beacons
In order to help enhance the performance and functionality of the Site, we utilize session, persistent, and third-party “cookies” that store a small piece of data on a users’ computers and collect certain information about the users’ visit to our Site. We also use cookies to understand users’ browsing and buying activities so that we can measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run on the Site.Our Site also uses web beacons (either directly or from our partners), along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website. These beacons aid in providing more relevant advertising to the user, as well measuring the success of an advertising campaign, but provide no personally identifiable information.
Cookies are small text files that web servers typically send to users’ computer when they visit a website. Cookies are stored as text files on users’ hard drive, and can be accessed by web servers when the user visits a website or views an advertisement. A session cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user is using the Site but is deleted once the browser session is finished. A persistent cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user utilizes the Site and stores and uses that information in connection with future visits of the user to the Site. Third-party cookies and/or web beacons are cookies or web beacons provided by our technology and/or advertising partners. Any third-party cookie or web beacon that we authorize for use on the Site only collects that information described below for the same stated purposes as if we were directly collecting the information. For a third-party cookie or web beacon, the third-party will have access to the collected information in order to provide us with information or services to enhance the performance and functionality of the Site.
The cookies and web beacons we use collect non-personally identifiable information about users of the Site, including: browser used to access the site, date and time, the URL of the page being loaded, users who have visited a particular website(s), any previously assigned cookie identification (a unique identifier assigned to a user to identify repeat visitors), browser window size, the geographic location of the user, device and operating system used to access the Site. The information we collect from these cookies and web beacons is used to determine information about a user’s visit to our Site, including the number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed, navigation history through the website, and other statistics. This information is used to enhance the users experience while visiting our Site and to improve the performance of our Site by, among other things, allowing us to monitor Site performance, making the Site easier to use, measuring the effectiveness of promotional placements, and tailoring the Site (including the ads and offers a user receives) to better match a user’s interests and preferences.
Users who prefer not to accept cookies can set their Internet browser to notify them when they receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on their hard drive.If you consent to our collection of cookies and you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent, you will need to manage the settings on your web browser to delete all cookies and disallow further acceptance of cookies. Please note that disabling cookies on your browser will prevent us from tracking your activities in relations to our Site, however, it may also disable some of the functions and features of the Site and the Site may not work properly.
If you would like to determine your consent status, please contact us at asraassistant@asra.com.
By continuing to use our Site, you are agreeing to our placing cookies and/or web beacons on your computer in order to analyze the way you use our Site. Please read this cookie policy carefully for more details about the information we collect when you use the Site.
If you do not wish to accept cookies or web beacons in connection with your use of this Site, please discontinue use of the Site.
About
Advocacy
Committees
Awards
Call for Nominations
Past Leaders
Contact Us
American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine
Advancing the science and practice of regional anesthesiology and pain medicine to improve patient outcomes through research, education, and advocacy
3 Penn Center West, Suite 224
Pittsburgh,
PA
15276
855.795.ASRA toll-free in USA
412.471.2718
asraassistant@asra.com
About
Calendar
Patient information
Corporate partners
Donate
Designed and built in Chicago by Webitects
Copyright © 2020 American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine. All Rights reserved.
Terms of use
Privacy policy