http://www.charminghealth.com/purchase/privacy.htm
ABC
22
Privacy Statement Overview:
Agreement
Disclaimer
Code
of Ethics
Rates
Pricing
Policy
Privacy
Terms
Charming Health.com is recognized for our commitment to safeguarding our clients' privacy on our
website. We operate under the following set of strict privacy principles:
The only information Charming Health.com obtains about individual visitors to its
website is that supplied voluntarily by visitors.
In cases when Charming Health.com may need personal information to provide clients with customized content or to inform them about new features or services, visitors are explicitly asked for that information.
The information provided by visitors (specifically name, e-mail, home address, phone, etc.) will not be disclosed to any third party without the express permission of the client and/or their legally appointed guardian. Charming Health.com employs strict security measures to safeguard online transactions; personal information is stored in a secured database.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this
website:
IP Addresses:
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other.
Charming Health.com collects IP addresses in order to conduct system administration, report aggregate information to sponsors and advertisers, and to conduct site analysis. If a visitor requests pages from
Charming Health.com, the Charming Health.com servers enter the visitor's IP address into a log. To maintain visitor anonymity,
Charming Health.com does not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. However,
Charming Health.com will use IP addresses to identify any visitors who refuse to comply with
Charming Health.com's in-house rules or terms of service, and to identify visitors who threaten our service, site, customers or others.
Cookies:
Our site places a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a
website transfers to an individual's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Our site uses cookies during your online session to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies allow us to avoid showing you the same ad or other message repeatedly. Our cookies do not contain personal information. They do enable
Charming Health.com to relate your use of the site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to our site.
Enrollment:
Our site's enrollment system requires users to give us contact information such as their name and e-mail address,
sex, age etc. The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may choose (opt-in) to receive future mailings; see the choice/opt-in section below.
External Links:
In order to provide visitors with greater value, Charming Health.com may provide links to various third party
websites. However, even if a third-party affiliation exists between
Charming Health.com and that destination site, Charming Health.com exercises no authority over linked sites, each of which maintains independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures.
Charming Health.com assumes no responsibility or liability for these independent methods or actions and is not responsible for the independent policies or procedures of destination sites. Similarly,
Charming Health.com cannot take responsibility for the privacy initiatives or the content of such
websites. These destination links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. However,
Charming Health.com wishes to ensure the integrity of the Charming Health.com
website and its destination links, so any comments pertaining to the
Charming Health.com website or any sites accessed through Charming Health.com links are greatly appreciated.
Community Partners:
Charming Health.com Community Partners represent alternative healthcare organizations. Through these partnerships,
Charming Health.com provides its website content and services to enhance the
websites of our Community Partners. These sites also offer information about Bach Flower Therapy resources, thereby helping members of their communities take active steps towards improving or maintaining their health.
When registering to become a member of the Charming Health.com site, you may also be asked if you would like to register as a member of our partner's "local community." Some of our healthcare partners have their own newsletters and events that you may want to participate in and you will have the opportunity to share your e-mail address with them for this purpose (see choice / opt-in below).
Surveys and Questionnaires: Our online surveys and questionnaires may ask visitors for contact and demographic information. The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-in section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
E-Commerce and E-Healthcare transactions:
Some Charming Health.com self help site features may use applications to collect data to facilitate an e-commerce or e-healthcare transaction. We will ask your explicit permission to transfer this data to the third party to facilitate this transaction.
Charming Health.com may store this information to verify the transaction for customer service and accounting reasons and may use this information to help personalize your experience on the
Charming Health.com site. Charming Health.com may also share this information with other third parties on an aggregate basis, but it does not indicate the identity of individual users.
Third Party Ad. Services:
Charming Health.com utilizes certain third-party advertising services (including, but not limited to, Double-Click) to display advertising for our advertisers. These third-party services may place a cookie on your computer for the purposes of ad tracking and presentation.
Charming Health.com does not share personally identifiable visitor information with its advertising services.
Security:
The Charming Health.com self help website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Charming Health.com employs strict security measures to safeguard online transactions.
Children's Guidelines:
Some sections of Charming Health.com may be designed specifically for use by children under the age of 16. Contact information such as their name and e-mail address, and demographic information such as their ZIP code or age may be requested in those sections. In such cases, children will be notified that they should obtain permission from their parents before providing such information and enrolling with the online consultation.
Charming Health.com does not disclose personally identifiable information about users under 16, whether or not an approval is obtained.
Parents and those permitting minors to use the
Charming Health.com website should be aware that any information voluntarily given by children, during e-mail exchanges,
registration.
Contacting the website:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
website, or your interaction with this website,
contact Charming Health.com
at any time via electronic mail.
Attn: Owner © CharmingHealth.Com
Electronic Mail: Register
(at) CharmingHealth.com
Online Service Agreement:
Please see our
Online Service Agreement
for other terms and conditions governing your use of the
Charming Health.com website.
Read our
Code of Ethics.
Copyright © 2000,
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007,2008,
2009 All rights reserved.
© 2000-2009 Copyright Charming Health
(dot) Com  -- Alternative Healthcare
service for Self Help--  Privacy Statement
Agreement
Disclaimer
Code
of Ethics
Rates
Pricing
Policy
Privacy
Terms
33