https://www.curesweatypalms.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
My Canadian Pharmacy respects the privacy of its customers and has created this Privacy Policy to confirm we are protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy contains information about what information we collect and receive from users, and also explains how we use such information to provide you with a reliable service and your choice regarding this type of use. By accessing our site or using any services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use these Services.
What information do we pick up?
Our online pharmacy picks up personal information like when you register on our website, place an order, subscribe to our newsletters or participate in surveys. When you provide personal information through our website, information may be sent through servers located in the United States or Canada. When ordering or registering on our website, we pick up all the information necessary for the transaction: your name, email address, mailing address or phone number. But, nevertheless, you can visit our site anonymously.
Information a customer provides
We may pick up and keep personal information safe that you enter on our website or provide us in any other way, including on the basis of surveys conducted on our website. This includes identifying information such as name, address, email address and phone number. We may also request information about your interests and activities, as well as your gender and age.
Information about other persons
My Canadian Pharmacy may also pick up and keep personal information about other persons that you ensure to us. If you use our website to send other people (friends, relatives, colleagues, etc.) information that may interest them and messages using our system. We can keep your personal data as well as the personal data of each such recipient. We utilize different technologies to pick up information from your computer and about your activities on our website.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, we do. “Cookies” are files that a website or its provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your browser (if you allow it), which allows websites or service delivery systems to recognize your browser and remember certain information. We use “cookies” for a more convenient process of processing items in your basket, as well as in order to understand and maintain your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data on site traffic and its interaction, and most importantly, in order to be able to offer more effective tools in the future. You can select the appropriate option in your browser settings to view the material without cookies so that your computer alerts you each time you send cookies. As with most sites, if you disable cookies, some of our services may not work properly.
How do we use your personal information?
Any information that we receive can be used in one of the following ways:
personalization of your experience (your information enables us to better understand and meet your personal requirements).
enhancing our website (we are constantly striving to improve the offers of our website based on the information and feedback received from you).
enhancing customer service (your information helps us more effectively respond to customer requests and provide their demands).
transaction (your personal information is picked up not for sale, is not distributed, is not transferred to any other company on any basis without your prior consent, except for the sole purpose of delivering the bought product).
sending periodic newsletters (the email address that you provide for the order processing is used to send you information and clarifications regarding your order, and can also be used to periodically newsletters about products and other company news).
Do we disclose any information to outsiders?
We do not sell, exchange or transfer in any other way your personal information to unauthorized persons. Unauthorized third parties do not include trusted third parties who help us maintain our site, conduct business or serve customers, as such parties undertake not to disclose this information. We have the right to disclose your information if we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law in accordance with the policies of our website or in order to protect our or someone else’s rights, property or security. In addition, unidentified user information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other similar purposes.
Links to third parties
Sometimes, at our discretion, we may include or offer products or services of third parties on our website. These sites have a separate and independent privacy policy. Therefore, we are not responsible for the content or activity of the sites to which links are placed. Nevertheless, we strive to maintain the reliability of our site and welcome any kind of feedback or comments regarding such sites.