http://www.dimagi.com/terms/latest/privacy/
Browse
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Business Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Posted: May 7, 2018
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
You can see our previous privacy policy here.
This notice describes the Privacy Policy of Dimagi, Inc. and its affiliate
entities, Dimagi Software Innovations Pvt. Ltd., Dimagi South Africa
(PTY) LTD, Dimagi West Africa, SAS, Dimagi Tanzania Limited
("Dimagi," "we", "us", or "our"). Here we describe how we collect, use
and handle your information when you use our websites, software and
services ("Services").
If you're using our Services for an organization, you're agreeing
to this Privacy Policy on behalf of that organization.
If you're using our Services to provide services, software and
content for some else, you're agreeing to this Privacy Policy on
their behalf.
IF YOU OR THE ORGANIZATION YOU REPRESENT DON'T AGREE TO BE BOUND TO
THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
What and why we collect
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and
protect our Services:
Account Data: When registering to use our Services, Dimagi
requires you to provide your personal contact information, such as
name, company name, address, phone number, and email address
("Contact Information"). When purchasing our Services,
Dimagi may require you to provide financial qualification and
billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card
number, and the number of employees that will be using the product or
services ("Billing Information"). Dimagi may also ask
you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues,
number of employees, or industry ("Optional Information").
Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information
about customers are referred to collectively as "Account Data"
We use Account Data to perform the Services requested. We do not
store your credit card data.
Your Content:
When you use our Services, you provide us with
things like your data, reports, messages, contacts, images and so on
("Your Content"). Our Services are designed to make it
simple for you to collect and manage Your Content, share with others,
and work across multiple devices. To make that possible, we store,
process, and transmit Your Content, as well as information related to
it. This related information can be things like your Contact
Information that makes it easier to collaborate and share Your Content
with others.
Usage: We collect information related to how you use the
Services, including actions you take in your account. This is used to
conduct research and development for the further development of our
Services in order to provide you a more intuitive experience, and also
to provide you support.
Device Information: We also collect information from and about
the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like
IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you
visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with
your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also
transmit location information to the Services. This helps us improve
our Services and provide you support.
Cookies and other technologies: We use technologies like cookies
and web beacons to provide, improve, and protect our Services. For
example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for
your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our
Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set
your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to
use the Services.
Aggregate Data Sets: Dimagi may also use Your Content to create
aggregate, anonymized data sets ("Data Sets"). Data Sets are not
associated with any individual or user account, and are thus anonymous
information. Dimagi may use these Aggregate Data Sets to improve our
Services and for research purposes. If you do not consent to the use of
Your Data to create Data Sets, please "opt-out" by contacting us at
[email protected] and your data will not be included as of the date
of notification. If you have already provided us your ‘opt-out’, we
will continue to honor that.
With whom do we share
We may share information as discussed below, but we will never sell it
to advertisers or other third parties.
Others working for Dimagi: Dimagi uses certain trusted third parties
(for example, providers of IT services) to help us provide, improve,
protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access your
information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this
Privacy Policy. We use
Salesforce as our system for customer
relationship management. We use
Stripe and
Flywire to process credit cards, both being our
PCI-DSS compliant payment processing partners.
Analytics: We use analytics partners, including
Google Analytics,
Kissmetrics,
Hubspot, and
Fullstory to analyse some of the Usage
information we collect. If you do not consent to our analytics
partners having access to your information, please let us know at
[email protected]
Other applications: You can also give third parties access to your
information - for example, via our APIs. Just remember that their
use of your information will be governed by their privacy policies
and terms.
Legal Compliance and Protection: We may disclose your information to
third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably
necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from
death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dimagi
or our users; or (d) protect Dimagi's property rights.
How do we protect your information
Dimagi acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the
information you provide to us. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain
accuracy, and ensure proper use of information, we have employed
physical, technical, and administrative processes to safeguard and
secure the information we collect.
We have also employed physical, technical, and administrative processes
to detect and investigate information breaches. In the unfortunate
event of a breach, we will inform all affected accounts as soon as
practicable upon discovery of such a breach, consistent with any
applicable legal obligations and the needs of law enforcement.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee
its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions
about security, you can contact us at [email protected]
Please be aware that certain Personal Information and other information
provided by you in connection with your use of the Services may be
stored on your device (even if we do not collect that information).
You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your device
from unauthorized access.
Where is the information stored, processed and transmitted
To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and transmit
information in the United States and locations around the world -
including those outside your country. Information may also be stored
locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield: Dimagi complies
with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the
collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from
the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
Dimagi has
certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy
Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this
privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield
Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield
program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
In the context of an onward transfer to a third parties, Dimagi has
responsibility for the processing of your information it receives.
Dimagi shall remain liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if a
third party processes your information in a manner inconsistent with
the Privacy Shield Principles, unless proven that Dimagi is not
responsible for any processing inconsistent with Privacy Shield
Principles.
Your Right to Control and Access to your personal information
You have control over your personal information and how it is collected,
used, and shared. You have the rights to:
Know more about our privacy practices.
Object to our privacy practices or provide feedback.
Rectify your personal information.
Ask us to rectify your personal information.
Ask for your personal information — free of charge.
Ask us to erase your personal information.
Please send your request at [email protected] We will respond within
30 days of receipt of your request.
Digital and Parental Consent
Any Personal Information You collect, including Personal Information
of Your Delegates (as defined in the Terms of Service), must comply
with the requirements of digital consent as per applicable
law, including obtaining parental consent where legally required.
If we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information
without verifiable parental consent (where legally required), we will
take the appropriate steps to delete such information. To make such a
request, or if there are any questions or concerns about the Privacy
Policy for the Service or its implementation, please contact us at
[email protected]
California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice
On September 27, 2013, California enacted A.B. 370, amending the
California Online Privacy Protection Act to require website operators
like us to disclose how we respond to "Do Not Track Signals"; and
whether third parties collect personally identifiable information
about users when they visit us.
(1) We do not respond to "do not track" signals.
(2) We do not collect personally identifiable information for third
party use through advertising technologies.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 also permits our customers who
are California residents to request certain information regarding our
disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to
[email protected]
Please note that we are only required to respond
to one request per customer each year.
Change Management
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of
our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal.
We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address
associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices
in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the
most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces
your rights and/or requires your explicit acceptance, we will notify
you via email or via in-product user experience.
Contact
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Dimagi commits to
resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal
information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints
regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Dimagi at
[email protected]
Dimagi has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
complaints to
JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution
provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely
acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed
your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
JAMS for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
The Privacy Shield Framework also provides the option for EU and Swiss
individuals to invoke binding arbitration to determine whether Dimagi
has violated its obligations under the Privacy Shield Principles and
whether any such violation remains fully or partially unremedied
("residual claims"). As a self-certified organization in the Privacy
Shield Framework, Dimagi is required to arbitrate claims pursuant to
Privacy Shield’s Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principle.
Dimagi is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Contact Us
Request a CommCare Demo
Select a time to see CommCare in action and review
questions with our team.