http://www.iospress.nl/service/privacy-policy/
Shopping cart
0 items
€ 0
IOSPress
STM Publishing House | Impacting the World of ScienceBooks & Journals, Online & Print
Menu
Home
News
Books & Journals
Service
About IOS Press
Contact
All
Catalogue
Books
Journals
ISBN
Service
AgentsAuthorsBook ReviewersClaims PolicyFAQGet IOS Press NewsKeep Me InformedLibrariansAdvertising PolicyPrivacy PolicyResearch4Life - Access for Developing Countries
Privacy Policy
https://www.iospress.com is the Corporate Website of IOS Press, registered at Nieuwe Hemweg 6B, 1013 BG, The Netherlands.
Guarding your privacy is very important to us. In this Privacy Policy you can learn which data IOS Press collects via this site and how it is used. It is our goal to provide you with a useful, hassle-free experience while using this website, which requires a certain amount of data collection. If you do not agree with the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy, we recommend that you do not visit the IOS Press Corporate website.
If you are simply browsing our site without leaving your contact details in a form or our payment module for ordering, we will only keep anonymized log data about usage of our site (see ‘Cookies’ below).
Which details are collected?
Contact details that you have provided to us, including demographics
Information on usage of (parts) of our website
Information about transactions made
Any other information that you have provided to us in order to be able to help you use our website to meet your needs as well as possible
How IOS Press uses the data collected
We may use the data collected through our site to:
Establish and verify the identity of our users
Personalize the site for you
Enable you to access and use our site
Fine-tune our services provided to you
Handle financial transactions smoothly and accurately
Collect payments from you
Improve our products and services offered on the IOS Press Corporate Website
Service Providers and Third Parties
We may employ service providers and individuals to facilitate (parts of) our services. In the event that we share the data gathered with service providers working on our behalf, they must assure us that they use the data in a discrete manner. They may not distribute the collected data further and are required to comply with our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
Your data will never be sold to third parties.
Cookies
We may place cookies and or other tracking devices in the user’s browser files. Cookies are used to track user behavior. Based on the collected data, we can improve our products and services.
Cookies can be rejected. If this occurs, portions of the IOS Press Corporate Website may not be properly usable.
Secure Use of the IOS Press Corporate Website
In cooperation with Solcon, our hosting partner, and Limoen, webmaster of this website, we will do everything in our power to guard your personal details and usage behavior data. Collected data will be stored on secure servers and if you make a transaction on our site, you will be in a safe, encrypted area so no one can take advantage of the details you have entered.
Links to Other Websites
Through this website you may be redirected or find links to other websites which are not under the control of IOS Press. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites, nor are we responsible for their Privacy Policy. We encourage you to be aware of the privacy policies of other parties to which we link in case they collect any personal data from you.
Emails
We may occasionally send emails to our users to inform them of important changes to the IOS Press Corporate Website. If you do not want to receive email from us, you can let us know at market@iospress.nl. Please write ‘Unsubscribe Corporate Website’ in the subject area.
Advertisements
Third-party advertising may appear on our website. Usage metrics may be shared with the advertisers, but personal data will never be disclosed.
Changes
IOS Press reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time as we see fit. If this occurs, we will update this page and distribute an announcement to users that have opted in to receive news from us to notify them of the changes.
IOS Press
Nieuwe Hemweg 6B
1013BG Amsterdam
Tel.: +31 20 688 33 55
Email: info@iospress.nl
Version: May 2018
Contact
North America
Europe
Asia
IOS Press, Inc.
6751 Tepper Drive
Clifton, VA 20124
USA
Tel.: +1 703 830 6300
Fax: +1 703 830 2300
sales@iospress.com
(Corporate matters and books only)
IOS Press c/o Accucoms US, Inc.
For North America Sales and Customer Service
West Point Commons
Suite 201
Lansdale PA 19446
USA
Tel.: +1 866 855 8967
Fax: +1 215 660 5042
iospress@accucoms.com
(Journals only)
IOS Press
Nieuwe Hemweg 6B
1013 BG Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Tel: +31 20 688 3355
Fax: +31 20 687 0019
info@iospress.nl
IOS Press
c/o Ohmsha, Ltd.
3-1 Kanda Nishiki-cho
Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 101
Japan
Fax: +81 3 3233 2426
(Books only)
Inspirees International China
Ocean Express F-803
Xiaguangli 66
100027, Beijing
China
Tel. & Fax: +86 10 8446 7847
Free service line: 400 661 8717
IOS Press Copyright 2020
Privacy
Disclaimer
Sitemap
FAQ
follow uson facebook
follow uson twitter