http://www.einstein.edu/orthopedics/conditions/hand-wrist-shoulder-elbow
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Orthopedic Care & Services / Conditions & Treatments / Hand, Wrist, Elbow & Shoulder Care
Orthopedics
Orthopedics Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Hand, Wrist, Elbow & Shoulder Care
If you are experiencing pain, discomfort, swelling or loss of range of motion in your fingers, hand, wrist, elbow or shoulder, the orthopedic specialists at Einstein can help relieve your symptoms and restore function. We offer comprehensive care for a full range of bone and joint injuries and conditions, including:
Arthritis
Arthritis can occur in any joint in which the soft tissue between the bones becomes inflamed or is worn away, often resulting in pain and loss of function. Depending on the type of arthritis and the location and severity of your condition, your doctor may recommend non-surgical or surgical options. Learn more.
Fractures
Some of the most common bones that people break are the collarbone and the bones of the forearm and wrist. These fractures can occur in several different ways. In less severe breaks, such as stress fractures and hairline fractures, the ends of the break are already lined up. The area can therefore be immobilized with a cast, splint or sling to ensure that the fracture heals properly and without the need for surgery. For more severe breaks, where the bone is out of place or shattered into multiple pieces, surgery may be required to reset and stabilize the bone or to remove the broken pieces before healing can begin.
Our orthopedic team at Einstein includes experts at the treatment of all types of broken bones, from hairline fractures in the fingers and hand to broken elbows and more serious fractures that require surgery.
Tendonitis
When the tendons that connect your muscles to your joints become inflamed or irritated, a painful condition known as tendonitis can result. Tendonitis has a variety of causes, but is generally associated with repetitive motions. Some common forms of tendonitis include tennis elbow and golfer’s elbow, as well as tendonitis of the shoulder that is common in swimmers and baseball pitchers.
In most cases, tendonitis can be treated with rest, ice, anti-inflammatory medications and a proper warm-up before physical activity. In some cases, your doctor may recommend working with a physical therapist. Only in severe cases
after other treatments have not been successful does tendonitis require surgery.
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Carpal tunnel syndrome is caused by pressure on your median nerve, which is one of the main nerves that runs to your hand. The symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome include pain, discomfort, numbness, tingling or weakness. The pressure that causes carpal tunnel syndrome can have a number of different causes, including wrist injuries, arthritis, and repetitive motion such as by working with vibrating tools, jobs that require prolonged or repetitive wrist flexion, and possibly computer use. In most cases, carpal tunnel syndrome can be treated with rest, ice, anti-inflammatory medications and a wrist splint. However, surgery may be required if these treatments are ineffective.
Rotator Cuff Injuries
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles, tendons and ligaments that surround your shoulder joint. When these become inflamed, stretched or torn, shoulder pain, especially at night or while reaching overhead, weakness and reduced range of motion can result. A rotator cuff tear may be a result of repetitive stress, or a traumatic injury such as a shoulder dislocation or separation. In some cases, rotator cuff injuries can be treated with rest, ice, physical therapy to strengthen the shoulder, and anti-inflammatory medications. In cases where a tendon has a partial tear or has become completely detached from the bone, surgery may be required.
Heterotopic Ossification
Heterotopic ossification is a condition that can cause new bone to grow faster than normal. This can sometimes be genetic, but most often occurs as a response to trauma or injury as the bones begin to heal and can result in jagged and painful joints. If caught early, medication and radiation treatments can slow or stop the excess bone growth. However, if the ossification causes pain or limits movement, surgical removal of the excess bone may be required.
Treatment Options
At Einstein, we offer the most advanced treatments, and work closely with patients to develop personalized care plans designed to relieve pain, restore function and help you to recover quickly. Your treatment may include:
Non-Surgical Care
Whenever possible, we recommend non-surgical treatments to help relieve your pain and restore your function. This may include medications for pain and inflammation, cortisone injections, splinting and bracing, and physical therapy through MossRehab, our nationally ranked rehabilitation center.
Minimally Invasive Arthroscopic Surgery
When surgery is required, we use minimally invasive arthroscopic surgery whenever possible to reset bones, reattach muscles, ligaments and tendons, remove excess bone, transplant tissue and perform other procedures.
GPS-Guided Surgery
For most shoulder replacement surgeries and other types of complex surgery, our specialists use GPS-guided surgery techniques to ensure the highest possible precision. High quality pre-operative and real-time imaging during surgery allows our surgeons to make sure that your implant fits precisely with your unique anatomy, leading to better outcomes.
Patient Stories
Read about our patient's experiences being treated by Einstein's Orthopedics team.
Reflecting on a Life-Changing Wrist Repair
Bill D., Hand Surgery Patient
Meet Our Team
Learn more about our board-certified orthopedic specialists and schedule an appointment to discuss your treatment options today.
Find a Specialist
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have comprehensive clinical expertise in orthopedics and are actively invested in resident education.
Accreditation & Partnerships
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.