http://www.anophthalmia.org/privacy/
At ican, we understand that your privacy is important to you, and have included this Privacy Policy to address privacy concerns that may arise during the use of our website.
There are several places on our website at which the visitor may contact ican using an email, either directly, or through a form. These forms are used voluntarily by the visitor, and may require personal information such as email addresses, phone numbers, etc. This information is used strictly for communication purposes only between ican and the visitor who submitted the form or email.
ican also maintains a support forum on its website in the form of a threaded discussion board. While every effort is made to monitor the board for misuse, and maintain a high level of integrity and respect for personal information, this board and its contents are viewable by everyone accessing our website. As such, any information you do not wish to disclose, or are concerned about disclosing due to privacy issues, should not be posted on our discussion board.
In addition, ican may use a visitor tracking program to analyze traffic patterns on our website. When you visit our website, this program will ask your computer if it is okay to place a small text file called a “cookie” on your hard drive, for the purposes of understanding how you interact with our website. This information is used to enhance our website so you may enjoy the best possible experience when visiting us on the web. This cookie and resulting information is not, and cannot be, used to “hack” into your computer, or send you viruses or other harmful files. It is solely to monitor traffic patterns on our website. You can turn off cookies in your browser’s Internet Options menu.
NO information on our website will be sold/distributed to any unaffiliated third parties without your prior consent.
If you have any questions about your privacy, please contact ican at info@anophthalmia.org.
Search for:
Join our Email List
Email *
Name
Affiliation *
Please Select
Parent of an affected child
An affected individual
Medical Professional
Friend
Other
Child's Date of Birth
Phone
Address
Enter the following to confirm your subscription *
Donate to ican