http://www.tricomin.com/pages/privacy-policy-1
HomeProductsYour Needs
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Pharma Cosmetics uses and protects any information that you give when you are using this website.
Pharma Cosmetics is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Pharma Cosmetics may change this privacy policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What We Collect
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users' means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
What We Do With the Information We Gather
Pharma Cosmetics requires this information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To improve customer service:   Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To process payments:  We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails:  We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Questions About This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us:
Pharma Cosmetics
700 Kinderkamack Rd. Suite 306
Oradell, NJ 07649
Phone: 1.888.966.1010 | Fax: 1.800.854.5576
Hello You!
Join our mailing list
Products
Densifying Shampoo
Reinforcing Conditioner
Energy Spray
Tricomin Trio Kit
Technology
Patent
Look at Us
TOP