http://www.cipo.ca/privacy-policy
Donate
Home
What is PI?
Living With PI
Our Team
News and Events
Get Involved
FAQ
Donate
Website Privacy Policy
Last Revised: January 1st 2017
This CIPO Website Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) governs your access to, and your use of, the website located at www.cipo.ca (the “Site”). CIPO (“Canadian Immunodeficiencies Patient Organization”) owns, operates or contracts with third parties to provide the services that are available on and through the Site (the “Services”).
In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. “We” means (and “us”, “our”, and “ours” refer to)
CIPO. “You” means (and “your” refers to) the user of the Site.
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING.
1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing and continuing to use the Site, and by providing certain
Personal Information to us through the Site, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy
Policy. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE, OR PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SITE.
2. Modifications and Notices
The Internet changes every day, and so does the Site. Therefore, we may revise this Privacy Policy, at any time, by updating this posting.
These revisions will become effective as soon as they are posted to the Site, unless we say otherwise. We may provide notice to you of such revisions by means of a general notice on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after these revisions are posted will signify your agreement to these revised terms. Therefore, you should visit this page periodically to review this Privacy Policy.
3. We Respect Your Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the integrity of the Personal Information that we collect, use, retain or disclose using the Site. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about how and why we collect Personal Information on the Site, to outline the steps we take to safeguard your Personal Information and to provide you with our contact information, if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices.
4. General Information
We use the Site to offer Services to you, and to provide information intended to promote our Services. Our Internet servers may passively and automatically collect certain information about website visitors’ traffic patterns, which may be linked to their Internet Protocol (IP) addresses (which are unique Internet “addresses” assigned to all Internet users by their Internet Service Providers). Server logs may record statistical information, such as visitors’ IP addresses, type of operating systems, time and duration of visit, pages requested, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are generally collected and used on an aggregate basis.
Cookies: The Site may use “cookies”. Cookies are small text files offered to your computer by servers in order to keep track of your browser as you navigate a website. Cookies may be stored on your hard drive, or in temporary (cache) memory, in which case they are deleted when you shut down your browser or turn off your computer. We may use cookies to record session information, such as your browsing habits and past activity, to enable us to provide you with improved services such as customized webpage content. You can disable cookies using your Internet browser’s settings. Please consult your browser’s help function for information on how to disable cookies. Note that if you disable cookies, certain features of the Site may not function properly.
Links to Third Party Websites: The Site may contain links to other websites that are provided as a convenience only, and which may have different privacy policies and practices than we do. We have no responsibility for these third party websites, and you are advised to
review the privacy policies of any third party websites you choose to visit.
5. What Personal Information do we collect, and how do we collect it?
In the course of operating the Services, we have collected and will collect Personal Information from you, including: information you actively submit to us, directly or indirectly, such as through your contact application (including your name, email address, mailing address and phone number), as well as your comments and other content you may provide on our forum; and information we may passively and automatically collect from you, such as the information about website visitors’ traffic patterns discussed above. We collect this Personal Information for the following purposes: to create a contact list, which may be used to send you: newsletters; educational information; announcements of events; and fundraising and volunteer appeals. to advocate for improved patient care, on your behalf; to respond to your requests for service; to satisfy recordkeeping requirements imposed by the Canada Revenue Agency, which require us to maintain records of all donations to us; to conduct investigations relating to breaches of agreements or contraventions of laws; to develop, enhance and market our services; to manage and develop our business and operations, including personnel and employment matters; to meet legal and regulatory requirements; or to carry out any other purpose that you have authorized or that is required or permitted by law. Further reference in this Privacy Policy to “Identified Purposes” means the reasons set out in this Section 5.
6. Do we disclose your Personal Information?
We do not disclose Personal Information to third parties for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law. We will not sell, barter or lease your Personal Information to a third party without your consent.
In situations where we disclose Personal Information to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose more Personal Information than is required and, where it is reasonable and practical to do so, we enter into privacy agreements with the third parties to whom we disclose such Personal Information. If we intend to voluntarily disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a purpose other than an Identified Purpose, we will obtain your consent before we make such a disclosure.
7. How do we safeguard your Personal Information?
We protect Personal Information against such risks as loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction, through generally accepted security measures. We protect Personal Information regardless of the format in which it is held. All CIPO individuals to whom we provide access to Personal Information are required as a condition of their engagement to respect the confidentiality of Personal Information and the obligations set forth in this Privacy Policy.
8. How long will we retain your Personal Information?
We will keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary for us to fulfill the Identified Purposes. Generally speaking, that means we will destroy or anonymize your Personal Information when your account with us is no longer active. Despite this, in limited circumstances, we may be required by law to keep your Personal Information for a longer period of time.
9. Withdrawing your Consent/Verifying and Amending your Personal Information
You may withdraw your consent for us to manage your Personal Information in a particular way, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. However, this may limit our ability to provide you with certain services and/or products. You may contact us for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent. You can typically access and review your Personal Information that is in our custody or control, and make appropriate changes to it, by contacting us. You may be required to put your request in writing and to show us identification. The reason we ask for identification is to ensure that, among other things, we do not unintentionally change or release your Personal Information to a third party who is representing himself/herself as you.
For more information regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer at:
President, CIPO, 25 La Grave St, Winnipeg, MB, R3V 1J1
You may update or make changes to your Personal Information that is in our custody or control by using the contact information set out above. In addition, you may request access to, or the correction of, your Personal Information, by writing or emailing us at the address provided above.
10. Resolving Your Concerns
If you would like more information about our privacy practices, or if you would like to better understand and verify what Personal
Information we have collected about you, please contact the CIPO Executive Director at info@cipo.ca. Please let us know about your questions or concerns and we will do our best to help you.
Our Mission CIPO's mission is to provide advocacy, support and education to all immunodeficient patients diagnosed and not yet diagnosed, in Canada.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Our Community Partners
Our Corporate Partners
Copyright CIPO 2017. All rights reserved. Reg Charity BN # 816034276RR0001