http://www.foodallergy.org/terms-use
BREAKING NEWS: mRNA COVID Vaccine Primer
-
Click Here
Close Alert Banner
close
Living with Food Allergies
Research & Innovation
Our Initiatives
back
Food Allergy Essentials
Common Allergens
Food Allergy 101
Allergy Alerts & Ingredient Notices
COVID-19 Resources
Back to School Headquarters
Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis Emergency Care Plan
Information for you
Newly Diagnosed
Children with Food Allergies
Adolescents and Teens
Adults with Allergies
Educators
Healthcare Providers
College Staff
Other Professionals
Join the Community
Join the FARE Community
Find a Support Group
back
Accelerating Innovation
Elevating Care
Pioneering Advances in Diagnosis
Early Introduction and Food Allergy Prevention
Developing Effective Treatments
Elevating Research
FARE Patient Registry
FARE Clinical Network
Clinical Trials
back
Advocacy
Food Allergy Issues
How to Advocate
Know Your Rights
Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Education Programs & Training
FARE Training
FARECheck
FARE Food Allergy College Search
FARE Webinars
Awareness Campaigns
Contains: Courage Campaign
Living Teal
FARE PSA - In a Matter of Minutes
Baby's First
Diversity and Inclusion
Food Allergy Awareness Girl Scout Patch
Teal Pumpkin Project
Take Action
Donate
Join Patient Registry
About Us
Resources
Corporate Partners
Media Room
Blog
Close Search
Search Toggle
Mobile Nav Toggle
Home
Terms of Use
Website Policies
Thank you for visiting Food Allergy Research & Education's (FARE) website.
The information provided on this site is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient/site visitor and his/her existing physician.
The material on this website was written to provide a guideline for care. The authors and FARE disclaim any responsibility for any adverse effects resulting from the information presented on this website. The information enclosed is not designed to take the place of a doctor's instructions. Patients are urged to contact a doctor for specific information regarding guidelines for care. The inclusion of brand name medications or medical devices does not imply endorsement by FARE.
In 2017, FARE developed an online database where colleges and universities have the opportunity to indicate the ways they accommodate students with food allergies and celiac disease. While the schools may have undergone an audit from FARE, the data in the college search database is information self-reported directly by the institutions without guidance or input from FARE. The information provided in this database is designed to support a site visitor’s consideration of food allergy accommodations in the college and university setting. Site visitors are encouraged to contact the colleges and universities directly with any questions or inquiries about food allergy accommodations.
FARE does not review, test, sponsor, endorse or recommend any products or services that may appear on our website.
FARE does not accept or host any form of advertisement on its website.
FARE Website Policies
Privacy Policy
The Food Allergy Research & Education website provides information, resources, referrals, and data intended to assist the public in managing life-threatening food allergies. The website also provides information for healthcare professionals and offers opportunities for volunteering in Food Allergy Research & Education fundraising events.
Linking Policy
FARE encourages and permits text links to content on FARE’s website(s), provided that any such link uses the following guidelines when setting up a link to FARE’s websites.
Copyright Permissions Policy
FARE respects fair use and its role in allowing limited uses of copyrighted materials. FARE provides these
Copyright Permission Guidelines to encourage and facilitate lawful use of FARE materials, which concern
sensitive health topics and require expertise to create.
We use cookies to deliver the best possible experience on our website. To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, or closing this box, you consent to our use of cookies.
Close
FARE Resources
Please complete the following form to download the study. You will be opted into FARE communications and can manage your preferences in the footer of any FARE email.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
Zip
Food Allergy Consumer Journey Study
Please complete the following form to download the study. You will be opted into FARE communications and can manage your preferences in the footer of any FARE email.
Take the Teal Pumpkin Pledge
Sign up to tell your friends and neighbors that you want Halloween to be safe for everyone!
Submit the form to receive your official Teal Pumpkin Project Pledge certificate to display on your window or door for the entire neighborhood to see.
FARE Food Allergy Guide
Please complete the following form to download the FARE Food Allergy Guide. You will be opted into FARE communications and can manage your preferences in the footer of any FARE email.
Santa Letter
Download and personalize this letter from Santa to get your kids excited to make allergy-friendly holiday treats, all in an effort to help Santa’s elves!