http://www.patriciarobinsonmft.com/privacy-policy.html
Therapy & Coaching for Autism, Asperger's, ADHD
Home
Autism/Asperger's
ADHD/ADD
Adult ADHD
Child ADHD
Couples Counseling
CBT
Coaching
Parent Coaching
Hypnotherapy
Consultation
Blog
Contact Me
About Me
FAQ
Current Clients
Resources
Patricia Robinson MFT
Privacy Policy last updated: 02/05/2014 Patricia Robinson MFTAcceptance of termsPatricia Robinson MFT is committed to protecting your privacy. This spells out our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you interact with our website. By accessing Patricia Robinson MFT http://www.patriciarobinsonmft.com, you acknowledge and understand this Privacy Statement and consent to the information collection and use practices described here.Information We Collect and How We Use ItPatricia Robinson MFT collects certain information from and about its users in three ways: from our host’s Web server logs, the user, and with Cookies.Web server logs: When you visit our site, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples include: Day and time you visited, your IP address, your Internet Service Provider, the state or country from which you accessed us, the type of browser or computer you use, how many links you click within the site, the Web page you came from, and the pages you viewed.Cookies: These are used to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Patricia Robinson MFT reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website.You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, please be aware that you may unwittingly disable some of the functionality on our website.User’s Personal Information: Visitors to our website may be able to register to attend events, make a purchase or download information. When you register, you will provide personal information, such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number. If you are making a purchase, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for your purchase. This information may be forwarded to your credit card provider.We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission, except to the extent necessary, including: to fulfill your requests, to protect ourselves from liability, in response to a legal process, or if our company’s ownership changes hands.Third Party PoliciesRelated services and offerings linked to and from this website have their own privacy statements, which can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Since we do not have control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend you review their policies before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with them.Contact UsIf you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement, please send an email to patricia@patriciarobinsonmft.com. We will use reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.Changes to this Policy StatementPatricia Robinson MFT may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. You should periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
Patricia Robinson MFT171 Front Street, Suite 203Danville, CA 94526patricia@patriciarobinsonmft.com(925) 915-0924
Material on this website is for informational and/or educational purposes only and is not intended to provide or be a substitute for professional services. Use of this website does not establish a therapeutic relationship.               Copyright 2013 Patricia Robinson MFT All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use