http://www.avac.org/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
The content of this website is maintained by AVAC at 423 West 127th St., 4th Floor, New York, NY, 10027. If you have questions, concerns or suggestions for this document, please email us at avac@avac.org.
A short summary of our data privacy and protection policy:
Who are we?
AVAC uses education, policy analysis, advocacy, community mobilization and a network of global collaborations to accelerate ethical development and global delivery of biomedical HIV prevention options.
What data do we collect?
In order to assess and improve performance of this website, we use collect anonymous user behavior insights and analyze how visitors use our website.
When signing up for one of our newsletters, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number and organization for which you work. (All information aside from email address is optional.) We use this information only to communicate with you about our work and how to support our work.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy of your personal data and shall inform us of any change thereto. We shall bear no liability for the consequences of inaccurate or untrue data.
How do we use your data?
We only use the information you provided us to communicate with you about our work, actions you can take to support our work or usage of this website. We do not share or sell your data with third parties.
Who can see your data?
Designated employees of AVAC who are responsible for communications and fundraising and potentially employees of vendors we partner with to develop digital tools.
How do we secure your data?
We work to implement best practices for data protection and privacy, in line with the European Union framework for data privacy and protection, known as General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and work to ensure our vendors do as well.
How can you control your data?
At any time, you may request changes to your data or its complete removal from our files by writing to avac@avac.org or at AVAC, Attn: Webmaster, 423 West 127th St., 4th Floor, New York, NY 10027.
We also make it easy for our email subscribers to unsubscribe via a link at the bottom of each email we send you.
Security
Your personal data is transferred to, processed and stored by us in the United States. All personal data are protected against unauthorized processing with the help of appropriate technical measures. At the same time, no data transmission or storage is 100 percent secure. Consequently, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you share with us and assume no liability should your personal information be accessed, disclosed, modified or destroyed by a breach of our safeguards.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
In order to optimize our website, we may use cookies and other related tracking technologies, which collect and use data regarding your use of and your behavior on our website (such as your browsing preferences, statistics regarding the pages that are most visited on our website, etc.). Cookies are little files that are stored on your data storage medium and that memorize, through your Internet browser, some configurations and data in order to exchange them with our system. We aggregate this information and do not track individuals.
Specifically, we use the following tools:
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google uses the collected data to track and examine the use of our website, to prepare reports on its activities, allowing us to better understand visitor behavior on our website. Google may share the collected data with other Google products and use them to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on what data is collected and how your privacy is protected, please consult their privacy policy. The collected data may be sent to, processed and stored on servers in foreign jurisdictions, including in the United States. To opt-out, please consult this link.
AddThis is a service which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing of contents. Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared. In this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and usage data on the pages where this service is installed. For more information on what data is collected and how your privacy is protected, please consult their privacy policy.
By using our website, you accept that data be collected and processed via cookies in accordance with this Policy and with the privacy policies of the third party providers (including the above).
Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. The help menu on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete cookies you have previously accepted if you wish to.
Rights of Access and Correction
In line with our policies on protection of data, you have the right to be informed, without charge, of the data that are collected about you and, if such data are inaccurate or incomplete, to correct them, to block access to them or to delete them. In order to achieve that, you may simply connect to your account and make whatever modifications are necessary in your profile.
We will delete your personal data but keep certain connection data, specific demographical and statistical data referring to you and an anonymous copy, in our archives, of your information.
Please send any request by mail or email, with sufficient information for us to identify you, to the address mentioned above.