http://www.emhc.org/privacy-practices/
Coronavirus: the latest information for testing, screening and visitors.
COVID-19 Virtual Community Town Hall presentation now available >>
Privacy Practices
Privacy Practices
Share
Privacy Practices
The Notice of Privacy Practices listed below describe how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Privacy Practices (Spanish version)
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to EEHealth.org. We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it.
There are two types of information we collect on this website:
1. Personally identifiable information
In some instances, Edward-Elmhurst Health collects personally identifiable information (such as email address, name, phone number, etc.) through this website. This information is only collected when volunteered by the user – for example, when completing a form to subscribe to a newsletter.
2. Non-personally identifiable information
This site also collects non-personally identifiable user information, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, cookies, Internet tags and navigational data. This information is used for system management and to improve the content and navigation of the site.
We do not match personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information. In other words, we do not link personal information (for example, your name and location) with visit information, such as pages visited or files downloaded. In effect, all such visit information is anonymous.
Personal information you submit, such as on an appointment request form, is shared only with Edward-Elmhurst Health personnel who need this information to respond to your question or request. We do not save personal information to use for other purposes, and we do not provide it to any other organizations.
Google Analytics
This site may collect data that is non-personally identifiable using first- and third-party cookies for demographics and other behavioral information as a part of an advertising or remarketing program. Users may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising through their browser settings or by adding an Opt-Out Browser Add-On ›
Disclosure of collected information
Edward-Elmhurst Health does not disclose or share, without your consent, personally identifiable information, except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure may be required by law. Nor will Edward-Elmhurst Health distribute or sell your personally identifiable information to third-party organizations.
Email communication, newsletters and related services
Edward-Elmhurst Health provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us. You can unsubscribe at any time by submitting the Contact Us Form.
Communication you send to us via email links on our site may be shared with a customer service representative, a medical expert or staff member who can best address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received.
Email does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. Please do not send any personal health information via email.
Security Policy
We believe that protecting the security of your information is important. Therefore, we have taken certain security measures in an attempt to protect your information. The security method used by the EEHealth.org Web Site is secure socket layers ("SSL") technology.
Privacy of Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The EEHealth.org Web Site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not intentionally collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
Edward-Elmhurst Healthcare cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We take reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide.
Electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily protected from interception, so we cannot absolutely guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions.
If you reached this site via an ad from Edward-Elmhurst Health
If you come to the EEhealth.org website via an Edward-Elmhurst Health advertisement, the ad may have been served to you based on your interests or your browsing habits. If you want to opt out of being served Edward-Elmhurst advertisements based on your browsing activity, you may opt out of cookies for multiple ad servers here ›
Links to other websites
The EEHealth.org websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you're visiting.
Privacy policy updates
We may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes. If we make significant changes to the privacy policy, a prominent message will be posted on our websites.
Acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of the privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website.
Close
Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter
Receive our free e-Newletter for health tips, challenges, special event updates and more ways to stay healthy.
Sign Up
News
View All
Edward Hospital earns national honor for achieving, sustaining excellence in pediatrics
Edward Hospital earns the 2020 Guardian of Excellence Award from Press Ganey for outstanding achievement in pediatrics.
×
Home
Find A Doctor
Locations
Medical Services
Patients & Visitors
Healthy Driven™
Health & Fitness Centers
I want to...
Schedule online
Log into Patient Portal/MyChart
Pay My Bill & Estimate Costs
Take a Health Assessment
Find a class or support group
Search Careers
Donate
Contact Us
If you have reached this screen, your current device or browser is unable to access the full Edward-Elmhurst Health Web site.
To see the full site, please upgrade your browser to the most recent version of Safari, Chrome, Firefox or Internet Explorer. If you cannot upgrade your browser, you can remain on this site.
Close
Visit Type
Schedule Now
Close
Tell Us about yourselfso we can give you better newsletter information
What would you like to hear more about? Select all that apply
Sign Up