https://www.clairehouse.org.uk/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Home >
Privacy Notice
1. Policy Statement
About Us
Claire House Children’s Hospice (CHCH) is a charity that is very much part of the community we serve. Without our supporters, we could not carry on with the work that we do that is so valued by the families we look after. We take our Data Protection responsibilities very seriously, with regard to the personal data that is shared with us. We promise to keep this safe and secure and use it for the purposes for which it was collected and not do anything that wouldn’t be reasonably expected or is not allowed under legislation.
For Data protection requirements * the data controller is Claire House Children’s Hospice, Clatterbridge Road, Bebington, Wirral, CH63 4JD. This is also our registered office.
Our registered charity number is ** 1004058.
Our ICO Data Controller registration number is: Z5857396
Our Commitment to You
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and we take your privacy very seriously.
To enable us to undertake our charitable objectives we collect and use personal information about individuals. We recognise the trust placed in us by individuals whose information we use. This notice (together with any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on how any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, or that we obtain about you will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
This privacy notice explains the following:
What information Claire House may collect about you
How we will use any information we have collected from you
When Claire House may use your information to contact you
Whether Claire House will disclose your information to anyone else
Your choices regarding the personal information you have provided to us
We are committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide information such as this, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection and security of personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy & Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Objective
The objective of this notice is to give a clear explanation of what personal information we collect and how we collect, use and protect personal information.
2. Scope
This notice applies to the public including our supporters, contractors and other customers.
We have separate privacy notices for our children and families, employees, volunteers and job applicants.
This privacy notice provides details about:
Your data protection rights as an individual
The information we collect and use
Why we share information about you
How long we keep information about you
Your rights as an individual
We feel it is important that you are aware of your rights as an individual.
Complaints
3. Responsibilities
This policy has been designed to ensure that the data managed by the organisation is protected at all times, along with the privacy of all individuals connected with Claire House.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information, although those rights will not apply in all cases or to all the information that we hold about you. For example, we may need to continue to hold and process information to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
You have the right to be informed about how we use the data you provide. We will try to be as transparent as possible in our interactions with you. Any time you give us personal information you have a right to be informed about why we need it and how we will use it. You can find most of the information you need in this Privacy Notice.
You have right of access to any of your personal data that we hold about you. You can contact us at any time to gain information about what data we hold about you and why we hold it.
If you make a formal request, we will respond to acknowledge your request and will first require you to prove your identity. We may also ask you for information about any specific information you are seeking to help us make sure we meet your request fully and speed up the process.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.
We will provide you with the information that you are entitled to as soon as possible and without unreasonable delay and at the latest within one month of your identity being verified by us.
In exceptional cases we may extend the period of compliance by a further two months if the request(s) are complex or numerous. If this is the case, we will inform you within one month of the receipt of the request and explain why the extension is necessary.
In most circumstances there will be no charge for this right of this access.
You have the right to have any personal data we hold corrected at any time if you believe it to be inaccurate e.g. the spelling of your name or your contact information.
You also have the right to ask for our processing of your personal data to be restricted. For example, if you are contesting the accuracy of data we are using about you. In such case we will restrict our processing while we verify the accuracy of the data that we hold.
You can also ask for certain information about you to be deleted. For example, if you are moving out of the area.
In certain cases, we will be unable to delete your information if there are statutory grounds to retain it (i.e. HMRC or other legal requirements).
You have the right to data portability where processing is automated, although we don’t currently carry out any such processing. If we do in future, you can make a request and this data can be exported from our systems for you.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing or profiling purposes.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us via the Information Officer by the email below or alternatively at the following address:
informationofficer@clairehouse.org.uk
Information Officer
Claire House Children’s Hospice
Clatterbridge Road
Bebington
Wirral
CH63 4JD
What information we collect about you
We mainly collect information from our supporters in order for us to process or encourage donations, purchase items from the hospice or shop, claim gift aid donations on your behalf or when you engage with us on social media, on our website or any other channel.
This information consists of (but is not limited to) name, postal address, email address, telephone or mobile number, date of birth (especially for lottery sign ups), bank account details, debit or credit card details and whether or not you are a tax payer so that we can claim gift aid on your donations.
Where it is appropriate we may also ask you for more “sensitive personal data” such as your height and weight, information relating to your health or dietary requirements if you are participating in or attending one of our events. This will be made clear at the point of sign up, at which stage you will have the option to not proceed. We may also ask you why you have chosen to donate.
Claire House may also use publicly available information to identify people who may be interested in a high-profile public association with us. This information may include newspaper or other media coverage, open postings on social media sites such as LinkedIn and Twitter and data from Companies’ House.
CCTV Systems
Claire House operates a Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) surveillance system (“the system”) throughout the Claire House premises and in some shops, with images being monitored and recorded. The system is owned, operated and managed by Claire House. It is used for maintaining public safety, the security of property and premises and for the detection, prevention and investigating of crime. Where appropriate, in exceptional cases, it may also be used to monitor staff when carrying out work duties. Disclosure of recorded material will only be made to third parties in accordance with the purposes of the system and in compliance with Data Protection legislation.
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, for example in our management systems and in other IT systems (including the email system).
Access to view recorded images is restricted to key individuals.
How we use your information
We will use your information for the following:
To administer your donation(s) or your sign up to our events. In addition, we may use your information to claim gift aid
To keep a record of your relationship with us
To enable us to record how you’d like to hear from us
To understand how we can keep improving our fundraising products, services and information
To ensure we are being compliant with various laws. For example, gambling legislation when we administer our lottery
To occasionally invite you to participate in surveys from Claire House so we can continually improve what we do
To help us to build profiles of our supporters so we can better target our communications. From time to time we might use geographic, demographic and other information relating to you, so we can understand your interests and send you the most relevant pieces of information. We may take this information from publicly available sources (e.g. addresses, census data, listed directorships and typical earnings in a given area) and may use trusted third parties to do this
We may contact you to keep you updated on our progress, send you stories and ask you for donations or to participate in fundraising events or other support. Occasionally we may include information from partner organisations. Our communications all have opt-out statements in them, and the opportunity to indicate your preferences. If you don’t want us to contact you, then we’re fine with that too. You can do so by ringing us on 0151 343 0883 or by emailing us at fundraising@clairehouse.org.uk.
Lawful Basis for Processing
We must have a lawful basis for processing your information; this will vary on the circumstances of why we process and how we use your information, but typical examples include:
the activities are within our legitimate interests as a charity that provides hospice care,
the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject e.g. we must provide certain contact information and other details about our services to HMRC and the Charities Commission,
the processing is necessary for us to perform a task in the public interest or for our official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law,
the processing is necessary for a contract we have with the individual, or because they have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract,
you have given consent for us to process the information e.g. in relation to certain support and fundraising events or in relation to certain marketing activities,
to protect vital interests e.g. the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.
if we process any special categories of information i.e. information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying individuals, health data, or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation, we must have a further lawful basis for the processing.
This may include:
you give us your explicit consent to do so
the processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or someone else’s vital interests, e.g. where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent
the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity
the processing is necessary for: reasons of substantial public interest, for the purposes of preventive or occupational medicine, for the assessment of the working capacity of an employee, medical diagnosis, the provision of health or social care or treatment or the management of health or social care systems and services based on legislation or pursuant to contract with a health professional and subject to the conditions and safeguards.
Will we sell your details?
Absolutely not. We will never sell information provided to us by our supporters.
Occasionally we use trusted external companies to collect or process data on our behalf, for example sometimes we run an event in partnership with a third party and in order to administer the event we will need to share the information with them. However, we always make this clear to you up front and will respect your wishes if you decide not to participate.
Children’s Data
Occasionally we have reason to collect children’s data. This might be because they have signed up to an event or have done some fundraising for us. It could be because they are the subject of a tribute fund, either living or in memory. If we know that the individual is a child, they will be flagged as such and automatically set to no contact, other than a thank you letter or certificate. We do not send marketing information to children.
How we keep your information and who has access to it
Your information is held on systems that are maintained and managed securely by Claire House. We ensure that there are technical controls in place to protect your personal details.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.
We use trusted external companies to collect or process data on our behalf. We do extensive checks on these companies before we work with them and put a contract and data protection agreement in place prior to any work taking place, that sets out our expectations and requirements, especially regarding how they manage the personal data they collect or have access to.
We may need to disclose your details if required, to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors. You may not be informed when this happens.
How long we keep your data
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity. For example, we will hold gift aid information for a minimum of six years to enable us to make back-dated claims on donations.
If you request that we stop sending you marketing materials we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information that helps us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Legacy information is essential to the running of the charity. Because of the nature of this type of income, we may hold information on legacy donors for an extended period of time to enable us to communicate effectively with the executors and families of people who leave us legacies.
Keeping your information up to date
It’s really important to us to be able to keep your information up to date and as accurate as possible. This is part of our obligation in order to comply with data protection law. We’d also like to be able to stay in touch with you as you want us to. We ask for your support in this by advising of any updates to your details, for example a change of name or address.
We may use publicly available sources to keep your records up to date; for example the Post Office’s National Change of Address database and information provided to us by other organisations as described above.
If you would like to tell us of any changes to your information or change the way we contact you, then please contact us as follows:
Email us at fundraising@clairehouse.org.uk
Write to us at Claire House Children’s Hospice, Clatterbridge Road, Bebington, Wirral, CH63 4JD
Telephone us on 0151 343 0883 (Mon-Fri 9am-5pm)
Requests to access or stop using your data
You have a right to ask us to stop processing your personal data, and assuming that it’s not essential for the purpose you provided it for (e.g. processing a donation or registering you for an event), we will do so. Get in touch with us on 0151 343 0883 or fundraising@clairehouse.org.uk if you have any concerns.
You have a right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you. This is known as a Subject Access Request. See the above section on your rights for further details.
If you would like to access your information, then please speak to us directly. We may ask for written confirmation of the request, just to confirm your identity.
Online Information
To improve your browsing experience, we do use services provided by third parties such as Facebook, Google and other social media bodies. Whilst every reasonable effort is taken to protect your data and ensure your privacy is respected, please bear in mind that we have no direct control over these services or any information shared with them. Please be aware that it is not always possible for us to guarantee that they adhere to the same Data Protection standards that Claire House does. If you have any concerns that you would like further clarification on, then please contact us and we would be delighted to discuss this further.
Claire House provides our website as a public service and cannot guarantee your connection is always secure. Claire House will take every reasonable step to ensure a safe and secure browsing experience. By browsing our site and using our digital services you agree to our privacy policy and the limitations outlined therein. Claire House is a UK registered charity and subject to all UK legislation in regard to data protection.
Like most websites, we use “cookies” to help us make our site – and the way you use it – better. Cookies mean that a website will remember you. They’re small text files that sites transfer to your computer (or phone or tablet). They make interacting with a website faster and easier – for example by automatically filling your name and address in text fields. There are more details in our Cookie Policy at the end of this notice.
Complaints
CHCH tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive details of all aspects of CHCH’s collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to informationofficer@clairehouse.org.uk.
If you believe that CHCH has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, their address is Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF or by calling 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this Policy
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time, so you may wish to check it each time you submit information to Claire House. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. We may notify supporters of any major changes by placing a notice on the website or by contacting you directly.
Download our volunteer app!
×
If you are looking to find a volunteer opportunity to suit you, then you can download our new Claire House volunteer app.
You'll be able to find all the latest volunteer opportunities, as well as information about how you will be helping to support seriously ill children and their families.
To download on iTunes App Store, please visit
https://appsto.re/gb/eXdBib.i
To download on Google Play Store, please visit
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…
Close