https://www.anatbanieltraining.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use & Privacy Policynmadmin2018-07-12T04:18:15-07:00
By using this website, you agree to the terms of use as stated herein. Please do not use this site if you do not agree to these terms.
The materials (including but not limited to software, documents, logos, graphics, sounds, images, and other items) that are made available by the Website Owner, operator, or their agents on this site are provided to you only as a convenience and may be used for informational purposes only. By using this site or downloading any Materials from it, you hereby agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to them, do not use this site or download any Materials from it. The terms set forth herein apply to all of the Materials, including each individual page on this site.
The Materials on this site are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, and may not be copied, distributed, downloaded, modified, posted, published, reproduced, reused, re-posted, uploaded or otherwise used without the express written permission of the Website Owner, operator, or their agents.
Software Available On This Site
Any software that is made available to download from this site (“Software”) is the copyrighted work of the author. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software (“License Agreement”). An end user may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless he or she first agrees to the terms of the License Agreement.
The Software is made available for downloading solely for use by end users according to the License Agreement. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
Without limiting the foregoing, copying, reproduction, or redistribution of the software to any other server or location for further copying, reproduction, or redistribution is expressly prohibited.
Documents Available On This Site
With respect to particular documents (such as product specifications, product information, articles, and pertinent information) that are made available on this site (“Documents”), you are hereby authorized to view, copy, print, and distribute such Documents subject to your agreement that: Your use is for informational, purposes only:
You will not copy or post Documents on any network computer or broadcast Documents in any media.
You will not modify any Documents, nor will you copy or distribute graphics separate from their accompanying text.
You will not quote any Documents out of their context.
You will display the copyright notice set forth above and retain any other copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices and marks contained therein on every copy you make.
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and you shall immediately discontinue any such use upon written notice from The Website Owner, operator, or their agents.
This is a license, not a transfer of title. Use for any purpose other than as set forth herein is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
The term “Documents” does not include the design or layout of this web site or any other site which is owned, operated, licensed or controlled by The Website Owner, operator, or their agents, as defined by the “Contact Us” page of this website. Elements of this site(s), including page headers, custom graphics, logos, sounds, images and button icons, are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic, sound, image or other element from any site may be copied, reproduced, redistributed or retransmitted unless expressly permitted the Website Owner, operator, or their agents.
Anti-Piracy
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents actively protects all patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, and works to combat software piracy worldwide. Copying software is a crime and is punishable in most jurisdictions. If you are aware of someone with illegally copied software, please contact the Software Publishers Association. Report Software Piracy!
Trademark Information
All trademarks, trade names, or company names referenced herein are used for identification only and are the property of their respective owners.
Warranties and Disclaimers
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and except and solely to the extent any information or software materials are warranted, if at all, according to the terms of the license agreement accompanying such materials, The Website Owner, operator, or their agents and their suppliers disclaim any and all warranties and conditions, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, and those arising out of usage of trade or course of dealing, concerning the materials, including the software and documents, the provision of or failure to provide services, or information available from this site. The materials and references to corporations and their respective services and products, are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind.
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents and their suppliers do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the materials, make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the materials for any purpose, and assume no responsibility or liability for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies that may appear in the materials or in other publications which are referenced by or linked to the materials. The materials could include technical or other inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the materials, which changes are incorporated into new editions of the materials. The Website Owner, operator, or their agents may make changes and/or improvements to the materials, or to the products described therein, at any time without notice. The Website Owner, operator, or their agents makes no commitment to update the materials.
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents does not guarantee that solutions suggested in the materials will be effective in your particular situation. If you are not familiar with any of the steps listed in any solution, The Website Owner, operator, or their agents advises that you do not proceed without first consulting additional resources.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Website Owner, operator, or their agents or its suppliers (or their respective agents, directors, employees or representatives) be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, consequential, incidental, direct, indirect, special, economic, punitive or similar damages, or damages for loss of business profits, loss of goodwill, business interruption, computer failure or malfunction, loss of business information or any and all other commercial or pecuniary damages or losses) arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the materials, including without limitation the use or performance of software or documents, the provision of or failure to provide services, or information available from this site, however caused and on any legal theory of liability (whether in tort, contract or otherwise), even if the Website Owner, operator, or their agents has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any other party. Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Some links in the materials will let you leave The Website Owner, operator, or their agents site. The third-party sites, which are linked in the materials, are not under the control of The Website Owner, operator, or their agents and The Website Owner, operator, or their agents are not responsible for the contents of any linked third-party site or any link contained in such linked third-party site. The Website Owner, operator, or their agents is providing these links to third-party sites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to a third-party site does not imply endorsement by The Website Owner, operator, or their agents of such third-party site.
Third-Party Products
The mention of third parties and their respective products in the Materials on this site is provided to you only as a convenience, is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of such third parties or their products. All third-party products must be ordered directly from such third-party or its representatives, and all licenses and warranties relating to such third-party products, if any, are between you and such third party.
Right to Communications
Should you, or any viewer of the materials, communicate any information, feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other items to The Website Owner, operator, or their agents regarding the materials, any such communication shall be deemed not to be confidential and The Website Owner, operator, or their agents shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute such communication to others, without limitation. You agree that The Website Owner, operator, or their agents shall have the unrestricted right to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, software, documentation, diagrams, drawings, schematics or techniques contained in your communication in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products or providing services.
No Obligations
The Materials on this site may be accessed internationally and may contain references to The Website Owner, operator, or their agent’s products, programs and services that are neither available nor planned for availability in your particular country. These references do not imply that The Website Owner, operator, or their agents intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country, and by referring to such products, programs or services, The Website Owner, operator, or their agents incurs no obligation to subsequently make them available in such country.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights
Use of the Materials contained within this site, by the U.S. Government, constitutes acknowledgment of The Website Owner, operator, or their agents rights therein.
Applicable Laws
This site is controlled and operated by the Website Owner, operator, or their agents from its offices within as defined on the “Contact Us” page of this website. The Website Owner, operator, or their agents makes no representation that the Materials are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions, and access to them from jurisdictions where its contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other jurisdictions do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claim relating to the Materials shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, U.S.A., except for that body of law dealing with conflicts of law, without reference to the 1980 United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
All Rights Reserved
Except as expressly provided herein, nothing in the Materials or on this site confers or is to be construed as conferring, whether by implication, estoppels or otherwise, any license or right under any patent, copyright or trademark of The Website Owner, operator, or their agents or any third party. Note that any product, process, or technology in the Materials may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by The Website Owner, operator, their agents or a third party, and are not licensed hereunder.
The Website Owner, operator, and their agents reserves any and all rights not expressly granted herein.
Terms of Use Published June 8, 2018
Privacy Policy
The personal information collected from this website may be used for a variety of purposes including identification, registration, authentication, online transactions, and marketing. The personal data of customers and website visitors may be stored indefinitely and may be collected and processed in one or more data bases maintained directly or indirectly by the Website Owner, operator, or their agents. By providing personal information to the Website Owner, operator, or their agents, you agree and understand that the Website Owner, operator, or their agents may access, store, and use this information for a variety of purposes including identification, registration, authentication, online transactions, and marketing (unless you have opted out of receiving marketing solicitations) in any of the countries in which the Website Owner, operator, or their agents maintain offices, including the United States.
Personal Information
You should be aware that the Website Owner, operator, or their agents will disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process; (2) respond to any claims; or (3) protect the rights, property or personal safety of The Website Owner, operator, or their agents, our customers or the public.
Cookies – What They Are and Why They Are Used
Like many companies that provide websites, the Website Owner, operator, or their agents may use “cookies” in order to better understand and serve the needs of our on-line visitors. A cookie is a small text file that a web page server places on your hard drive. Cookies function as your identification card and may record passwords, preferences, and purchases. Cookies are used to let the web page server know that you have returned to this site. This helps us to be more efficient in serving you because it permits us to determine what information and web pages you may be especially interested in viewing. Cookies also can be used to determine other information, such as the daily visitors to our web site and the pages of the site most frequently visited. Cookies are unique and can only be read by the server that assigns them. They cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. If you do not wish to have a cookie set when you visit our web pages, you may alter the settings in your browser to prevent them. The browser can be “instructed” to accept all cookies or to alert you every time a cookie is offered. However, by not accepting cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information.
Personal Information Related to Children
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents does not intend to collect personal information from children who identify themselves as being under 18 years of age. Children should not provide personal information on this website, and should ask their parents to submit a request on their behalf if they want to receive information related to this site. The Website Owner, operator, or their agents encourages parents to take an active interest in their children’s use of the Internet. The Website Owner, operator, or their agents Respects and Protects Your Personal Information and will take reasonable measures to protect the information you share with us. Whenever you give us sensitive information (such as when you register with a personal identity and password), the Website Owner, operator, or their agents will take commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your web browser.
“Opting Out”
If you choose to “opt out” of receiving information from the Website Owner, operator, or their agents, its partners or other companies or organizations at the time you submit personal information, or you would like to stop receiving information from the Website Owner, operator, or their agents, you may notify us at any time by sending us an e-mail message or a written notification to the email or postal address indicated in the next paragraph. Please include your name, address (including country), and/or e-mail address when you contact us. If you notify us that you wish to “opt out” after you initially provided us with personal information, we will no longer share your personal information with other companies and organizations subsequent to your “opt out” notification. However, any information we provided to other companies or organizations prior to receiving your “opt-out” request will not be recalled.
Updating, Reviewing, and Deleting Your Information
You can help the Website Owner, operator, or their agents to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your address, phone number, e-mail address, or other information by sending us an e-mail message to the email address listed on the ‘Contact Us’ page or by notifying us in writing at the address listed on the ‘Contact Us’ page of this website.
Links to Other Sites
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents are not responsible for the privacy practices of other Website Owners, operators, or their agents’ sites to which the Website Owner, operator, or their agents’ website(s) may link. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of these sites before you provide them with personal information.
Questions or Concerns
The Website Owner, operator, or their agents welcomes your questions and comments regarding this policy. If you believe that the Website Owner, operator, or their agents has not adhered to this policy please notify us with a message sent to the email address listed on the ‘Contact Us’ page or in writing at the address listed on the ‘Contact Us’ page of this website, attn: Customer Service/Privacy and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify and remedy the problem.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. When we do so, we will post notice of any revisions on this site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit our website.
Privacy Policy Published June 8, 2018
Go to Top