http://www.rstmh.org/disclaimer-privacy
HomeDisclaimer & privacy
Disclaimer & privacy
Privacy Policy
The Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene is a Registered charity in England and Wales (1146162). Company limited by guarantee. Registered company in England and Wales (07941827).
At the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (RSTMH) we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our members and supporters. This privacy policy explains what happens to the personal information that you provide to us voluntarily or that we collect from you.
What this policy includes
Our privacy policy takes into account the following legal instruments:
The Data Protection Act 1998
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011
Directive 2009/136/EC of 25 November 2009 (“The European Union Cookie Directive”).
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact the Chief Executive:
Tamar Ghosh
Chief Executive
Royal Society of Tropical medicine and Hygiene Northumberland House
303-306 High Holborn
London
WC1V 7JZ
Email: tamar [dot] ghosh [at] rstmh [dot] org
What information we collect and/or process
In the course of our work we may collect and/or process the following information about you:
Personal information that you provide voluntarily to us. This could include when you sign up to our newsletter, open an online account, apply to become a member, attend one of our events, apply for a small grant, or submit a manuscript to one of our journals.
Information about your use of our website. This could include details of your visits such as pages you viewed and the resources accessed. Such information could include traffic and location data and other communication data.
Information that you provide to us when communicate with us in any way, for example when you email us or apply to work with us.
How we use your data
We use your data to ensure we best deliver the activity or service you have requested of us. This may include being able to tailor information to your location, area of work or interests.
By becoming a member of the society, signing up to our newsletter, or taking another action you are providing your consent for us to use your data to fulfil the activity you have requested, in the ways described in this privacy policy.
To deliver our activities we may need to work with, and transfer your data to, third parties, who may not be based in the UK, and may not provide the same level of data protection as the UK. If we do transfer your data in this way we will ensure we meet the legal obligations as a data controller, through a contract where needed.
Under this policy we will use the data for the following activities:
Enable your use of the services available on our website
Maintain information about you in order to provide you with the relevant services or products you have requested
Provide personal details to appropriate suppliers, in order to provide you with the relevant services or products
Maintain a register of Members/Fellows as described in our Articles of Association
Processing applications you send us to apply for vacancies or other roles
Deal with enquiries and complaints made by you or about you relating to the website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Security of your personal information
Data movement over the internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. Whilst we will do all we can to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best efforts to try to ensure its security both on our systems and while it is moving between our systems and any third parties who provide us with services we use to carry out our work.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
How to find out what personal information we hold about you
You can request details of the personal information we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you would like a copy of the information we hold on you, please write to:
Tamar Ghosh
Chief Executive
Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene
Northumberland House
303-306 High Holborn
London
WC1V 7JZ
Or email tamar [dot] ghosh [at] rstmh [dot] org
If you would like to unsubscribe from our newsletter, please click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our newsletters.
If you would like to remove your details from our records, please email tamar [dot] ghosh [at] rstmh [dot] org.
Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website. We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie.
Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer's hard drive.
Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever. You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can be done within the ‘settings’ section of your computer.
For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org.
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information in line with Google's privacy policy.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Session Cookie
SESS<...>
When required, cookies beginning with 'SESS' are used to track an individual's persistent status, such as whether they are logged in.
Google analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
JavaScript
has_js
We use this cookie to track which browsers are capable of processing JavaScript. JavaScript is a scripting language which provides enhanced interactivity and visual effects.
Cookie acceptance
cookied-agreed-en
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on this website.
Changes to this policy
We may update this policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. The new policy will apply from the date we post it, and that may change the way in which we collect and process personal data from the date. The date is also at the bottom of the policy.
This Statement was last updated in May 2018.