http://www.hrrv.org/privacy-practices/
Skip to content
Special Alert Regarding COVID-19
The health and safety of those we serve and interact with are our highest priority. In the wake of the COVID-19 virus, please know we are taking appropriate steps as recommended by the CDC and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to prevent the spread of illness while also pursuing our mission of compassionate care. We will continue to monitor and respond as needed over the coming days and weeks. Hospice of the Red River Valley is fully staffed and ready to serve.READ MORE
Home > Privacy Practices
These notices describe how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information.
Hospice of the Red River Valley’s Notice of Privacy Practices can be found by clicking here.
Privacy Statement Regarding our Website Hospice of the Red River Valley is aware that the security of your private information from the use of our website is an important concern. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously and demonstrate a strong commitment to online privacy. In acknowledgment of that commitment, we have adopted a comprehensive policy to safeguard the privacy of all visitors to the Hospice of the Red River Valley website.
Collection of Data We store data on our servers for various security reasons. This data may include the name of your Internet service provider, click sources, the websites that you visit from our site and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This information can be used to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website, to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. The data we collect will only be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested products or services, company marketing purposes or for other reasons for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law.
Security Hospice of the Red River Valley uses technical and organizational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons.
Children We do not collect, process or use on our website, any information relating to an individual whom we know to be under 13 years old, without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative. We do not give children the ability to post or distribute personal information without prior consent. We do not entice children with games or contests that would encourage them to disclose personal information.
Disclaimer This site contains links to other sites. Hospice of the Red River Valley is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites.
Contact Us Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy.
“Thank you for the wonderful care you gave our loved one. You all treated him with respect and love, just as if he was a member of your own family.
We will be forever grateful to all of you.”
– Family member of  Hospice of the Red River Valley patient
Read more testimonials.
“You were able to reassure us when we needed it and allowed our loved one to pass with dignity and beauty.
You have touched our lives when we were the most fragile, and we are blessed for knowing all of you.”
– Family member of a Hospice of the Red River Valley patient
Read more testimonials.
“My mother and daughter’s end-of-life experiences were made significantly better by Hospice of the Red River Valley.
We were able to be a family together with the help of Hospice.”
– Roger, family member of Hospice of the Red River Valley patients
Read more testimonials.
“Hospice of the Red River Valley gave my dad dignity. Hospice care allowed Dad to pass beautifully and gracefully.”
– Brenda, daughter of a Hospice of the Red River Valley patient
Read more testimonials.
“I cannot say enough great things about Hospice and the wonderful care my husband received in your care. I certainly could not have handled caring for him myself.”
– Jean, wife of an HRRV patient
Read more testimonials.
Upcoming Events
Uplifting Experience: Hospice Patient Enjoys Hot Air Balloon RideOn an early fall morning, Hospice of the Red River Valley Patient Mary Sluke was up with the birds, quite literally. She awoke with excitement …One More Fishing Trip Creates Family Memories for Hospice PatientThe view from Donovan (Don) Johnson’s window at Pelican Valley Health Center overlooks a fishing pier and pond in the heart of downtown Pelican Rapids, …
Grief Support
Support Group: Grief Journeys for Widows (Fargo – daytime session)
December 15 @ 1:00 pm - 2:30 pm
View More Events
Stay Connected
ENTER YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
Hospice of the Red River Valley complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex.
HOSPICE CARE
Frequent Questions Final Days: Signs Death is NearCommon ConditionsPediatric HospiceBenefits of HospiceWhy Choose HRRV? Patient & Family Stories
REFERRALS
Prognostication Benefits of Hospice Education & Support Make a Referral
GRIEF SUPPORT
Resources & EducationSupport for Children & TeensGrief Support CalendarRequest a Speaker
VOLUNTEER
Types of VolunteersRequirementsTraining & EducationApply to Volunteer
ABOUT US
Mission/Vision/ValuesLeadershipCareersWhere We Serve
HistoryEventsNews & MediaHeirlooms
SEARCH THIS SITE
Search
© COPYRIGHT 2020    |    PRIVACY PRACTICES    |    CONTACT US
Give a gift of comfort and connection.
Your gift offers expert care and connection to some of our community’s most vulnerable. Please make a donation to support our important mission.
X