http://www.karma-net.com/privacy.htm
home
home
Privacy Statement for
KarmaNet
Karma-Net
has created this privacy statement in order
to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web
site:
Karma-Net.Com
Information
Automatically Logged
We use your
IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer
our Web site. This information is never sold
or distributed.
Advertisers
We use an outside
ad service to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received
with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have
access to this information.
Registration
Forms
We primarily use trusted third-party providers to manage any sign-up forms, mailing list forms, etc. These forms may require users to provide contact information
(like their name oremail). Karma-Net does not sell directly this site, nor do we handle any personal financial information. Any product links will lead to a third-party site, with their own privacy guidelines.
Users may always opt-out
of receiving
e-mail from us by using the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any e-mail we may send you.
If, for any reason, you receive a message from us without an unsubscribe link, please see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains
links to other sites.
Karma-Net
is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
Information
collected through special relationships, such as "Powered by" partners,
content providers, business partners, cobranded sites, etc. is used
primarily for site maintenance purposes.
Security
This site has
security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration
of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides
users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing
information from our partners (if any), and us .
You can
send e-mail to: support (at) karma-net.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives
users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided:
You can
send e-mail to: support (at) karma-net.com
Contacting the
Web Site
If you have any
questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
support (at) karma-net.com
home