http://www.vivarin.com/en/privacy-policy
menu
About
Benefits Of Caffeine
Caffeine Safety
Caffeine Side Effects
Caffeine Withdrawals
Mental Benefits
Caffeine Comparisons
Videos
Contact
Where To Buy
About
Benefits Of Caffeine
Caffeine Safety
Caffeine Side Effects
Caffeine Withdrawals
Mental Benefits
Caffeine Comparisons
Videos
Contact
Where To Buy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Any reference to “MCH” shall mean Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
Meda Consumer Healthcare (MCH) is committed to providing an informative and safe web site.
We are dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected online.
To help ensure a rewarding online experience for our visitors, we provide you with this summary of our information practices.
This privacy notice governs the collection and use of information at MCH.
As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our practices from time to time.
However, we will treat all personal information we collect in accordance with the current privacy notice.
It is your responsibility to occasionally check this policy for updates.
MCH is strongly committed to maintaining your privacy when you visit our sites.
Some of the information kept on the MCH server is information that you volunteer to provide through forms, and some is collected automatically.
Unless you volunteer to submit personal data yourself, MCH will not collect any information that directly identifies individual visitors, and will not use any information collected to attempt to trace any individual user.
Information automatically collected and stored
The MCH web server automatically collects information such as the domain name of your Internet access provider, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect the visitor’s computer to the Internet, the visitor’s browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our site, pages viewed, information searched for, access times and other relevant statistics.
MCH uses this information in the aggregate to measure the use of its sites and to administer and improve them.
Some of MCH web sites may also deposit certain bits of information called “cookies” in a visitor’s computer.
Generally, a cookie assigns a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
This information is used by MCH in an aggregate form to help us improve MCH web sites.
Most web browsers allow the user to deny or accept the cookie feature.
However, please note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the MCH sites.
Further information about cookies can be found at http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm.
Personal information you choose to provide
In order to receive personalized services, or order products, you may be asked to provide personal information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address).
No material consequences will result from your refusal to submit such information except that you may not obtain the functionality or receive information you requested.
By submitting your personal data to us, you will be treated as having given your permission for the processing of your personal data as set out in this policy; we may need to give your personal data to our affiliate companies and/or third parties solely for the purposes of carrying out this processing.
MCH will use personal information only for the purpose indicated to you when you provided it.
MCH will not disclose, sell, rent or exchange such personally identifiable information to any other organization or entity unless the user is first notified and expressly agrees to it, or as otherwise required by law.
MCH reserves its right to amend this policy at any time.
The privacy policy does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.
This site may contain links to other web sites.
This privacy statement does not cover these sites, and MCH shall not be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites.
If you have concerns or questions please consult your local MCH contact or send an e-mail to the webmaster at itsupport@meda.us.
Children’s privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.
You should be aware that this site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 18.
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 18.
Limitation on Liability
This site and the content are provided on an “as is” basis.
MCH, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
MCH shall be liable only to the extent of actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed $1000.
MCH is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of this site.
Any claims arising in connection with your use of the site must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred.
Remedies under these Terms and Conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions.
In no event will MCH, any of its affiliated entities or suppliers be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, even if these entities have been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action, under contract, negligence or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or performance of the information, services, products and materials available from this web site.
These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose or the existence of any limited remedy.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Applicable Law
The laws of the State of Georgia will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law.
You expressly agree that exclusive personal jurisdiction for any dispute in any way relating to your use of this site resides in the courts of the State of Georgia and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of Georgia in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving MCH or our affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
User Agreement
Your access and use of information on this web site is submitted to the following terms and conditions:
Copyrights and Trademarks
This web site is produced by Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc.
The content of this site is protected under applicable copyrights and trademarks laws.
You may print a single copy of the content for your own personal noncommercial use, provided any copy of these documents that you make retains all copyright or other proprietary notices and any disclaimer contained thereon.
The further copying, redistribution or publication of any part of this site is prohibited.
If you link to any third-party web sites from this site, you are responsible for complying with the copyright provisions of those sites.
Vivarin®, Functional Caffeine®, Vivarin® design, stylization and trade dress, Revive with Vivarin® and Make the Most of Every Day® are registered trademarks of MedaAB.
Disclaimer
MCH makes reasonable efforts to provide accurate and current information on this site.
However MCH makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, of any kind related to the information provided.
MCH reserves its right to make additions, deletions, or modifications to the information at any time without prior notification.
Information related to product(s) is for use by technically skilled persons at their own discretion and risk and does not relate to the use of any product in combination with any other substance or in any process.
Information related to any medical conditions or MCH prescription or over the counter product(s) is for informational purposes only and is not meant to substitute for the independent medical judgment of a licensed healthcare practitioner relative to product use or treatment options of a specific condition.
Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition prior to use or purchase of product(s).
Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this site!
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
Reliance on any information provided here Site is solely at your own risk.
Because the possibilities and application conditions of our products are many and varied, and lie beyond our control, it is the duty of the user to verify the compliance of its contemplated use with applicable laws and regulations.
We can therefore in no event be held liable in case of utilization of our products, which is not in compliance with legislation and regulation applicable in the country of the user.
This is not a license under any patent or other proprietary right.
The user alone must finally determine suitability of any information or material for any contemplated use, the manner of use and whether any patents are infringed.
Access and hyperlinks
You agree that all access and use of this web site and its content is at your own risk.
The links displayed in this site can give access to sites submitted to the laws of other countries.
Therefore, all information, data about products or their various uses and/or applications set out in these different sites will only be valid under applicable laws and regulations of those countries.
It is therefore the duty of the user to check their compliance with its own applicable laws and regulations.
This site may provide links to third party web sites.
MCH shall not be responsible for accuracy or any other aspect of the information contained on such sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from your access to such sites.
Links to other sites are provided only as a convenience and at your own risk.
Force Majeure
MCH shall have no liability to you for any interruption or delay in access to the site irrespective of the cause.
You are leaving vivarin
You are now leaving this Mylan affiliate site. Mylan is not responsible for the content of the site you are about to visit.
Continue
Go back
One Vivarin® tablet contains about as much caffeine as a cup of coffee. Limit your use of caffeine in medications, foods and drinks while taking Vivarin® because too much caffeine may cause nervousness, irritability, sleeplessness, and, occasionally, rapid heartbeat. For occasional use only. Not a substitute for sleep. If drowsiness persists, consult a doctor. Not for children under 12.
©2015 Meda Consumer Healthcare, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy
Legal