http://www.capc.org/privacy-policy/
CAPC Privacy Notice
Thank you for reviewing the Center to Advance Palliative Care’s (CAPC) Privacy Notice. CAPC takes the protection of your data very seriously and has tried to use plain language in this Notice when possible. This Notice describes how and when CAPC collects and uses personally identifiable information of the users of its services. This Notice covers an array of CAPC users, from those who simply browse the CAPC website, to those whose organization is a member and who set up an account, for CAPC Seminar registrants, or for those who purchase items at the CAPC online store. The type of information CAPC collects depends on what type of user you are. CAPC uses several third-party services to process or store this data, depending on the user type. More information on the specific services is below. These third-party services are outside of CAPC control. CAPC is not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. This Privacy Notice does not govern these third party’s content or services, and we encourage you to review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party services you use.Website VisitorsIf you are browsing the CAPC.org website, like most websites, CAPC uses cookies to understand how visitors use its site and improve website performance. CAPC does not collect or store personal information using cookies. CAPC itself uses 3 different cookies:Session cookie: this cookie is only set for logged in users and is simply used to identify them as a logged in user. Without this cookie, CAPC members would not be able to log into the member-only site and access member-only resources.CSRF token cookie: this cookie is used for security purposes so that when someone submits a form (registration, etc.) the site knows it's a legitimate form submission and not a hacker attempt.Language cookie: this cookie simply sets the current language that the site should be displayed in.CAPC also runs Google Analytics to understand how its website is being used in the aggregate in order to understand its visitors and improve its services. Any cookie named "_ga" or "_gid" is a Google Analytics cookie. For more information on how Google Analytics uses the information it collects, visit: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7318509?hl=en&ref_topic=1008008You may be able to restrict, block, or remove cookies through your web browser settings. However, the functionality of the website may be affected. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers also tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to delete old cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also visit https://aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies across a number of different internet browsers.CAPC MembersCAPC members are those users who are authorized under their organization’s membership with CAPC to access CAPC services, and who are registered and have agreed to the terms of the CAPC User Registration Agreement.During the online registration process, CAPC collects certain personally identifiable information about each user in order to: (1) create a unique profile that, among other things, reflects that user’s preferences for continuing education credits; (2) ensure the user is authorized to use such services; (3) provide accurate and relevant information if the user requests help from CAPC, or for us to contact the user regarding their account; and (4) understand how users use the system and improve on its services to members. This personally identifiable information is input by the user directly (such as name, contact information, title, etc.) CAPC does not share this information with any third-parties, except, in certain circumstances, with the user’s membership institution. CAPC stores this information in a protected database using a third-party vendor, Salesforce. To understand more about how Salesforce protects or may use this data, visit: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/In addition to the information filled in during the registration process, CAPC also uses a session cookie, which simply allows users who log in to be identified as a logged-in user. Without this cookie, no one would be able to login and access member-only resources.CAPC members who utilize the Webinar or Virtual Office Hours will be asked to use the WebEx service and enter their name and email address. This information is stored in CAPC’s Salesforce database to record attendance for these services. To understand more about how WebEx protects or may use this data, visit: https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/legal/privacy-full.htmlCAPC Seminar RegistrantsCAPC Seminar Registrants are those who register for one of CAPC’s live seminars, including its annual National Seminar. CAPC collects detailed professional information about the registrants to obtain an in-depth understanding of who attends its seminars and how to provide the best possible seminar experience for its attendees. CAPC uses the third–party vendor Cvent for the registration process. To understand more about how Cvent protects or may use this data visit: https://www.cvent.com/en/cvent-global-privacy-policy. CAPC also stores this information in a protected database using a third-party vendor, Salesforce. To understand more about how Salesforce protects or may use this data, visit: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/CAPC Shop CustomersCAPC Shop customers are those who purchase products from CAPC via the CAPC website at https://www.capc.org/shop/. CAPC asks for shipping and payment information to complete the orders. Payment services are performed by the third-party service Authorize.net. CAPC does not receive sensitive information, such as credit or debit card numbers. To understand more about how Authorize protects or may use this data, visit: https://www.authorize.net/about-us/privacy/Rights of European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Citizens and ResidentsThe General Data Protection Regulation grants certain rights in personal data to EU citizens and residents, and similar laws apply in the United Kingdom and Switzerland. If you are a citizen or resident of one of these territories and would like more information about your data rights, please contact us at carol.sieger@mssm.edu.ModificationsWe may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Notice, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date below. You agree to visit these pages periodically to be aware of and review any such revisions. If we make material changes to our Privacy Notice, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website and services after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.This Privacy Notice was updated March 5, 2019.If you need assistance, please use the customer support form.
Get the latest updates in your inbox!
SUBSCRIBE
We use cookies to make interactions with our websites and services easy and meaningful, and to better
understand how they are used. You can read more and make your cookie choices
here. By continuing to use this site you are giving us
your consent to do this.
Accept
Close
Login
Cancel
Login