https://www.merck.com/company-overview/policies-and-positions/
Skip to content
About us > Policies & positions
Policies & positions
We always aspire to be open and transparent to earn the trust and confidence of our stakeholders.
VIDEO COMING SOON
We work to achieve our business objectives responsibly for all
We support policies that promote the interests of patients, improve public health and promote access to medicines and innovations.
Public policy areasWe develop policy positions, adopt industry-leading standards, communicate openly and seek those who share our mission.
Access & affordabilityAccess & affordabilityWe work to save and improve lives around the world by inventing breakthrough medicines and vaccines – and ensuring they are available and affordable to patients who need them.InnovationInnovationInnovation is the heart of our company. That's why we support policies that promote research & development investments and put patient needs first.Public healthPublic healthWe take a firm stand on many public health issues confronting people and society today, including climate change, antimicrobial resistance and using water more efficiently, to name just a few.Transparency & responsible behaviorTransparency & responsible behaviorWe proactively address many legal and regulatory issues in our industry, such as clinical trial ethics, human rights and direct-to-consumer advertising.https://www.merck.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2020/07/Impact-of-Global-Work-Person-Working-8289-1-HI_80_high.jpg
The stories behind the policies
There is real world impact behind our work. Dig deeper.
View our stories
The impending “slow tsunami” of antimicrobial resistance
As antibiotic-resistant infections continue to rise, the AMR Action Fund looks to overcome key barriers of late-stage antibiotic development
Read more
Next:
The impending “slow tsunami” of antimicrobial resistance
Working together to create a sustainable market for antibiotics
It’s time to take action to slow the advance of AMR – but we cannot do it alone. By Jenelle Krishnamoorthy, associate vice president, Global Policy, Communications & Population Health
Read more
Next:
Working together to create a sustainable market for antibiotics
How you can help slow the threat of antimicrobial resistance
Before antibiotics were discovered in the 20th century, contracting an infection could be a death sentence. Their discovery was a turning point in human history, revolutionizing medicine and saving countless lives. However, the growing burden of antimicrobial resistance (AMR) threatens the return to a world without antibiotics. We all have a responsibility to address this […]
Read more
Next:
How you can help slow the threat of antimicrobial resistance
Addressing antibiotic resistance is more critical than ever. Here’s why.
Since their development, antibiotics have transformed health care and saved countless lives globally. But rising levels of antimicrobial resistance (AMR) make current antibiotics less effective. There’s no single or simple solution to the complex problem of AMR, but we’re committed to investing our expertise and resources alongside our partners to get much-needed antibiotics to those […]
Read more
Next:
Addressing antibiotic resistance is more critical than ever. Here’s why.
Previous
Next
Public policy documents
Access & affordability
Access to investigational medicines
Access to our vaccines
Charitable product donations
Intellectual property and access to medicines in the developing world
Medicines patent pool
Regulatory data protection
Innovation
Establishing effective systems for early resolution of IP disputes in pharmaceuticals
Health technology assessment and comparative effectiveness research
Patent term extensions
Public health issues
Biosimilars and originator biologics
Climate change
Counterfeiting of medical products
Delivering on our commitments: Merck's actions to address antimicrobial resistance
Global antimicrobial resistance action plan
Pharmaceuticals in the environment
Responsible disposal of medicines
Supply chain security-global product serialization
Water stewardship
Transparency & responsible behavior
California supply chains act
Clinical trial ethics
Conflict minerals
Conflict minerals report
Direct-to-consumer advertising
Global tax strategy
Human rights
Independent Expenditures
Sharps management plan - CalRecycle
Trade Association Dues
Use of medicine in capital punishment
Transparency disclosures
Related links
Privacy
Our privacy program begins with trust
Code of conduct & compliance
Our code of conduct details our business standards and practices
Responsibility
Supporting society, people and communities around the world is fundamental to our long-term success
Forward-looking statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA
This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of the recent global outbreak of novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19); the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions.
The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov).
No Duty to Update
The information contained in this website was current as of the date presented. The company assumes no duty to update the information to reflect subsequent developments. Consequently, the company will not update the information contained in the website and investors should not rely upon the information as current or accurate after the presentation date.
Decline
Accept
You are leaving Merck.com
Cancel
Continue
Welcome to Merck.com
By continuing, you will be directed to a site intended only for residents of the United States and Canada. We are called MSD everywhere, except in the United States and Canada where we are known as Merck & Co Inc, Kenilworth, NJ USA
Continue