http://www.capspharmacy.com/en/Privacypolicyandtermsofuse.html
You are leaving CAPSpharmacy.com. This link is provided strictly for information sharing purposes. B. Braun Medical Inc. assumes no responsibility for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any linked site.
Cancel
OK
We use cookies to enable all functionalities for best performance during your visit and to improve our services by giving us some insight into how the website is being used. Continued use of our website without having changed your browser settings confirms your acceptance of these cookies. For details please see our
privacy policy.
OK
You have successfully logged out.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated:   1/1/2020
This Privacy Policy sets forth the types of information B. Braun Medical Inc. (“B.Braun” or “us”) collects from prospective or current business contacts on bbraunusa.com (the “Site”) or that such individuals provide to us through other means, how we may use that information, to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it, and how we protect it. By using this Site or voluntarily providing personal information to us, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the policy, please do not use the Site.
Collection and Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes
B.Braun collects, uses, and discloses personal information of its business contacts for business purposes only and consistent with applicable laws. Where B.Braun discloses personal information to third parties, it does so for the same business purposes described below and, where appropriate, requires that such parties maintain its confidentiality and maintain appropriate systems and processes to ensure its security and protection.
We may collect and use the following categories of personal information about you to manage our business relationship with you:
Category of Personal Information
Purpose for Collection
Contact information: such as your name, work address, personal and work telephone numbers, personal and work email addresses.
To open and maintain records of our interactions with you and your company, to provide you with the products and services you requested on behalf of your company, and to communicate with you for business purposes.
Job-related information: such as employer, title and job role.
To maintain our business relationship with you or the company for whom you work.
Purchase and order information:  contact information, together with purchase details, delivery details, payment details, any communications we have received about your order or purchase
To validate, confirm, verify, deliver, install, and track your order, including to arrange for shipping, handle returns and refunds, maintain a record of the purchases you make, to service products you purchased from us, and to provide you offers that may be of interest to you.
Other delivery information:  name and address of recipient for delivery, if different from yours
To deliver to the person at the address which you have requested.
Payment information:  name, card issuer and card type, credit or debit card number, expiration date, CVV code, billing address, bank account number and other bank account details
To accept payment from you, to check that the right person is using the right card or account, to meet the requirements of the card brands or account issuers, and to make sure we are paid for what you buy.
Legal information:  fraud checks or flags raised about your transactions, the payment card you want to use, payment card refusals, suspected crimes, complaints and claims
To protect you, other customers and our business against criminal activities and risks, make sure we understand and can meet our legal obligations to you and others and can defend ourselves.
Preference information:  your marketing preferences, your account settings including any default preferences, any preferences you have indicated, the types of services/offers that interest you, or the areas of our website that you visit
To enhance your online experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Site, to provide you with customized Site content, targeted offers, promotions and advertising on the Site, through other third party sites, via email, or text messages that are offered by us or other marketing partners that might be of interest to you.
Communications:  communications we have with you. Please note that we may record calls to our customer service team.
To handle your requests, to contact you when necessary or requested, including to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
Device information:  IP address, internet provider, operating system and browser used, type of device, such as laptop or smart phone, device cookie settings and other device details, such as MAC address and geolocation, if you permit it to obtain your precise geolocation
To make sure our Site works properly with your device and make sure you can see and use our intended website on the device you are using, and for analytical and demographic purposes and to provide offers that may be of interest to you.
We also will use this information to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
Information automatically collected from your browser:  when you use the Site, some data is automatically transferred from your browser to our server, including your browser type, operating system type or mobile device model, viewed webpages, links that are clicked, IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, sites or apps visited before coming to our Site, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Site, the number of times you return, or other click-stream or site usage data, emails we send that you open, forward, or click through to our Site
We will use this information in an aggregated non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes.
We also will use this information to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
In addition to the sharing of your personal information as described above, we also may disclose personal information we collect as follows:
In Connection with Business Transfers
In the event that a division or part or all of B.Braun is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process of a potential transaction, customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets.
To Comply with Laws
B.Braun may also disclose specific information when such disclosure appears necessary to comply with the law, a subpoena or other litigation process or to protect the interests or safety of its visitors and customers, B.Braun employees or others.
Adobe Analytics
Adobe Analytics, a web analysis service of Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited ("Adobe"), is used on this website. Adobe Analytics uses cookies. If the information regarding use of the website that is generated by the cookie is transmitted to an Adobe server, then the settings ensure that the IP address is anonymized before geolocalization and replaced by a generic IP address before saving. Adobe utilizes this information on behalf of the operator of this website in order to evaluate usage of this website by the user, to compile reports on website activity for the website operator and to perform additional services connected with use of the website and the Internet in respect of the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser in connection with Adobe Analytics is not combined with other data from Adobe. You can prevent the saving of cookies by a corresponding setting in your browser software. Note that in this case, you may not be able to fully utilize all functions of this website. Please see here for more information about your privacy choices related to Adobe’s solutions.
Collection, Processing and Transmission of Personal Data
Personal data is only collected when you submit the data yourself, as, for example, in an inquiry form on the website. Your personal data will not be transmitted to any third party unless you explicitly indicate that this is your wish.
Consent and Use
The submission of personal or business data (including e-mail addresses, names and addresses) is done on an explicitly voluntary basis. In submitting such data you indicate your consent that such data may be collected, stored, processed or used by and/or disclosed to B.Braun and its affiliates, agents and third party service providers for the purpose of making contact with you, responding to your requests for information, or for other purposes indicated by you, as well as for the protection of our own legitimate business interests. B.Braun may also disclose personal or business data as may be required by law or a court order, subpoena or other similar legal instrument. Your consent to our use of your personal data may be withdrawn by you at any time by contacting B.Braun at unsubscribe.us@bbraunusa.com.
Employment Opportunities
iCIMS, Inc. (“iCIMS”) manages B.Braun’s Employment Opportunities posted on this Site. Data provided by users in response to B.Braun’s Employment Opportunities is transmitted directly to iCIMS. B.Braun encourages you to refer to iCIMS’s privacy policy (available at https://www.icims.com/gc/data-security-privacy-statement/) to learn more about its commitment to privacy.
Other Third Party Sites
From time to time, B.Braun may provide links to other third party websites that it does not control. B.Braun urges you to review the privacy policies posted on these third party websites at the time you first visit such sites. B.Braun undertakes no obligation to review or ensure enforcement or compliance with the privacy policy of any website to which it links.
Children’s Privacy
Under Age 13
We understand the need to protect children's privacy online (we define “children” as minors younger than 13). We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children without verifiable parental consent. We do not knowingly allow children to register with us, communicate with us, or to use any of our online services. If it comes to our attention that we have unknowingly collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will take all reasonable measures to delete it as soon as possible and will not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please call us at 1-610-997-4550 or email us at privacynotice@bbraunusa.com.
Under Age 18
Minors under 18 years of age may have the personal information that they provide to us deleted by sending an email to privacynotice@bbraunusa.com requesting deletion. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, B.Braun and the Site do not recognize DNT.
Governing Law and Data Storage
This Privacy Policy and your use of this Site, pursuant to the Terms of Use set forth below, are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the United States of America. You should be aware that when you submit your personally identifiable information to B.Braun through this Site, your information will be deemed sent to B.Braun from the United States of America, that your information may go to a country that has different privacy laws than your home country and that your information will be handled in accordance with the laws of the United States of America. By providing any personal information to B.Braun through this Site, all users, including without limitation users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the submission, collection and processing of such information in the United States of America. Some of B.Braun’s web pages are targeted towards countries other than the United States and are intended for visitors from those countries. If you are a resident of a country other than the United States and you give B.Braun personal information through a B.Braun web page targeted towards your country of residence, that information will be stored and used in accordance with the laws of the country in which the web page is maintained.
Transfer of Information
In the event B. Braun, one of its divisions or affiliates is ever sold to or acquired by another company, B. Braun reserves the right to transfer ownership of the customer information to the acquiring company.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If B. Braun decides to make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, B. Braun will notify users by posting any such material changes on this page in this section. B. Braun reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Your use of this Site after changes to this Privacy Policy have been made constitutes acceptance of those changes going forward.
Contact Us
For questions about this privacy policy, or to request this privacy policy in another format, please contact us at privacynotice@bbraunusa.com.
TERMS OF USE
B. Braun Medical Inc. (“B. Braun”) maintains this site (the "Site") for your personal information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download materials displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials or otherwise on this Site. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video, without B. Braun’s advance written permission. Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms of use ("Terms of Use") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms of Use.
1. Unless otherwise indicated in these Terms of Use, everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms of Use or in the text on the Site without the written permission of B. Braun. B. Braun neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe upon the rights of third parties.
2. The Site is intended to provide general information about B.Braun, its products and services. Any information contained on the Site is not meant to replace the information contained on the product labeling or, if you are a patient, to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own health care provider. While B. Braun uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, the Site is not meant to provide specialist advice concerning the products or services of B. Braun. B. Braun makes no warranties or representations as to the Site’s accuracy. B. Braun disclaims all liability and responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
3. Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither B. Braun or any other party involved in creating, producing, or developing the Site will be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. B. Braun also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text or images or your viewing of any video or audio from the Site.
4. Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise through electronic forms included on this Site, including any non-personal data, questions, comments, suggestions, requests or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used without restriction by B. Braun or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, B. Braun is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
5. Images of products, people or places displayed on this Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, B. Braun. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms of Use or specific permission is provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. To request the use of B. Braun photos, drawings, designs, and images of B. Braun products provided on this Site in books, other printed materials and on-line and internet locations for educational purposes, please contact B.Braun at inquiry.us@bbraunusa.com for more information.
6. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, including those of B. Braun, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of B. Braun and others. In addition, B. Braun products depicted on this Site may be protected and covered in one or more foreign and/or U.S. patents (collectively the “Patents”). Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Patent-protected product or Trademark displayed on the Site without the advance written permission of B. Braun or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks or Patent-protected products displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms of Use, is strictly prohibited. Please be advised that B. Braun will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
7. Any links or pointers to internet sites maintained by third parties that are provided in this Site are for convenience purposes only. B. Braun has not reviewed all of the third party sites linked to this Site, and any information, products, services or claims on these third party sites are not operated or controlled in any respect by B. Braun. Such third party sites are provided "as is” and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, and the linking to off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
8. By using this Site, you agree not to disrupt or intercept our electronic information posted on this Site or on any of our servers. You also agree not to attempt to circumvent any security features of the Site, and to abide by all applicable local, state, federal and international laws, rules and regulations.
9. B. Braun may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Terms of Use to which you are bound.