https://www.hypnotherapists.org.uk/tickets-terms-and-conditions/
Tickets – Terms and Conditions
Home
Tickets – Terms and Conditions
In these terms and conditions “NCH” refers to The National Council for Hypnotherapy Ltd.
All offers are subject to availability, may only be available for certain events and for a limited time, (see website for details), and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Purchasing tickets:
Tickets you purchase are for personal use. Except as we may agree, you must not re-sell or transfer (or seek to re-sell or transfer) the tickets.
You must inform the NCH of any change of address, contact phone number or email address, both before and after receipt of the tickets. Our contact details are specified on our website. Our preferred method to contact you is email, so you should take care to provide a current, valid email address and be aware that your email filter settings may treat our emails as spam or direct them to your junk folder.
An order for tickets is not complete until accepted by us. We try to ensure all prices are accurate but errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of tickets you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and we may either cancel the order (in which case you will be refunded the ticket price), or give you the option of confirming your order at the correct price.
Your privacy is important to us:
Our Conference illustrates the importance of gaining different perspectives and understanding of areas which complement Hypnotherapy. The NCH has a legitimate interest in presenting this flagship event and making the content available to those members and non-members who wish to retain a recording. In creating a video recording of the conference we are able to promote the work and ethos of the NCH and it’s position within the profession.
The NCH is committed to maintaining the rights of privacy for attendees. Accordingly, those who object to the possibility of being included as part of the audience during filming can:
Email their objection admin@hypnotherapists.org.uk
Inform those at the Welcome Desk at the venue
Use the designated seats which will not be included in photographs and video recording.
Photographs from our Conferences are stored on a secure computer document file available for members of the NCH Executive to use in our Journal and promoting future events such as on social media and for the use of our guest speakers.
Video recording of the Conferences is for purpose of viewing the guest speakers and is stored on hard disk as well as on a computer document file and is available for purchase by members and non-members.
In the event of any queries regarding the above please contact admin@hypnotherapists.org.uk. If you wish to discuss your rights of privacy you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office. For details of the NCH privacy policy click here
Cancellation Rights and Refunds:
Early Bird tickets cannot be transferred, exchanged, or refunded once purchased.
For all other tickets, requests for exchange or refunds will be assessed on a case by case basis.
No guarantee is offered or implied.
Refunds:
If for any reason you are entitled to a refund, you must follow the refund instructions otherwise you may not receive a refund.
Any refund will usually be paid, using the same method you used to buy the tickets, within 30 days of the original date of the event.
No refunds will be offered under any circumstances if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions applicable to those tickets, the venue or the event.
Tickets – Terms and Conditions was last modified:
November 8th, 2019 by nch
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We take your privacy very seriously too - click 'read more' for our privacy policyOkRead more