http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/about/privacy
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
About
Home
About
Privacy
Privacy
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Website privacy statement
Consistent with Victorian Government policy and legislation, the Department of Health and Human Services endorses fair information handling practices and uses of information in compliance with its obligations under the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic) and the Health Records Act 2001 (Vic). Any information provided, including identification of individuals, will be used only for the purpose/s intended and where the intention includes confidentiality, information will be treated as such unless otherwise required by law.
This website privacy statement explains how your personal information (being information capable of identifying you as an individual) will be treated as you access and interact with this website. The practices outlined in this website privacy statement are subject to any rights the Department of Health and Human Services may have to handle personal information in accordance with law.
Collection of your personal information
The personal information we collect via this website may include:
the content of any electronic forms you submit via this website, requesting us to provide services or information, or take actions;
information submitted if you participate in an online survey; and
any messages or comments you submit to us via this website or to email addresses displayed on this website, which may include personal information such as name, email address and telephone number.
Email addresses provided via this site will only be used to respond to specific user queries and will not be added to any mailing lists, nor disclosed to any other party without users' knowledge and consent, unless required by law. Where personal information is collected directly from you on out web pages, a specific privacy notification can be viewed by clicking on the ‘privacy statement’ tag at the bottom of the online form.
Web statistics data collection
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to track and measure visitation numbers using clickstream data, cookies and web beacons.
Google Analytics uses a first-party cookie and JavaScript code to collect information about visitors to vic.gov.au. Google Analytics anonymously tracks how our visitors interact with this website, including where they came from, what they did on the site, and whether they completed any transactions on the site such as newsletter registration.
We do not and will not match any data collected by Google Analytics with any personal information.
For more information visit, https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
How to opt out or disable cookies
Cookies used by this website are enabled by default because of their integration into the website. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you can disable them using your web browser. You will need to customise each web browser you use to turn off cookie tracking.
Google have also provided the "Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On" utility for the following web browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Opera
If you want to prevent your browsing data from being collected by Google Analytics, please install the relevant addon for your browser.
If you opt out of using cookies, you will still have access to information at www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au.
Facebook Pixel
This website may from time to time use a Facebook Pixel. We use this tool only on specific marketing landing pages. This tool allows us to assess the effectiveness of public health campaigns advertised on Facebook.
The collected data is anonymous and Better Health Channel cannot see the personal data of any individual user.
However, the collected data is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook may be able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes (in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). Facebook has ultimate control of the  information gathered through Facebook Advertising. You can opt-out of Facebook’s use of cookies and Facebook Pixel through settings on your Facebook Account.
Sizmek Pixel
This website may from time to time use a Sizmek Pixel. We use this tool only on specific marketing landing pages. This tool allows us to assess the effectiveness of digital advertising for public health campaigns.
The collected data is anonymous and Better Health Channel cannot see the personal data of any individual user.
For more information visit: https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/
For Sizmek opt-out options visit: https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/optedout/#options
Use and disclosure of your personal information
Where we collect personal information from you via our website, we will indicate in this privacy disclaimer which third parties we might share your information with (if any). In addition to providing our services to you and carrying out your requests, we may use or disclose personal information that we collect about you for purposes including the following:
for the purpose that we have collected the information;
purposes related to our research, planning, product and service development, security and testing;
purposes connected with the operation, administration, development or enhancement of this website;
where we suspect that fraud or unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in; and
any other purposes required or authorised by law.
Optional services
This website includes optional services which assists us to improve the quality and richness of our service to visitors. This includes the option to:
share a page in social media (through AddThis, see their Privacy Policy)
provide feedback about content (through Feedbackify, see their Privacy Policy).
Security
We have implemented technology and security policies, rules and measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control. However, you should be aware that there are risks in transmitting information across the Internet. So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us online and individuals do so at their own risk. Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure. If you are concerned about conveying sensitive material to us over the Internet, you might prefer to contact us by telephone or mail. We will remove personal information from our system where it is no longer required (except where archiving is required and in order to fulfil our obligations under the Public Records Act 1973 (Vic)).
We take additional steps to protect the security of your personal information, such as strong 128-bit SSL encryption. Before using these facilities, you should ensure that you are using a web browser that supports 128-bit encryption. In many web browsers, you can confirm that your session is encrypted by the appearance of a locked padlock symbol located in the browser status bar at the foot of the browser.
Feedback, information request form and email
We may preserve the content of any feedback form, information request form, email or other electronic message that we receive. Any personal information contained in that message will only be used or disclosed in ways set out in this website privacy statement. We will not use that information to add you to a mailing list without your consent.
Links to external websites
This website privacy statement does not extend beyond this website. When following links to other sites from this website, we recommend that you read the privacy statement of that site to familiarise yourself with its privacy practices.
Clickstream data
This website's web server automatically records non-personal clickstream data. To the extent that any clickstream data could make you identifiable, we will not attempt to identify you from clickstream data unless required by law or to investigate suspected improper activity in relation to the website or to assist in law enforcement.
The following clickstream data are automatically recorded by this website's web server for statistical and system administration purposes only:
your IP address
your domain name (for example, yahoo.com, hotmail.com, and so on)
the date and the time of your visit to the site
the pages you accessed and files downloaded
the address of the last site you visited
your operating system
the type of browser you are using.
Cookies
Like many sites, this website may use cookies from time to time.
Cookies are small data files that a website is able to place on a user's hard drive to record aspects of that user's experience of the website. For example, we may use cookies to record that a user visited a particular section of the website, that their browsing software was a particular version or to ensure that online applications and transactions do not require you to re-input information when moving between web pages. In this way, cookies can improve the operation of the website, and make the experience more efficient, more enjoyable or more personalised. Importantly, in depositing information on a user's computer and referring to it later in the same session (sessional) or on a subsequent visit (persistent), cookies do not need to identify the user or record any personal information.
The default settings of browsers like Internet Explorer may allow some or all cookies, but users can easily take steps to erase cookies from their hard-drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, some parts of sites may not function fully for users that disallow cookies.
Access and correction
To request access to or correction of your personal information held by the Department of Health and Human Services, please contact us to find out about access and correction procedures.
It is policy in the Department of Health and Human Services that, where appropriate, you should be able to request access to your personal information directly, without the need to make a formal application under the Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Vic). However, there are situations where it will not be appropriate to provide direct access to information, and you will be required to make an FOI application (for example, where providing direct access would compromise the privacy of another person).
For information on making an FOI application see Freedom of Informationor contact:
Freedom of Information Officer
Department of Health and Human Services
Postal address: GPO BOX 4057, MELBOURNE, VIC 3001
Street address: 50 Lonsdale Street, MELBOURNE, VIC 3000
Tel: 03 9606 8449 or 1300 650 172
Further information
For further information on how the department manages privacy, see Privacy or contact:
Senior Privacy Advisor
Department of Health and Human Services
Postal Address: GPO BOX 4057, MELBOURNE, VIC 3001
Street Address: 50 Lonsdale Street, MELBOURNE, VIC 3000
Tel: 03 9606 8534
Email: privacy.complaints@dhhs.vic.gov.au
The Department of Health and Human Services gratefully acknowledges the Department of Justice and Regulation’s contribution in developing this statement.
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 16 Oct 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top