http://www.wellnesskliniek.com/en/privacy-statement
Privacy statement
Home
Privacy Statement
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK complies in every respect with applicable laws and regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK is responsible for processing your personal data. If, after reading our privacy statement, you have any related or general questions, or wish to contact us, please use the following contact details:
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEKGROTESTRAAT 423600 GENK
kwaliteit@wellnesskliniek.com
Why BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK needs your details
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK processes your personal data, other information and files for the following purposes and legal grounds:
To be able to contact you by telephone;
To communicate with you in writing (by e-mail and/or post);
To be able to send newsletters, satisfaction surveys and e-books;
To facilitate use of the agenda management system (‘AXENDA’);
To compile your medical file.
Moreover, BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK may use your personal data when implementing a contract agreed with you, usually involving aesthetic and/or medical services.
We only use the data collected for the purposes for which we obtain it.
All medical info you supply to us is processed in-house and not shared with third parties, under reservation of the medical team working at BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK.
Sharing data with third parties
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK only shares your personal data with third parties required to implement the contract agreed with you, or to comply with a legal obligation.
The data you supply to us in the context of fulfilling a contract may be shared with third parties. Depending on the contract, we may use a third party for: online payments (EU), management of the server environment (EU), domain names and SSL certificates (EU), the supply of IT infrastructure (EU), bookkeeping (EU) and the supply (and distribution) of newsletters and invitations (Mailchimp, GDPR Compliant, outside of the EU).
We may also share your personal data with third parties if you grant (written) consent for us to do so. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without it detracting from the legality of any processing before you withdraw consent.
Analysing website visits
The BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK website retains general visitor data, including your computer’s IP address and the time of the retrieval and data your browser sends. This data is used to analyse visitor and click behaviour on the website. BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK uses this information to improve the way the website works. The data is made anonymous as much as possible and may be shared with direct subcontractors of BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK. It is not supplied to other parties.
Google Analytics
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK uses Google Analytics to keep track of how users use the website and how effective BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK’s AdWords advertisements are on Google search result pages.
Therefore, the information obtained, including your computer’s address (IP address) is transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the United States (=outside the EU). Read Google’s privacy policy for more details, where you will also find the privacy policy related to Google Analytics.
Google uses this information to monitor how our website is used, to compile reports about the BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK website.
Cookies
The BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK uses cookies. A cookie is a small, simple file with data that is stored either in peripheral devices (such as a PC, smartphone or tablet) or in the session of your browser. Cookies are used to improve your online experience (e.g. easier login with “remember me”). Cookies pose no risks and do not transfer viruses. A cookie is unique and is read by the server that installed it on your system. If you return to our website the data you supplied previously can be retrieved. This data is not shared with any third parties.
How do we use cookies?
A number of our pages use cookies to remember:
your preferred language
your interest in specific downloads
if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site
third-party cookies, for website analysis, advertising targeting and advertising measuring
To improve the content of our website we use cookies to collect information about our visitors. This helps us tailor the site to augment the needs of the visitors and the ease of use.
Also, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.
The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Types of cookies
Technically essential cookies: Technically required cookies allow the user to make use of the different options they facilitate: identifying a session, accessing restricted areas, carrying out a purchase, requesting a subscription, saving cookie preferences, etc. [wkasklang]: Indicates whether a language choice has already been made and is saved for the duration of the session. The language is not stored here.[wkcookies]: Indicates which cookie settings are accepted and is stored for the duration of the session.[wkasknewsletter]: Indicates whether the 'subscribe to newsletter' window is closed and will be saved for 24 hours.[__RequestVerificationToken]: Form verification cookie, saved for the duration of the session.
Personalization cookies: Personalization cookies allow the user to access services with certain personalized characteristics such as language, browser type, configuration for the region from which the user accesses services etc. Your permission is requested for this. [wklang]: Stores the user's language for the duration of the session.[wkcurrency]: Stores the desired currency (if different from standard currency) for the duration of the session.
Analytical cookies: Analytical cookies allow website managers to follow and analyze the behaviour of users on a website so that they can make improvements informed by data analysis on the use of the website by users of its services. The cookies expiration date varies, some expire after the session ends, others after two years. Your permission will be requested for this. [_ga, _gat, _gid] Analytical Cookie. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. that we use on some of our websites to count visitors to our websites and analyze their usage of the site to help us determine the value of our content to our users. The cookies expiration date varies, some expire after the session ends, others after two years.
Advertising cookies: Advertising cookies are used to track visitors when they visit different websites. Their goal is to display ads that are tailored to and relevant to the individual user. In this way, these ads become more valuable to publishers and external advertisers. The cookies expiration date varies, some expire after the session ends, others after two years. Your permission will be requested for this. [_fbp]: Advertising Cookie used by Facebook. This cookie will help deliver our advertising to people who have already visited our website when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook Advertising. [_gcl_au]: Advertising Cookie used by Google AdSense for advertisement across websites using their services.[MgidSensorHref, MgidSensorNVis]: Advertising Cookie used by MGID for advertisement across websites using their services.
Consulting, modifying or deleting data
You have the right to consult, correct or have your data erased at any time. We may ask you to prove your identity before we are able to comply with these requests. You can send a request to consult, correct or have your data erased to kwaliteit@wellnesskliniek.com. BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK will process your request as quickly as possible.
You can also object to (oppose) your personal data (or part thereof) being processed by us or by one of our processors.
Security
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK takes the protection of your data extremely seriously and applies suitable measures to safeguard against its misuse, loss, unauthorised access, accidental publication and unauthorised changes.
Any person that has access to your personal data on behalf of BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK is bound by strict confidentiality.
We adopt a user name and password policy for all our systems.
We use pseudonymisation and ensure personal data is encrypted if necessary.
We make backups of personal data to be able to restore it in the event of physical or technical incidents.
We regularly test and evaluate our measures.
If you feel that your data is not properly secure or there are indications it is being misused, or if you would like more information about the security of the personal data collected by BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK, please contact BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK via kwaliteit@wellnesskliniek.com.
Complaints
If you have a complaint related to the processing of your personal data, we kindly request you contact us directly at the e-mail address provided above. You are entitled to submit a complaint at any time to Gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit / Autorité de protection des données (the Privacy Commission), the regulatory authority for privacy protection.
Changes & questions
BIRAND NV/WELLNESS KLINIEK reserves the right to change this privacy statement. Please take the time to consult the privacy statement. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to contact us.
Maybe you were looking for this?
Terms of Use
Sales Conditions
Disclaimer
Contact
Newsletter
Stay up to date with the latest news and promotions.
Please enter your e-mail address (correctly).
Submit
Follow Us
on social media
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Language selection
Continue in English
Ik verkies Nederlands
Je préfère le français
Ich bevorzuge Deutsch
Nederland
United Kingdom
España