http://www.heritagehomecare.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Thank you
for visiting the Heritage Homecare web site. Your privacy is very important
to us. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about
you when you visit the Heritage Homecare web site, unless you affirmatively
choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit the Heritage Homecare web site, the Web server automatically
recognizes only the Internet browser and operating system from which you
accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of
your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of
access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages
visited. This is done so that the content of the site or navigation of the
site can be improved.
If you choose to share personal information, such as sending a message, or
filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information
will be saved only until such time a response or request is fulfilled.
However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other
government agencies, unless required by state or federal law and/or in
accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996 (HIPAA). Contact information and/or email addresses will NOT be shared
with any other parties.
If you have any questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, please
feel free to e-mail us at
administrator@heritagehomecare.com, or contact us by telephone at 954-452-8100.
NOTICE
Due to the high amount of spam email, Heritage Homecare reserves the right
to block email from any domain/sender at its sole discretion. All email for
this domain is viewable by administration. Please use
form submission requests or telephone contact to assure that any request for
information is received by our office.
Copyright © 2020 Heritage Homecare of Broward, Inc.
Florida License No. HHA299991474 Broward County
Heritage Homecare is a registered service mark.
The
Heritage logo is a registered trade mark.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Report problems with this site to
Webmaster