http://www.aafp.org/advocacy/advocacy-topics/legal/hipaa.html
search
close
AAFP Advocacy Focus: Patient Privacy (HIPAA)
What is HIPAA?
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA, PL104-191) was enacted to protect the privacy and availability of health insurance coverage and medical information.
HIPAA has had a major impact on U.S. health care and on of the family medicine specialty. The AAFP cloesly monitors any proposed changes to the law so thatHIPAA’s impact remains consistent with its intent.
The law’s primary goals include:
protecting health insurance coverage for workers and their families in the event that the insured employee changes or loses a job;
safeguarding the security and confidentiality of patient health information; and
establishing standards for the electronic exchange of health care information.
Title II of the law, known as the "administrative simplification" provision, requires national standards for electronic health care transactions and national identifiers for providers, health insurance plans, and employers. The standards are meant to improve health care efficiency and effectiveness by encouraging the use of electronic data interchange in the nation’s health care system.
Why We Fight
Insurance portability is vital to primary care patients, and the Academy is committed to improving the efficient exchange of medical data.
Patient privacy and smart data exchange are crucial to addressing the opioid crisis. The AAFP thereforesupports policies that allow physicians to access a patient’s substance use and treatment history, ensuring appropriate, and safe treatment.
The Academy remains supportive of HIPAA’s patient privacy objectives, provided these regulations do not undermine quality of care and are balanced against the practical realities that family physicians face.
Recent AAFP Communications
AAFP Letter to SAMHSA on Confidentiality of Substance Use Disorder in Patient Records - October 21, 2019
Didn't find what you were looking for? Search the HIPAA document archive.
Health Care Delivery
Navigating Legal Issues
Health Information Technology
Promoting Prevention and Public Health
Grassroots Advocacy
Building the Family Physician Workforce
State Advocacy
Health Care Coverage
Protecting Physician Payment
Advancing Primary Care Research
National Health Care Workforce Commission
Accountable Care Organizations
Prescription Drug Issues
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Medicaid-Medicare Parity
Vaccines and Immunizations
Relative Value Scale Update Committee (RUC) Reform
Medicaid
Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies - Prescription Drug Abuse
Medicare Coverage
Administrative Simplification
Primary Care Spend
Title X
Scope of Practice
Comprehensive Primary Care Initiative (CPCI)
Medical Student Debt
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA)
Tobacco Use
Covid-19
Telehealth
Legal Transparency
Graduate Medical Education
Medicare Physician Payment
Electronic Prescribing
Alternative Payment Models
Patient-Centered Outcome Research Institute (PCORI)
Equality
Patient Centered Medical Home (PCMH)
Medicaid Paymet
Recovery Audit Contractors
Environmental Concerns in Public Health
Open Payments Physician Sunshine Act
Obesity Treatment
Prior Authorization
Inter-operability
Medical Liability
Electronic Medical Records (EMR)
Safety and Violence
Antitrust and Collective Negotiation
Physician Well-being
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP)
Women's Health
Title VII of the Public Health Service Act
Medicare Physician Fee Schedule
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ)
End-of-Life Care
National Prevention Strategy
Billing
Direct Primary Care
Health Insurance Marketplaces and CO-OPs
Also in This Section
Administrative Simplification
Antitrust/Collective Negotiation
Medical Liability
Transparency
Copyright © 2020 American Academy of Family Physicians.  All rights Reserved.