https://www.mygynae.co.uk/website-privacy-policy/
Close
Contact : 02076167693 | 07973500594
Email: drsyhussain@gmail.com
Website Privacy Policy
My GynaeWebsite Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  25th May 2018
Who are we?
For any privacy queries, you can contact us at enquiries@mygynae.co.uk. Other contact details are on our website.
What’s the point of this policy?
It tells you what to expect when we collect your personal information via this website. Please only use our service if you are completely happy with this policy.
Generally, the policy covers only information provided to us.
Might the policy change?
Please check whenever you visit our website. We will assume you agree to the new version of the policy if you use the site after its effective date.
What do we collect?
Information which you upload to our service or otherwise give us such as your name, contact details and date of birth as well as any personal information which you include in public activities on our service, e.g. reviews.
The information which you provide is likely to include “special category data” such as information about your health or sex life. Where necessary, we may collect such information about you from other medical professionals or organisations.
Automated information such as the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, connection information such as browser type and version, information about your device including device-type and device identifier, operating system and platform, mobile network data, a unique reference number linked to the data you enter on our system, login details, the site from which you arrived at our service, details of your activity with date / time stamps including pages you visited and your searches / transactions.
What’s our reason / legal basis for collecting the information?
Because it’s necessary to provide you with our services under our contract with you. Insofar as we use “special category data” (see above), we do so in accordance with the condition whereby we act as medical professionals. In the case of other data such as automated information collected when you browse our site, we use this to manage and improve our service in accordance with our “legitimate interests”.
What about cookies?
We and/or third parties use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website. A cookie is an identifier (a small file of letters and numbers) that is sent to your computer. Our website’s functionality will be limited if you configure your browser to reject cookies.
Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the website owner or others. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser only until your browser is closed. They allow websites to link your actions during a browser session. Persistent cookies stay in the cookie file of your browser for longer (how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). For further information on cookies, including how to use your browser to block them and how to delete cookies already stored on your device, visit: allaboutcookies.org.
The following kinds of cookies may be used on this website:
Category
What they do
My choices
Essential
These cookies are needed to run our website, to keep it secure if you are logged on and to obey regulations that apply to us. If you are a customer, they help us know who you are so that you can log on and manage your accounts. They also help us keep your details safe and private.
Other important jobs they do are:
» Help you move around the site
» Tell us if you’ve been to it before and which pages you went to
» Tell us how the site is working, so we can find and fix any problems.
You can’t turn off these cookies
Functional
These cookies are used for remembering things like:
» Remember your cookie permission setting
» Your region or country
» Your preferred language
» Accessibility options like large font or high contrast pages.
You can’t turn off these cookies
Analytics
These cookies tell us how you and our other customers user our website. We combine all this data together and study it. This helps us to:
» Improve the performance of our services
» Increase the data quality of the statistics functions
» Keep track on the time spent on each page » Keep track about your location and region based on your IP number
» Keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken
We’ll ask for your consent to use these cookies
Advertising
These cookies gather information you input into a contact forms, across all pages
» Use information for tailored advertising with third parties
» Allow you to connect to social sites
» Identify device you are using
» Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
We’ll ask for your consent to use these cookies
What do we do with personal information?
Provide our service, e.g. send service messages, process payments, fulfil orders.
Send you marketing messages, if you have given permission. You can withdraw permission at any time as explained on our service or by emailing us at the above email address.
Use it to recognise you when you visit or return to our service to track anonymised traffic and usage patterns, prevent or detect fraud or abuses and help us improve our service.
How long do we keep it?
We will generally keep your information for up to seven years – for tax reasons and/or to help deal with any disputes. That timeframe may vary if we are legally required to keep information for a particular period. We will keep your information which we use for marketing until you tell us to stop sending you marketing messages.
To whom do we send or make available your personal information?
To other people who supply us with a service, e.g. website hosts, content delivery networks and businesses which help us send communications or monitor our website.
To laboratories, including “special category data” (see above) in relation to sample analysis and testing.
To other users of our service, if you include personal information in a public action on our service, e.g., posting a review.
To the police or other relevant authorities or to complainants, if we think the personal information breaches our terms and conditions, or it is necessary to protect us or others, or that a criminal offence may have been committed, or where required by law or where requested by the police or other appropriate authorities.
To potential buyers so far as reasonably necessary, in the case of an actual or proposed (including negotiations for a) sale or merger or business combination involving all or the relevant part of our business.
What happens to your payment details?
These go direct to our payment partners. We do not receive such information except as stated above. To ensure your details are not being used without consent, our payment partners may send your personal information to relevant third parties including credit reference and fraud prevention agencies, who may keep a record of that information.
Do we send your information outside the European Union?
Your personal information which we collect is stored within the EU and is not transferred to any third countries except ) for the following.
Your personal information may be transferred to the US by the following companies certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, which provides certain safeguards for your personal information: Google (analytics), Mailchimp (email delivery).
What rights do you have?
If the legal requirements are met: To ask us for access to your personal information, to rectify it if there are mistakes, to delete or restrict or object to its use in certain circumstances or to “data portability”.
If you have a complaint about how we are dealing with your personal information, please contact us via the email address above. If you are not happy with our response or think we are not handling your personal information in accordance with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
For more information about your rights, visit the ICO’s website: ico.org.uk.
Your choice regarding cookies on this site.
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Accept
Read more
Change Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Privacy settings
Decide which cookies you want to allow.
You can change these settings at any time. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available. For information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser’s help function.
Learn more about the cookies we use.
With the slider, you can enable or disable different types of cookies:
Block all
Essential
Functionality
Analytics
Advertising
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms and other forms across all pagesEssential: Remember language version you selected
This website won't:
Functionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track on the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, and other forms across all pagesEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember selected region and country
This website won't:
Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track on the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, and other forms across all pagesEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track on the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions
This website won't:
Advertising: Use information for tailored advertising with third partiesAdvertising: Identify device you are usingAdvertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms and other forms across all pagesEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track on the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Use information for tailored advertising with third partiesAdvertising: Identify device you are usingAdvertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website won't:
Remember your login details
Save & Close