http://www.crossingthecreek.com/index.php/terms-and-conditions/
Menu
Home
About the Author
Download Book
Helpful Information
Reader Reviews
Reflections
Contact Us
Crossing the Creek
Terms of Service
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of this Website. The Website Administrator is located at:
1 Bietou, Village on Sea, ,
Mosselbay, Western Cape 6511
South Africa
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use this website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Reader”, “Visitor” “,You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the terms and conditions.
“Ourselves”, “We”, “Our”, “Us”, and “Website Administrator” refers to the owner of the website. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the reader/you/visitor and ourselves, or either the reader/you/visitor or ourselves.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using this website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the Website Administrator’s privacy policy. Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Copyright and License
Unless otherwise stated, the Website Administrator and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material related to, and including the book Crossing the Creek, and the translations thereof.
All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from http://crossingthe creek.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions. You must not:
Republish any material from http://crossingthecreek.com
Republish, online, or other, the book ‘Crossing the Creek’ by Michael Holmes, or any of the translations thereof.
Sell, rent or sub-license material from http://crossingthecreek.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from http://crossingthecreek.com
Redistribute content from http://crossingthecreek.com
Add any misleading content to the advantage of any other party than http://crossingthecreek.com, or create any impression in conflict with the services from http://crossingthecreek.com
Print out copies of the booklet Crossing the Creek other than for personal use
Comments
Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (1 September 2015).
The Website Administrator reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant to the Website Administrator a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
educational institutions and healthcare associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect unfavorably on us (b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; and (c) where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization. These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and it products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site. If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must notify us by sending an e-mail to editor@crossingthecreek.com. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site, and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response. Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of artwork will be allowed for linking without the express permission of editor/www.crossinghtecreek.com
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty. To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Home
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress. AwesomeOne theme by Flythemes