https://www.shn.ca/privacy/
Patient Privacy
Scarborough Health Network (SHN) is committed to individual privacy and to protecting your personal health information. We abide by internationally recognized information practices and legislation to ensure that your information remains confidential and secure.
Your Rights
As a patient, you have the right to:
See and ask for a copy of your health information;
Ask us to make corrections to inaccurate or incomplete health information;
Ask us for a list of how we use or share health information;
Be told if your information is lost, stolen or shared with someone without authorization; and
Change your mind if you have previously given us permission to use or share your health information.
Please see SHN privacy policy: Privacy of Personal Health Information
Collecting and Sharing Information
We collect information that is essential for delivering quality health care to our patients. Some examples include, but are not limited to, name, telephone number, address, health card number, diagnosis, treatment, and medical and personal history.
We may collect, use and share your health information for the following reasons:
Treat and care for you, both in and outside of the hospital
Communicate or consult about your health care with your doctor(s) and other health care provider
Get payment for your health care and hospital services including from OHIP and private insurance
Plan, administer and manage our internal operations
Compile statistics
Conduct risk management and/or quality improvement activities
Conduct research as approved by the Research Ethics Board
Conduct patient surveys
Notify a religious or other organization to visit you during your stay
Notify you of an appointment or change in appointment
Confirm you are a patient, your general health status, your room and telephone extension while in hospital
Locate you or your family in urgent situations using an overhead paging system
Fundraise to improve our health care facilities, services and programs
Report as required or permitted by law
Share with prescribed persons/entities who compile or maintain a registry of personal health information for purposes of facilitating or improving health care
Maintain complete and accurate records of health care services
Your health information is stored in accordance with SHN retention policies and as required by law. Otherwise it is destroyed, erased, or made anonymous.
Ontario Laboratories Information System
We are now connected to the Ontario Laboratories Information System (OLIS), an electronic system that can store and share laboratory requisitions and test results digitally.
Frequently Asked Questions
Do all SHN staff have access to patient personal health information?
No. Your personal health information is only accessed by the care team members involved in your care and the support staff who are required to access your personal health information for provision of your care. Hospital staff is bound by a strict confidentiality agreement that they must sign as part of their conditions of employment.
Do patients have the right to access their own information or health care record?
Yes. All patients have the right to access their own information or health care record. Please ask one of your health care providers how you can do this. If you have already left the hospital, please contact the Health Records Department to find out how you can access your personal health information.
There are a few exceptions to accessing your personal health information and there may be an associated cost. Staff in the Health Records Department can provide more details.
Please call:
Birchmount: 416-495-2438 ext. 2532
Centenary: 416-284-8131 ext. 5304
General: 416-438-2911 ext. 6312
Can patients change the information on their health record?
You have the right to notify the Health Records Department if you believe information in your record is not accurate. No information can be removed, however new information can be added.
Please complete the Change of Information form, and mail or fax to the appropriate campus:
c/o Health Records Department
SHN – Birchmount hospital
3030 Birchmount Rd.
Scarborough, ON M1W 3W3
Fax: 416-495-2562
c/o Health Records Department
SHN – Centenary hospital
2867 Ellesmere Road
Scarborough, ON, M1E 4B9
Fax: 416-284-3155
c/o Health Records Department
SHN – General hospital
3050 Lawrence Ave. E.
Scarborough, ON M1P 2V5
Fax: 416-438-9447
Our Health Records department requires 30 days to process your request.
Can patients view other people’s health records?
No. You are only allowed to view your own health information. A legally designated substitute-decision maker for an incapable patient is allowed to view that patient’s health information.
Does SHN share personal health information with SHN Foundation?
No. Your name and address only are provided to the Foundation to help with raising funds for patient care. Your monthly pledge, estate gift, donation and/or participation in fundraising helps to purchase much needed medical and surgical equipment, patient care items and improvements to patient units. You have the right to remove yourself from the list.
Does SHN sell or share patient health information to outside organizations?
No. SHN does not sell or share any of its patients’ personal health information to outside organizations.
Contact Us
SHN Privacy Office
Email: privacy@SHN.ca
Phone: 416-284-8131 ext. 7782
By mail:
Attn: Privacy Contact Person
Scarborough Health Network
2867 Ellesmere Road
Scarborough, ON  M1E 4B9
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario
Phone: 416-326-3333 or toll-free at 1-800-387-0073
Website: www.ipc.on.ca