http://www.isrs.org/privacy-policy
Meetings
Meetings OverviewMeetings CalendarInternational MeetingsISRS at AAORefractive Surgery Subspecialty Day, ISRS Annual MeetingISRS Member Lunch
Multimedia LibraryResources
Journal of Refractive SurgeryMultimedia LibraryASSORT Website CalculatorsISRS WebinarsISRS Externship
Community
Listserv
Membership
Membership OverviewPay Member DuesMember BenefitsRefer ISRS to a ColleagueApply for MembershipMember Logo
For PatientsAbout ISRS
ISRS OverviewHistoryLeadershipAwardsCorporate SupportContact Us
Find a Refractive Surgeon
Privacy Policy
The American Academy of Ophthalmology (“Academy”) Ophthalmology ("AAO") and its associated organizations American Academy of Ophthalmic Executives (“AAOE”) and International Society for Refractive Surgery (“ISRS”) have created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.aao.org, www.aao.org/isrs and www.aao.org/aaoe and all other Academy-affiliated websites (collectively referred to here as “Website”)
General Principles
We only use information collected on the Website for Academy purposes.
We deploy technology to protect the information you send us.
Cookies are used to keep track of information to allow a better user experience and this information is kept confidential within the Academy.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website.
The Academy Store and Annual Meeting Registration
The Website incorporates forms for members and other customers to request information, products, and services and the register on-line for various programs, including the Annual Meeting. We collect visitors’ contact information (such as email addresses), financial information (such as accounts or credit card numbers), and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected to verify the user's identity. Contact information from order forms or surveys is used to send orders and information about the Academy to our members and other customers and to analyze Web Site use. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and services.
Our Website uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We also use cookies to save and verify your password information if you choose to remain logged in over multiple visits.
Third Party Websites
The Website contains links to other sites. In the event you choose to access such third party web sites, the Academy and the Website are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. We recommend that you check the applicable privacy policy of third parties before providing personally identifiable information to it, as its privacy policy may differ from our Website’s policies.
Academy E-mail Privacy Policy
The Academy endeavors to protect your e-mail address from inappropriate use. If the Academy determines the use of your e-mail address is of benefit to its members and/or their patients, the Academy may, with the approval of its CEO/Executive Vice President, provide your e-mail address to a third party. Users may opt-out of receiving future Academy emails by emailing that request to opt-out@aao.org.
Policies Governing the Use of Academy Email Addresses
The Academy’s CEO/Executive Vice President may grant permission to use Academy email addresses to organizations, firms or individuals who agree to comply with the following conditions:
The Academy determines if the use of email addresses is of benefit to its members and/or their patients
The content of every email correspondence is subject to advance approval by the Academy. A sample of each intended email correspondence must be reviewed and approved by the Academy.
Each set of Academy email addresses will be used only once and only for the purpose approved by the Academy.
An entity other than the Academy cannot use Academy e-mail addresses to create or update its own database. The email address list is the property of the Academy and may not be duplicated or retransmitted or resold to a third party.
Use of Academy email addresses does not imply Academy endorsement, and no implication of endorsement will be made in any correspondence.
Academy email addresses will not be made available for any communication on drugs, medical equipment or devices involving the offer of a rebate, discount, or other remuneration, which in the sole discretion of the Academy might be illegal or unethical.
Academy email addresses will not be made available for any communication that, in the judgment of the Academy, would tend to mislead, misinform, or deceive.
Security
The Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Cookie Use
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the Academy, ISRS or AAOE sites, or your dealings with the sites, you can contact:
American Academy of OphthalmologyIT Department655 Beach StreetSan Francisco, CA 94109webmaster@aao.org
Log In
Forgot password | Forgot email
Membership
Join ISRS
Renew your Membership
Refer ISRS to a Colleague
Facebook
Twitter
© ISRS 2015
Terms of Service
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Find a Refractive Surgeon
Contact Us
Help