https://www.amcny.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 2, 2020
Welcome to our web site (“Site”) operated by
the Animal Medical Center, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us” and “AMC”).
AMC is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement
(“Statement”), which is part of our Terms of Use, governs our collection, use, sharing,
and storage of your information.
By using our Site, you agree to this Statement.
We may modify this Statement at any time by posting a revised version on our
Site or, if we determine appropriate, by sending you email or other notice. Please
review this Statement from time to time because your continued use of our Site
after a modified Statement has been posted indicates your consent to the
updated Statement.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personally identifiable information
about you when you voluntarily provide it to us (“Personal Information”). For
example, we collect Personal Information when you sign up for our mailing list
or contact us through our Contact Us, account registration, donation, and event
registration pages. The Personal Information we collect may include your name,
email and physical addresses, zip code, telephone number, fax number, and
gender. We also may collect information about your pet and your pet’s health as
well as information about your referring veterinarian.
We use your Personal Information for the
purposes for which you provide it, including responding to your inquiries,
communicating about your account and transactions (donations, event
registrations, etc.), communicating about changes in our policies, sending
newsletters and other information, or soliciting donations or your participation
in surveys.
We also keep track of AMC services you have
received so that we can improve our offerings to you. For example, when you tell
us about your pet’s health and how to contact you, we use that information to
provide veterinary care to your pet and to communicate with you and your
referring veterinarian about the care.
We may also use your Personal Information to inform
you about AMC and our services or other material we think may be of interest. If
you no longer wish to receive communications from us, you may follow the
unsubscribe and opt out instructions in the materials you receive or you may email
us at info@amcny.org or call us at (212) 329-8660, 9am
to 5pm, Monday through Friday. Of course, there may be administrative
and similar communications we need to send about our services and transactions,
so you may not be able to opt out from those. We will make reasonable efforts
to enable you to review your Personal Information and, upon your instructions,
to correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information. If you wish to review or
correct your Personal Information, please email us at info@amcny.org.
Donor Privacy / Collecting Donations via Fundraise Up
AMC collects donations through a third-party service provider, Fundraise Up, a company that assists non-profit organizations (like AMC) with their fundraising activities. Your donation transaction is subject to Fundraise Up’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, which you should review to learn how Fundraise Up treats your information. Please also review our Terms of Use for further information about Fundraise Up.
Fundraise Up makes available to us some of the information you provide when you make a donation, such as your name, contact information, the amount of your gift, the particular AMC fund you designated to benefit from your donation, and any honorary or memorial dedications (e.g. gifts “in honor of” or “in memory of” a person or pet) and the last four digits of your credit card number. We treat this information just like any other Personal Information we collect via our Site.
We may combine your Personal Information
collected through our Site with information collected from publicly available
sources to perform research and analysis concerning donors and potential donors
and their interests.
We will not sell, share, or trade our donors’ names or personal information with another entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This Statement applies to all Personal Information of our donors, whether collected online or offline.
Anonymous Information and Cookies
Like many websites, our Site uses the Google
Analytics tool. Google Inc. (located at 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View,
CA 94043-1351, USA) operates Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses tracking
technologies, including “cookies” (small text files placed on your computer) to
collect anonymous, non-personal data, including IP address, browser type,
domain names, time and date of visit, referring web site, landing page, search
terms, web pages viewed, time spent on a web page, and links clicked. This
non-personal data is used for such purposes as identifying web pages visited
most often to improve our Site and providing you a better experience. You may
prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you when you visit our Site by
disabling cookies on your browser. Please review Google Analytics’ terms
of use and privacy policy to learn more about how Google Analytics may collect and
use information.
Do Not
Track
Our Site is not currently configured to respond
to “do not track” signals or similar mechanisms.
Sharing
Information with Third Parties
We may share your Personal Information with our
service providers that help us operate our Site (e.g., website hosting).
We reserve the right to disclose and use
Personal Information and anonymous information in special circumstances
including: to enforce this Statement or any other part of our Terms of Use; to protect our property or rights; to
protect the safety of any one; as part of a merger, consolidation, or other
re-organization, a sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, or any
similar transaction; or for other reasons we determine in good faith are
necessary, appropriate, or required by law.
Security
We strive to keep your Personal Information
secure and to safeguard it from unauthorized access. Of course, no security
measure can be guaranteed to be 100% effective, so you provide your Personal
Information at your own risk.
Persons under Age 18
We do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from persons under age 18. If you are a parent or guardian
and you believe that your child under age 18 may have provided Personal Information
through our Site, please email us at info@amcny.org.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party web
sites of interest to you. If you follow a link to a third-party site, you leave
our Site. You should review those sites’ terms of use and privacy statements. We
provide links solely for your convenience and offering a link does not imply
that we endorse any third-party site or its services, product, or activities.
Location of Servers and Transfer of Information
Our servers are
located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States,
be aware that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the
United States. By using our Site or providing your Personal Information to us,
you consent to this transfer and to the collection, storage, processing, and
use of your Personal Information in the United States.
Questions
Please email us at info@amcny.org with any questions about this Privacy Statement.
Back to top