http://www.fha.org/about-fha/website-privacy-policy.aspx
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Advocacy
Health Care Issues
Reports & Resources
Education & Events
Services for Hospitals
HomeAbout FHAWebsite Privacy Policy
About FHA
Board Of Trustees Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective February 13, 2013PurposeThe Florida Hospital Association (FHA) is committed to protecting information disclosed through this website. Your use of this website, or any inquiry or comment you send, may be disclosed to FHA affiliates and authorized entities solely to advance the mission and purpose of FHA.Use of InformationThe information you provide is used to respond to your comment or inquiry and to provide various services to you.NoticeThis website collects information about your browser type, browser version, operating system and IP address, which is technical information shared by your browser automatically. We also collect information on which documents you request and the pages you view at this site. We keep personal information on the identity of an individual visitor if you or your company has provided the information at any time whether provided electronically, in writing or verbally.SecurityAny transmission you make on the Internet is not secure.Therefore, you should always be concerned about any personally identifiable information that you submit on the Internet.Personal Identifying InformationWe collect personally identifiable information. We may ask for your name, street address, city, county, state, zip code, e-mail address andmay request your telephone number. In the case of mailing lists, we will ask for your e-mail address. If you make a purchase we will ask for your credit card number or bank account information. You are able to unsubscribe at anytime from a mailing list.Personally identifying information includes, but is not limited to, your:NameTitleCompany or OrganizationAddressE-mail AddressWeb AddressPassword ChoiceWe do not require that you register for general access to our website. We collect any personally identifiable information from any information you or your company submit or otherwise provide to us and the information automatically provided by your browser. If you choose to register as a member or advocate, to sign up for one of our mailing lists, your registration information will be permanently stored and used. Your registration information may be added to or combined with other personally identifiable information that we have already collected.AccessIf you sign up for one of our mailing lists and decide to unsubscribe, your information will not be deleted from our servers, but your e-mail address will be removed from the mailing list.Cookies Cookies are small text files placed on your computer that are used to identify you, often without your knowledge, while visiting certain sites on the Internet. For example, cookies are used by some sites to greet you personally, to post a list of your favorite books to purchase, to remember what you had in your shopping basket the last time you visited.When using this website, cookies will be placed on your computer.The cookies are used to facilitate the interaction between you and our web pages. These cookies are used to collect or store information on you and track you if you return to our website. The cookies are permanent and will not be deleted when you exit your browser.You can prevent cookies from being placed on your computer by accessing your browser's preferences menu and deleting existing cookies. There also are commercial programs available to help you manage cookies. Before taking such steps, you should be aware that some websites, including ours, will not work properly if you choose to block the placement of cookies on your computer. You will need to decide whether enabling cookies outweigh privacy concerns.ChangesAny changes in this privacy policy will be posted at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect. Any information collected under this current policy will become subject to the terms of the revised privacy policy when effective. All new information collected, if any, would also be subject to the revised privacy policy. An archive of previous policies is available on this site.ContactIf you have questions about this policy or feel that we have acted in violation of this policy, please contact us or write us.Florida Hospital Associationc/o Sarah McBrearty301 East College AvenueTallahassee, Florida 32301(850) 222-9800