http://www.serenitylane.org/privacy-policy/
1 (800) 543-9905   or   Submit a Confidential InquiryWe admit 7 days a weekSame day admissions possible - Most insurance accepted
Privacy policy
Serenity Lane Treatment Center
Home
Privacy policy
Website Confidentiality and Security
Assuring the security and confidentiality of Serenity Lane’s website visitors is important to us. Here is how we pledge to protect your privacy and ensure the highest level of security possible:
Serenity Lane does NOT:
provide or release names, e-mail addresses, or postal addresses to any third party.
track or report on any individual’s activity on the site.
Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from your websites and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You may opt-out of this collection and use of information for ad targeting at any time by visiting https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Any information you furnish us via email, (either in the form of an inquiry, or personal information about your concerns with addiction) is held in the strictest confidence. Serenity Lane will not use any information you provide for any third-party purpose. We do not offer clinical advice in response to any questions you may ask via email. We will refer you to your own physician or an addiction specialist on Serenity Lane’s staff for clarification. Email inquiries, once downloaded from our server, are responded to promptly, and are removed permanently after 60 days.
The information contained on this website is presented in summary form and is not intended to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge of chemical dependency topics. This information is not exhaustive and does not cover all aspects of the disease of addiction or the treatment thereof. Serenity Lane cannot be held responsible for the accuracy of the information. Further, the information on these pages may be changed or updated without notice. Serenity Lane has no obligation to maintain currency and the information here may be out of date at any given time. Serenity Lane reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy without notice.
Accordingly, the information you find here should not be used in place of a visit, phone call, or the advice of your own physician or addiction medicine specialist. Serenity Lane does not recommend the self-management of addiction problems. If you have addiction-related questions, please call us toll-free at 1-800-543-9905 or (541) 687-1110 or see your physician promptly. You should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you read on this website.
Children/Parents:
Serenity Lane encourages all parents to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their personally-identifiable information (name, address, telephone number, or email address) while using the Internet.
A Note About Cookies:
Serenity Lane does not require you to register on our website. Serenity Lane does not retain any “cookie” information.
Finally, talk to us. If you have any additional questions or concerns about security on the site, please let us know.
Contact Us:
Email: info@serenitylane.org
Toll-free: 1-800-543-9905
Local: (541) 687-1110
Get help today:   1 (800) 543-9905 or Submit a Confidential Inquiry.
Serenity Lane
RSS Youtube Twitter Facebook
Non-profit treatment centers for alcohol and drug addictions.
Treatment facilities located in:
Coburg,
Eugene,
SE Portland,
SW Portland,
Salem,
Albany,
Bend,
and Roseburg, OR
and Vancouver WA
Coburg Campus
1 (800) 543-9905 Serenity Lane, PO Box 8549, Coburg, OR 97408
Visiting information
Coburg Campus Visiting Rules & Information
Copyright Serenity Lane 2020. All rights reserved.
Terms of services   |   Privacy policy   |   Sitemap