http://www.fasthealthcorporation.com/getpage.php?name=privacy
Search
Client LoginAdministratorsWhy FastHealthMarketingLoyal PatientsCEO's MessageHR DirectorsOnline Hiring SystemPhysiciansBenefiting Your PhysiciansTechnologyTechnology/ProgrammingHealth ResearchPatient ResearchADA ComplianceCMS Emergency RuleShareholders
Privacy Policy
FastHealth Corporation Privacy Policy in relationship to its programs.
Please check with the hospital for the hospital's policies including privacy policy or terms of use that might be amended with the addition to the below information.
Summary
FASTHEALTH CORPORATION (hereinafter referred to as "FASTHEALTH") has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.fasthealth.com (the "Web Site"). By visiting this portion of our site, you can expect to be notified of:
What information is collected and how that information is used.
With whom the information will be shared.
This Web Site's opt-out policy.
This Web Site's policy on correcting and updating personally identifiable information.
This Web Site's policy on deleting or deactivating your name from our database.
This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
How We Collect and Use Your Information
At the Web Site, we do not collect any personally identifiable information (name, e-mail or home address, etc.) unless you voluntarily provide it to us. In cases where FASTHEALTH may need personal information to provide visitors with customized content or to inform them about new features or services, we explicitly ask for that information. Any personally identifiable information provided by visitors will not be disclosed to anyone unless visitors indicate that we may do so.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted using IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. FASTHEALTH may collects IP addresses in order to conduct system administration, report aggregate information to sponsors and advertisers, and to conduct site analysis. FASTHEALTH servers may enter the visitor's IP address into a log whenever a visitor requests pages from FASTHEALTH. In order to maintain visitor anonymity, FASTHEALTH does not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information or any information that is considered sensitive or controversial or that would compromise your privacy. However, FASTHEALTH will use IP addresses to identify any visitors who refuse to comply with FASTHEALTH's in-house rules or terms of service, and to identify visitors who threaten our service, site, customers or others.
Cookies
Our Web Site may transmit a text file called a "cookie" to your computer for placement in its browser files. Cookies are small files that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Our Web Site may use cookies during your online session to deliver content specific to your interests, to save any ID you may request and be issued so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit different pages on our Web Site, and for other limited purposes. Cookies allow us to avoid showing you the same advertisement or other message repeatedly. Our cookies do not collect or transmit personally identifiable information. Our cookies may however automatically collect some non-personally identifiable information from our visitors such as the IP address for the computer that accesses the Internet, the type of computer operating system (e.g., Windows '95 or Mac OS) and browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer) being used, and the domain name of the Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). In general, however, the information collected from these cookies is not retained following your visit to our Web Site. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our Web Site may not work properly if you do.
Registration
Our Web Site's registration system may require users to provide us certain contact information such as their name, e-mail address, ZIP code, age, sex and income level. This contact information is used to contact the user when necessary. Users may choose to opt-out of any future mailings in they prefer. [See the Choice/Opt-Out section below]. Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our Web Site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our Web Site, showing the visitor content that reflects their stated preferences. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis, which means that we will not disclose this information in a way that will indicate the identity of individual visitors.
E-Commerce Transactions
Some features of our Web Site may use applications to collect data necessary to facilitate an e-commerce transaction. When this occurs, we will ask your explicit permission to transfer this data to any required third parties necessary to facilitate that transaction and we require that any third parties with whom we share your information maintain this data in a confidential manner. Information collected in this manner is generally stored to record the transaction for customer service and accounting reasons. We may also share this information with other third parties but only on an aggregate basis, which means that we will not disclose this information in a way that will indicate the identity of individual users.
Surveys and Questionnaires
From time to time we may ask visitors for contact and demographic information in the form of surveys and questionnaires. This information is used to contact users when necessary, for which users may opt-out of receiving any future mailings if they chose. Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our Web Site. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis, which means that we will not disclose this information in a way that will indicate the identity of individual visitors.
Contests and Giveaways
From time to time we may run contests or giveaways on our Web Site where we will request certain contact and demographic information. This information is used to contact users when necessary, for which users may opt-out of receiving any future mailings if they chose. Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our Web Site. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis, which means that we will not disclose this information in a way that will indicate the identity of individual visitors.
External Links
In order to provide visitors with greater value, FASTHEALTH may provide links to various third party Web sites. However, even if a third-party affiliation exists between FASTHEALTH and a third party Web site, FASTHEALTH generally exercises no authority over sites that may be linked from our Web Site. Each of those Web sites will maintain independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures, and it is a good idea to read the privacy policy of each external site you visit. FASTHEALTH assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of others and can not be responsible or assume any liability for the actions of any third party Web sites linked through our Web Site. Similarly, FASTHEALTH cannot take responsibility of assume liability for the privacy initiatives or the content of such other Web sites. These external links are provided only for the convenience of our visitors, and as such, you access them at your own risk. However, FASTHEALTH wishes to ensure the integrity of the FASTHEALTH Web Site and its external links. Therefore, any comments pertaining to sites accessed through FASTHEALTH Web Site links are welcomed.
Third Party Advertisers
From time to time we may utilize certain third-party advertising services to display advertising for our advertisers. These third-party services may place a cookie on your computer for the purposes of tracking advertisements displayed and numbers of visits. FASTHEALTH will never share personally identifiable visitor information with its advertising services.
Security
The Web Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. FASTHEALTH employs strict security measures to safeguard online transactions. Personally identifiable user information is stored in a secured database and transmitted via an encrypted Internet channel. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. We recommend that you never reveal any personally identifiable information to anyone you do not trust. You will never receive a request from FASTHEALTH for personally identifiable information in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail.
Children's Guidelines
Children's privacy is of primary concern to us. WE DO NOT knowingly collect online contact information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to a child's request.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site requires you to opt-in to receiving any information from us or our partners. We also provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving any future communications from us and our partners at any time. If you want to remove your information from our database and not receive future communications or registration-required service(s), please contact us using any one of the following methods:
By E-Mail: Using the Questions/Comments form provided at:
http://www.fasthealth.com/feedback.php
By U.S. Mail: FASTHEALTH CORPORATION
1001 23rd Ave
Suite C
Tuscaloosa, Alabama
35401
By Phone: 1 (205) 752-5050
Changing Your Information
Our Web Site also gives users the option to change and modify information previously provided. Please contact us using any one of the above methods to change or modify any information you have previously provided to us.
Contacting the Web Site
Questions regarding this statement, the practices of this Web Site, or your dealings with this Web Site should be directed as above.
©2020 FastHealth Corporation
Terms
Privacy
FastHealth Research