https://www.jointcommission.org/terms-of-use/
X
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation, providing feedback, analyzing your use of our products and services, assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties. Get more information about cookies and how you can refuse them by clicking on the learn more button below. By not making a selection you will be agreeing to the use of our cookies.
I Agree
Learn More
Website Terms of Use
These Terms of Use apply to the websites for The Joint Commission, The Joint Commission Resources, Inc. (JCR) with its division Joint Commission International, and the Joint Commission Center for Transforming Healthcare ("Center") (collectively, "The Joint Commission").
Copyright
All materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned by The Joint Commission. The Joint Commission hereby provides limited permission to the user (you) of this site to reproduce, retransmit, or reprint for such user's own personal use part or all of any document on this site as long as the copyright notice and permission notice contained in such document or portion thereof is included in such reproduction, retransmission, or reprinting. All other reproduction, retransmission, or reprinting of all or part of any document found on this site is expressly prohibited, unless The Joint Commission has expressly granted its prior written consent. All other rights reserved. See the Reprint Permission Policy.
Disclaimers and Third Party Content/Websites
Information and services may be provided outside The Joint Commission websites as a benefit and service in furtherance of The Joint Commission's mission. The Joint Commission makes no warranties or representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any particular purpose.
There are links and pointers to third party websites or content contained within the The Joint Commission websites. These sites or content referenced or linked from the The Joint Commission websites may not be under Joint Commission control. Joint Commission does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information, communications or materials available at such linked sites or content, or at any link contained in a linked site or third party content. Each individual site has its own set of policies with regard to information contained within the site. User assumes sole responsibility for use of third party content, links, and pointers.
Although this site includes links providing direct access to other internet sites, the Joint Commission has not participated in their development and does not monitor or exert any editorial control over these sites. Further, any such linkages do not constitute a Joint Commission endorsement of products and services appearing on other websites.
By accessing links or references within The Joint Commission websites, the user assumes all risks associated with the use of this site, including any risk to user's computer, software or data being damaged by virus or malware, software, or any other file which might be transmitted or activated via the Joint Commission websites or user's access to it. The Joint Commission shall not in any event be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including, without limitation, lost revenues, or lost profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or misuse of the information or lack of information on the The Joint Commission websites or with the delay or inability to use this web site, or from any information, documents, services, software, or other material obtained through this web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the websites, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if The Joint Commission and/or any of its employees/affiliates has been advised of the possibility of damages. The Joint Commission shall not be liable for any loss or injury caused in whole, or in part, by its actions, omissions, or contingencies beyond its control, including in procuring, compiling, or delivering the information, or arising out of any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the information regardless of how caused, or arising out of any user's decision, or action taken or not taken in reliance upon information furnished.
Web Advertising
The Joint Commission does not accept advertising on its website.
Privacy & Cookies Statement
Any use of this website is subject to our Privacy & Cookies Statement.
Last Updated: 10 October 2019
Home
COVID-19
COVID-19
COVID-19 Resources
Accreditation & Certification
Accreditation & Certification
Why The Joint Commission
Health Care Settings
Become Accredited
Accredited
Certification
Payor Relations
State Recognition
Standards
Standards
About Our Standards
Standards Field Reviews
National Patient Safety Goals
Prepublication Standards
R3 Report
Standards FAQs
Universal Protocol
Patient Safety Systems PS Chapter
Measurement
Measurement
Measures
Specifications Manuals
Reporting
Pioneers in Quality
Resources
Quality Measurement Webinars & Videos
Performance Improvement
Performance Improvement
The Joint Commission
Patient Safety Topics
Center for Transforming Healthcare
Joint Commission International
Joint Commission Resources
Resources
Resources
Cybersecurity Alert
Patient Safety Topics
News & Multimedia
For Nurses
For Physicians
For Consumers
Research
E-Alerts Signup
About Us
About Us
Evolving with Care
Facts About The Joint Commission
Policies and Financials
Federal Relations and Public Policy
DataMart
Joint Commission Connect Request Guest Access
The Joint Commission and Social Media
Joint Commission Officers
Careers
E-Alerts
E-Alerts
How to Allow List
Our E-alerts
Unsubscribe
Accessibility
Contact Us