https://www.papyrus-uk.org/privacy-policy-2/
HomeAboutWho We AreWhat We DoTrusteesPAPYRUS GovernanceHelp & AdviceHOPELINEUKHOPELINKHOPELINEUK WebChatHelp & Advice ResourcesLGBTQIA+Apps to Support WellbeingConfidentiality PolicyI’m Thinking About SuicideWhat Are Thoughts Of Suicide?Where Can I Get Help?I Can’t Keep Safe Right NowFAQ’sWhy Do I Feel Suicidal?Places To Turn For HelpWorried About Someone?What Are Thoughts Of SuicideHow Do I know If Someone Is Suicidal?How Can I Look After Myself?What To Do In An EmergencyWhere Can We Get Help?What If They Say Yes?Supporting Your Child – A Guide for ParentsSupporting Your Child – A Guide for Parents (CYMRAEG)I’m A ProfessionalDisclosure of Suicidal Thoughts1-2-1 Advice for ProfessionalsFundraisingDonateWays to fundraise for PAPYRUSSupporting PAPYRUS at ChristmasVirtual EventsEventsTrusts and FoundationsCollecting for PAPYRUSCorporate FundraisingFundraising ResourcesNational Citizen ServiceFundraising FAQsFundraising NewsEducation & TrainingOur ProductsUpcoming SessionsSchools GuideASISTGet InvolvedWork For UsVolunteer For UsFundraise For UsNews & CampaignsNews & ForumLatest NewsWhy We Should Talk About Suicide SafelyGuidelines For JournalistsMedia EnquiriesBedtime Stories Chapter TwoUnfinished PlansPodcastsForumForum RegisterCampaignsPAPYRUS Emergency AppealBBC Radio 4 Appeal#SpotTheSigns#SaveTheClassBedtime Stories Chapter TwoExam Stress – No Silence Please#BraveFaceHOPE CompetitionShopGet In Touch
Need help? Thinking of Suicide?Are you, or is a young person you know, not coping with life? For confidential suicide prevention advice contact HOPELINEUK. We are open 9am–12am (midnight) every day of the year:
0800 068 4141
pat@papyrus-uk.org
Find help and advice
Apps to support your wellbeing
Ask the forum network Privacy Policy
Our Privacy PolicyWe want to reassure you that we are committed protecting and respecting your privacy, to ensure that it is stored and processed in a fair and lawful way.This policy explains when, why, and how we might use any personal data you provide to us, and how we keep it secure.  Please read this carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information.This Policy might change or be updated from time to time, so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. If it changes, we’ll let you know on our website and by email.If you have any questions about the way we store your data or our about privacy practices you can talk to our Data Protection Officer. You can email us on admin@papyrus-uk org; write to PAPYRUS Prevention of Young Suicide, Lineva House, 28-32 Milner Street, Warrington, Cheshire WA5 1AD; call us up on 01925 572 444.Who are we?PAPYRUS is the national charity dedicated to the prevention of young suicide. We are a registered charity (no.1070896) and a company limited by guarantee (no. 3555482).The registered charity address isLineva House. 28-32 Milner Street, Warrington, Cheshire, WA5 1AD.  ‘PAPYRUS Prevention of Young Suicide’ includes HOPELineUK and 2 regional offices in London and Birmingham.We are a “data controller” for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and (from 25 May 2018) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“Data Protection Law”).  This means that we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information.What information do we collect about you?Personal information we collect includes details such as your name, date of birth, email address, postal address, telephone number, as well as other information you provide in any communications between us.  You will have given us this information whilst making a donation, registering for an event, placing an order on our website or any of the other ways to interact with us.When do we collect your information?We may collect your information when you interact with us directly. This includes when you ask us about our activities and services; register your interest or sign up to an event or training; purchase something, apply to volunteer or for a job; or otherwise provide us with your personal information. It also includes when you phone us, visit our website, purchase something from our online shop or get in touch via email or post.How is your information used?All the information we collect is to help young people, and those concerned about them, get the help they need when they are struggling with thoughts of suicide. We want to give you the best possible experience when you donate, become a member, take part in our training, or interact with us in any other way.We may use your information to:– make sure that our website content is presented in the best for you and your device;– allow you to use interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so.– process a donation or payment that you have made, including Gift Aid– process an order that you have submitted, or fulfil another contract of this nature.– keep a record of your relationship with us–  view or process your form submissions– see your views or comments on the services we provide (such as in our Forum)– notify you of changes to our services– send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. This might include information about campaigns, appeals, other fundraising activities, promotions of you associated companies’ goods and services, inviting you to participate in surveys or research.If you share your personal experience or the experiences of a friend or relative, we may also collect this information. If you provide us with any Sensitive Personal Information by telephone, email or by other means, we will treat that information with extra care and confidentiality and always in accordance with this Privacy Policy.You can of course decide if you want to remain anonymous, if you are happy to share your personal details with staff members, or if you would like us to share your story with the media or other parties as part of our work telling people’s personal stories about suicide loss and prevention.If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to process your donation, sign you up for a particular event or provide goods and services you have requested.You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will only send you direct marketing communications from us if you have indicated you would like to and given us prior consent.How do we use your information?In some cases, we will only use your personal information where we have your consent or because we need to use it in order to fulfil a contract with you (for example, because you have placed an order on our website).However, there are other lawful reasons that allow us to process your personal information and one of those is called ‘legitimate interests’. This means that the reason that we are processing information is because there is a legitimate interest for PAPYRUS to process your information to help us to achieve our vision of ensuring that everyone experiencing thoughts of suicide gets both support and respect.Whenever we process your Personal Information under the ‘legitimate interest’ lawful basis we make sure that we take into account your rights and interests.Some examples of where we have a legitimate interest to process your Personal information are where we contact you about our work via post, use your personal information for data analytics, conducting research to better understand who our supporters are, improving our services, for our legal purposes (for example, dealing with complaints and claims), or for complying with guidance from the Charity Commission. Your rightsYou have various rights in respect of the personal information we hold about you – these are set out in more detail below.  If you wish to exercise any of these rights or make a complaint, you can do so by contacting our Data Protection Officer on admin@papyrus-uk.org, Lineva House, 28-32 Milner Street, Warrington, Cheshire, WA5 1AD, or call 01925 572 444.  You can also make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office, https://ico.org.uk/Access to your personal information: You have the right to request access to a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, along with information on what personal information we use, why we use it, who we share it with, how long we keep it for and if it has been used for any automated decision making. You can make a request for access free of charge.  Requests can be made verbally and in writing, and you should provide us with evidence of your identity. We can provide the data electronically or verbally if requested.Right to object: You can object to our processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  Please contact us as noted above, providing details of your objection.Consent: If you have given us your consent to use personal information (for example, for marketing), you can withdraw your consent at any time.Rectification: You can ask us to change or complete any inaccurate or incomplete personal information held about you.Erasure: You can ask us to delete your personal information where it is no longer necessary for us to use it, you have withdrawn consent, or where we have no lawful basis for keeping it.Portability: You can ask us to provide you or a third party with some of the personal information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, electronic form, so it can be easily transferred.Restriction: You can ask us to restrict the personal information we use about you where you have asked for it to be erased or where you have objected to our use of it.No automated-decision making: Automated decision-making takes place when an electronic system uses personal information to make a decision without human intervention.  You have the right not to be subject to automated decisions that will create legal effects or have a similar significant impact on you, unless you have given us your consent, it is necessary for a contract between you and us or is otherwise permitted by law.  You also have certain rights to challenge decisions made about you.  We do not currently carry out any automated decision-making.Who has access to your information?We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.We will never sell or rent your information to third parties. We will never share you information with third parties for marketing and advertising purposes. Third Party Service Providers working on our behalfWe may pass your information to our third party services providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process donations and send you mailings). When we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have contracts in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we not release your information to third parties beyond the PAPYRUS Prevention of Young Suicide network for them use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law. This may include a court order, or for the prevention of fraud or other crime.When you are using our secure online donation pages, your donation is processed by a third party processors or specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.SecurityWhen you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected (what software do we use)? Security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or unrequested alteration of your information.Non-sensitive details (your email addresses etc) are transmitted normally over the Internet or in the post, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your security, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to use and you do at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.Security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your informationWhen you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit car details) is encrypted and protect (what software do we use)Non-sensitive details (your email addresses etc) are transmitted normally over the Internet or in the post, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your security, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to use and you do at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.IP addresses and cookiesWe may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions patterns and contains no data which identifies any individual.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites run by other organisation. This privacy policy applies only to our website, so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites, even if you access those using links from our website.In addition, if you have been linked to our website from a third party site we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.If you are aged 16 or underWe want to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under accessing our website and services. If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with your personal information.Transferring your information outside of EuropeAs part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (‘EU’). This may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside the EU. Countries outside the EU which hold information must also adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.We keep this Policy under regular review. This policy was last updated in April 2018.
My whole way of thinking has changed. I feel positive about my future and the people around me. I’m now looking forward to the future and helping others just like me!Thank you so much for the incredible support PAPYRUS and HOPELINE UK has given me. You helped me in that moment and it kept me alive.“I intend to continue to fundraise for and promote PAPYRUS. I am so proud & humbled to be involved with a wonderful charity, and to have received the support that I have.Having been personally bereaved by suicide I understand the importance & need for our charity. I am surrounded by others who are as passionate as I am about saving lives.* All feedback is provided by users of PAPYRUS & HOPELINE. All feedback has full consent of the user and the user remains fully anonymous. Some feedback may have been adapted to keep the users anonymity.
Our Funding PartnersBelow are our current funding partners. If you wish to donate or become a funding partner, please get in touch for more information.MembersBelow are our current memberships we hold. If you require further details please contact us.
Suggest FeedbackSuggest FeedbackAt PAPYRUS we are always looking at ways to improve. Please fill out the form below to suggest your ideas and feedback.Your Name (required)*Your Email (required)* Your FeedbackConsent I agree to the privacy policy.CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
HOPELINK Safety Plan
× Thinking of Suicide?Are you, or is a young person you know, not coping with life? For confidential suicide prevention advice contact HOPELINEUK. We are open 9am–12am (midnight) every day of the year:
0800 068 4141
pat@papyrus-uk.org
Find help and advice