http://www.ibcresearch.org/privacy-policy/
Inflammatory Breast Cancer Research Foundation » Privacy Policy
Inflammatory Breast Cancer Research Foundation
1-877-STOP-IBC (1-877-786-7422)
Home
Misson
and Goals
IBC Research Foundation
Medical Advisory Board
Board of Directors and Officers
Newsletter and Discussion List
IBC In Our Own Words
Press Releases
About IBC
Symptoms and Diagnosis
Treatment and Prognosis (Survival)
Imaging-Mammogram and Ultrasound
Frequently Asked Questions
No Lump Required
IBC Research
Evaluating Internet Health Information and Research Articles
IBC Research 2018
IBC Research 2017
IBC Research 2016
IBC Research 2015
Photos
Photos of IBC Symptoms
IBC Skin Metastases
One Woman’s Journey with IBC
Krysti and the Gamma Knife
Resources
Donate
Brochures & Bookmarks
Contact Us
The Inflammatory Breast Cancer Research Foundation is committed to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received an email from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please contact us.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was created on January 26, 2001. Updated 1/26/2019.
©2007-2019 Inflammatory Breast Cancer Research Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer