http://www.stoppickingonme.com/make-peace-with-yourself-and-heal-nervous-habitual-obsessive-compulsive-skin-picking/terms-and-conditions/
SPOM!
Official DSM Diagnosis
About This Site
Thank You
GET HELP NOW!
Flow Charts
Recommendations
Supplements
Get Your Own Lab Testing Done
Makeup
Oils and Herbs Direct
Around the House
Get Grounded
Reading
Kiss Addiction Goodbye
Recipes – Eat Like Eve
Other Resources and Helpful Links
Bibliography
Blog
SPOM!
Official DSM Diagnosis
About This Site
Thank You
GET HELP NOW!
Flow Charts
Recommendations
Supplements
Get Your Own Lab Testing Done
Makeup
Oils and Herbs Direct
Around the House
Get Grounded
Reading
Kiss Addiction Goodbye
Recipes – Eat Like Eve
Other Resources and Helpful Links
Bibliography
Blog
Home > HOME > Terms and ConditionsThe following describes the Terms of Service Conditions of Use for StopPickingOnMe.com
Please read this document carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using our website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use our website. If you do not understand these terms and conditions, do not use our website. We may modify this agreement at any time without individual, specific notice to you, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement on our website. You agree to review the agreement periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued access or use of our website after such notice shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement, including any and all modifications, additions, deletions, or other changes.
Our website and content are provided on an ‘as is’ basis without any warranties of any kind. Our website and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, including (but not limited to) the warranty of merchantability, noninfringement of third parties rights, and the warranty of fitness for particular purpose. Our website and its suppliers make no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the content, services, software text, graphics, and links.
By using this website, you agree to obey these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use. Please read them carefully.
Our Futura House Publishing website (and other “internal” websites stemming from it, such as specific membership sites or webpages pertinent to the main website or weblog) is an online (and, periodically, offline) information service and is subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below (all parts and parties collectively referred to as our website). Any other policies, notices, or other legal/administrative pages contained in our website are necessarily incorporated into these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use. This may include, without limitation, a DMCA Policy, Privacy Policy, Disclaimer, Copyright Notice, Anti-Spam Policy, and FTC Compliance Policy.
You agree to obey all applicable laws and regulations regarding your use of our StopPickingOnMe.com website and the content and materials provided in it.
Our website is an independent, stand-alone entity that has no relationship, connection, or affiliation whatsoever with any company, person, outfit, organization, or group mentioned herein, even if such name appears in our website name, domain, URL, or otherwise. You should assume no other party, by mere mention of their name, has endorsed anything you see here. The aim is simply to provide useful resources for our readers, some of which we may be compensated for. You should simply assume at all times we are being compensated and, while that may not prompt us to make unsound recommendations, you should always be responsible for your own financial decisions, be it investing, purchasing, donating, or otherwise.
Use of our website.
You agree, acknowledge, and accept that we are not trained professionals and do not purport to render professional or expert advice in any arena.
Data contained on or made available through our StopPickinOnMe.com website is not intended to be, and does not constitute, legal advice. Our website, and your use of it, does not create an advisor-client, attorney-client or doctor-patient relationship. We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or recency of the data contained in or linked to our website. Data contained on or made available through our website is not intended to be, and does not constitute, medical or health advice. Our website, and your use of it, does not create a physician-patient relationship. We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or recency of the data contained in or linked to our website. Data contained on or made available through our website is not intended to be, and does not constitute, financial/investing advice. We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or recency of the data contained in or linked to our website.
Your use of our Futura House Publishing website or materials linked to our website is completely at your own risk. You should not act or depend on any data on our website, where applicable, without seeking the counsel of a competent lawyer licensed to practice in your jurisdiction for your particular legal issues. You should not act or depend on any data on our website, where applicable, without seeking the counsel of a competent physician licensed to practice in your jurisdiction for your particular medical issues. You should not act or depend on any data on our website, where applicable, without seeking the counsel of a competent financial advisor licensed to practice in your jurisdiction for your particular financial needs and issues.
We may make changes to the features, functionality or content of our website at any time. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any data appearing on our website.
Your Duty To Other Users
Your use of our website is for your own personal, non-commercial benefit. In no way are you to leverage our website in a way that mines for the personal information of other, whether in blog comments or otherwise, for your own use or for the benefit of others. This includes, but is not limited to, spam (unsolicited commercial email). If you inadvertently obtain personal information about other users, you shall not share this with anyone else.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of our StopPickingOnMe.com website is restricted. We reserve the right to restrict access to other areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion. If we provide you with a user ID (username) and password to enable you to access restricted areas of our website or other content or services, you must ensure that that user ID and password is kept confidential. You may not share your user ID and/or password with anyone for any reason, either directly or indirectly. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your user ID or password. We may disable your user ID and password at our sole discretion or if you breach any of the policies or terms governing your use of our Futura House Publishing website or any other contractual obligation you owe to us.
Third-Party Products/Services
You understand that, except for information, products or services clearly identified as being supplied by our website, our website does not operate, control or endorse any information, products or services on the Internet in any way. Except for information identified by our website as such, all information, products and services offered through our website or on the Internet generally are offered by third parties that are not affiliated with our website, and we may be compensated.
Viruses, etc.
You also understand that our Futura House Publishing website cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through our website will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our website for the reconstruction of any lost data.
Assumption of Risk
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of our website and the internet. Our website provides our website and related information “as is” and does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation warranties of title or noninfringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the product or service, any merchandise information or service provided through the service or on the internet generally, and our website shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any such transaction. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the service or on the internet generally. Our website does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected.
You understand further that the pure nature of the internet contains unedited materials some of which are sexually explicit or may be offensive to you. Your access to such materials is at your risk. our website has no control over and accepts no responsibility whatsoever for such materials you might somehow access.
Limitation of Liability
The content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Our StopPickingOnMe.com website makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the content or about the results to be obtained from using our website or the content on it. Use of our website and the content is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to our website, and may be made at any time.
Our website does not warrant that our website will operate error-free or that our website and its server are free of computer viruses and other harmful goods or conditions. If your use of our website or the content results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, our website is not responsible for those costs.
Express Disclaimer of Consequential Damages
In no event will our website, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned at our website be liable for (i) any incidental, consequential, indirect or other damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the service, or any information, or transactions provided on the service, or downloaded from the service, or any delay of such information or service. Even if our website or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the service and/or materials or information downloaded through the service. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law, resulting in the smallest dollar amount permitted for the aggregate liability for both our website and affiliated parties for a claim deriving from or related to our website. This is in place of any and all other remedies otherwise available.
Copyright, Licenses and Idea/User Submissions.
The following describes the Copyright Notice for our website.
The entire contents of our website are protected by intellectual property law, including international copyright and trademark laws. The owner of the copyrights and/or trademarks are our website, and/or other third party licensors or related entities. You do not own rights to any article, book, ebook, document, blog post, software, application, add-on, plugin, art, graphics, images, photos, video, webinar, recording or other materials viewed or listened to through or from our Futura House Publishing website or via email or by way of protected content in a membership site. The posting of data on our website, such as a blog comment, does not change this fact and does not give you any right in the data. You surrender any rights to your content once it becomes part of our website.
You are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use our website only for private, personal, noncommercial reasons. You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of the website solely for your own noncommercial use, provided that you agree not to change the content from its original form. Moreover, you agree not to modify or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials you print or download. Also note that any notice on any portion of our website that forbids printing & downloading trumps all prior statements and controls.
As a user, you agree to use the products and services offered by our website in a manner consistent with all applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations. No material shall be stored or transmitted which infringes or violates the rights of others, which is unlawful, obscene, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable, threatening, defamatory, or invasive of privacy or publicity rights.
Our StopPickinOnMe.com website prohibits conduct that might constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. Any activity that restricts or inhibits any other user from using the services of our website is also prohibited. Unless allowed by a written agreement, you may not post or transmit advertising or commercial solicitation on our website.
You agree to grant to our website a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license, with the right to sub-license, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products and services) you submit to any public areas of our website (such as bulletin boards, forums, blog, and newsgroups) or by e-mail to our website by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed. You also grant to our website the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto. You agree that you shall have no recourse against our website for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communications to our website.
Trademarks
Publications, products, content or services referenced herein or on our website are the exclusive trademarks or servicemarks of our Futura House Publishing website or related parties. Other product and company names mentioned in our website may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Links to Our Website
You may provide links to our website, provided you do not change, remove, or obscure the copyright notice or other notices on our website. Your website or other source of links must not engage in illegal or pornographic activities.
Links to Other Websites.
Our website contains links to third party Websites. Our Futura House Publishing website makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one or which may link to this website. When you access a website from our website, please understand that it is independent from our website, and that our website has no control over the content on that website. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by our website of the contents on such third-party Websites. Our website is not responsible for the content of linked third-party Websites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such third party Websites. If you decide to access linked third-party Websites, you do so at your own risk. We do not necessarily endorse, recommend, suggest or otherwise make any overture or prompt for action regarding any product or service offered. You should assume we are compensated for any purchases you make. Again, any income claims should be construed as atypical results and you assume the risk that inferior results obtain, including losses, for which we carry no responsibility or liability.
User Submissions
As a user of our StopPickingOnMe.com website, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. You must not do the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, profane, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user of our website or any other person or entity; post a sexually-explicit image; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person. Our website does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any communications posted by other users of our website or endorse any opinions expressed by users of our website. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users of our website will be at your own risk.
Our Futura House Publishing website does not necessarily screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users of our website. If observed by our website and/or notified by a user of communications which allegedly do not conform to this agreement, our website may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of the communication. Our website has no liability or responsibility to users of our website for performance or nonperformance of such activities. Our website reserves the right to expel users of our website and prevent their further access to our website for violating this agreement or any law or regulation, and also reserves the right to remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive.
Social Media Warning (Divulgence of Personal & Private Information)
Social media has provided a platform for internet users to disclose much personal information about themselves, in a way that seems innocuous, if not proper and expected. However, more than a few folks have already lived to regret personal information that was shared either by them or others. This has long been true of simple email. It is exponentially true of social websites and applications for social media on any other website, including this one. You are cautioned against carelessly disclosing information.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless our Futura House Publishing website, its members, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to our website from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any use of our website or violation of this Agreement (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing our website.
Third Party Rights.
The provisions of paragraphs 2 (Use of the Service), and 3 (Indemnification) are for the benefit of our website and its owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and any third party information providers to the Service. Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on its/their own behalf.
Term; Termination.
We reserve the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use and to take any action we deem appropriate, including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any data necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to your profile, email addresses, usage history, IP addresses and traffic data. This Agreement, in whole or in part, may be terminated by Futura House Publishing without notice at any time for any reason. The provisions of paragraphs 1 (Copyright, Licenses and Idea Submissions), 2 (Use of the Service), 3 (Indemnification), 4 (Third Party Rights), 6 (Hiring an Attorney / No Attorney-Client Relationship), and 7 (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination of this Agreement, in whole or in part.
Hiring a Health Coach, or Medical or Other Professional
Choosing a Health Coach is a serious matter and should NOT be based solely on data contained on our website or in advertisements. The law is constantly changing and the data may not be complete or accurate depending on your particular legal issue. Each legal issue depends on its individual facts and different jurisdictions have different laws and regulations. This is why you should seriously consider hiring licensed, professional counsel in your jurisdiction. Medical issues are complex, and can often stem from both organic and psychological factors. Never should a website be used as a source of diagnosing or treating medical problems. You may send us email, but in no instance will this communication in any way be construed as initiating an advisor-patient/client relationship, or other professional relationship, and so the contact should not include confidential or sensitive data because your communication will not be treated as privileged or confidential.
Miscellaneous.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall treated as though executed, set in force, and performed in the State of Nevada. Accordingly, it shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Nevada in terms of those applicable to agreements, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Disputes
Any cause of action by you with respect to our StopPickingOnMe.com website must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. All actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use. Any legal claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use or our website, excluding intellectual property right infringement and other claims by us, shall be settled confidentially through mandatory binding arbitration per the American Arbitration Association commercial arbitration rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Nevada. Each party shall bear one half of the arbitration fees and costs incurred, and each party shall bear its own lawyer fees. All claims shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party.
Modification
Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor industry trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement.
Assignability
Our website may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Contra Preferentum
The language in these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any party. Any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party (i.e. – “contra preferentum”) shall not apply in interpreting these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use, as the Agreement shall be construed as having been co-authored by the parties.
Severability
Should any part of these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed as much as possible consistent with applicable law and severability shall apply to the remaining portions, so that they remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement Prevails
To the extent that anything in or associated with our website is in conflict or inconsistent with these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use, these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use shall take precedence.
Waiver
Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use shall not be deemed a waiver of the provision nor of the right to enforce the provision. Our rights under these Terms of Service and Conditions of Use shall survive any termination of this agreement. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Futura House Publishing .
CHANGE NOTICE: As with any of our administrative and legal notice pages, the contents of this page can and will change over time. Accordingly, this page could read differently as of your very next visit. These changes are necessitated, and carried out by Futura House Publishing , in order to protect you and our StopPickingOnMe.com website. If this page is important to you, you should check back frequently as no other notice of changed content will be provided either before or after the change takes effect.
QUESTIONS/COMMENTS/CONCERNS:
If you have any questions about the contents of this page, or simply wish to reach us for any other reason, you may do so by using our Contact information.
GET HELP NOW!
Do you truly want to stop, but can’t seem to quit?
If so, this is the book for you.
Based on leading scientific research, Stop Picking On Me is a proven plan designed to help men and women of all shapes and sizes, ages, and ethnicities deal with their ‘picky’ issues.
This is the most comprehensive life-saving book ever written on the topic. You will gain overwhelming Understanding, Answers, Courage, and Hope. Learn about what you “do” and why you do it. Learn how to eradicate breakouts, and stop your compulsion to pick.
Available on Amazon!
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Social
View StopPickingOnMe’s profile on FacebookView teamSPOM’s profile on TwitterView wholeway_home’s profile on InstagramView UCig4AVzVUSTbJOnhx5tZ3xA’s profile on YouTubeView 110382049733415887853’s profile on Google+
Welcome to Stop Picking On Me
This website also contains the original first edition of the book, Stop Picking On Me, written in 2004. I will continue to include it here for free.
.
However, if you would like to get ALL the latest science and healing for your condition, I have written an updated version of the book sharing all of the new lessons I have learned in the past 10+ years. It is available on Amazon.
Purchase it for yourself, OR for someone who still suffers.
SPOM on Facebook
SPOM on Facebook
HOME
READ the 2004 SPOM Book
ABOUT
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
DSM
BACKGROUND
CAUSES
STORIES
HELP
RECOVERY
RESOLUTION
THANKS
DISCUSSION
Domain Names and Website Hosting
In the past 20 years I had to do a lot of research to find good QUALITY caring service providers. Here is where I register domains:
AND here's where I host my sites:
I recommend both highly.
Please keep in touch
Please keep in touch
Tags: picking skin, picking at skin, skin picking addiction, picking at my skin, picking at your skin, stop skin picking, pathological skin picking, acne scars, pick at skin, skin pick, compulsive skin picking, csp, ocd, skin picking, skin picking disorder, neurotic excoriation, Skin Ailments, Skin Diseases, treatment alternatives for skin picking, excoriation; skin picking tips, skin picking advice; skin picking medical, skin picking 101, skin picking for beginners, skin picking for dummies, skin picking remedies, skin picking natural, skin picking cure, skin picking therapy, skin picking cures, skin picking treatment, skin picking adults, how to deal with skin picking, how to overcome skin picking, how to quit picking skin, Angela Hartlin, forever marked, Proven Tips, Definition, Signs, Symptoms of Skin Picking, Stop Skin Picking Immediately, Causes of Skin Picking, Compulsive Behavior, Skin Ailments, Skin Care, Anxieties and Phobias, Substance Abuse Recovery, Mood Disorders, Anxiety Disorders, Pain Management, Health, Fitness and Dieting, Counseling and Psychology, Psychological Pathologies, Dermatology, Alternative Medicine Healing
Follow Us
Facebook
Facebook
YouTube
Google
Twitter
Instagram
© 1996-2018 mm stratton all rights reserved. There is a possibility of text or images used on this site that belong to others. No copyright infringement is implied. These are shared to help educate readers. If you have found anything on this site that needs to be fixed, credited or removed, please contact me.
Website produced by HOMECAMP
Design and writing by meg-o-rama
Available on Amazon!
Accelerated Learning SPOM Workbook
GET HELP NOW!