http://www.avera.org/patients-visitors/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
I want to...
Find COVID-19 Resources
Pay My Bill
Request My Medical Records
Send a Greeting
Request a Prayer
Donate to Avera
Find a Job
Main Navigation
Health Services
Find a Doctor
Find a Location
Patients & Visitors
Find a Health Plan
For Health Care Professionals
Urgent, Evening & Weekend Care
Depending on COVID-19 spread, visitation may not be allowed at Avera locations. Please check with the facility before visiting.Use this COVID-19 resource if you have symptoms or have been exposed. View a list of clinic and facility closures.
You are here:
Home > Patients & Visitors > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Avera, we are committed to protecting your online privacy. This privacy statement describes the practices and policies we have put into place to safeguard your personal and health-related information that may be gathered and used as you visit our website. In general, you can visit Avera websites without revealing any personal information. However, you may be asked to provide personal information to gain access to some of our content and services. This information helps us to better ascertain and address the health care needs and concerns of website visitors.
All personal and health-related information that you enter on this website is not sold to any third parties.
Analytics tools and cookies
We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and Cookies, to collect non-personal information regarding you in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our websites and/or services. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, geo-location, demographic and interest data, and other similar information.
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our websites and/or services and other online products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
In addition to our use of technologies as described herein, we may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of our websites and/or services and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of our websites and/or services.
You may opt out of the Google advertising cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page. Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines and Restrictions.
Optimization
We use user information, including behavioral metrics, and other non-personally identifiable information to operate, provide, improve, and maintain our websites and services, to develop new products and services, to prevent abuse and fraud, to personalize and display advertisements and other content for you, and for other administrative and internal business purposes.
Email communications
Communication that you send to us via the email links and forms on our website may be shared with a customer service representative, employee, or medical personnel that is most able to address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received.
Because email does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication, please do not use e-mail if you wish to keep your communication private. If you wish to have a private discussion, please use your AveraChart account, or call your Avera healthcare facility.
Avera also sends email communication for marketing purposes. Recipients of these emails have opted in for this information. Users may also opt out at any time by clicking the opt out link included in each email.
YouTube API and YouTube Videos
Avera Health utilizes YouTube videos and YouTube API Services to provide you with videos throughout Avera Health's connected websites. Avera Health's utilization follows YouTube's Terms of Service and Google's Privacy Policy.
Complaint process
If you have a complaint or problem, or if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may contact us by phone. Please indicate the reason for contacting us. Our customer service department will forward your complaint to the appropriate Avera department for response or resolution.
Last updated: July 2016
Patients & Visitors
Request Your Medical Records
Billing & Insurance
Price Transparency
Charity & Patient Assistance Programs
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Spiritual Care
Social Work Services
Advance Directives & End-of-Life Planning
Send a Greeting
Baby Photos
Health Library
Notice of Privacy Practices
Your Role in Safe Health Care
Becoming an Avera Patient
Community Support Groups
Privacy Policy
Sign Up for Avera Balance
Avera is a health ministry rooted in the Gospel. Our mission is to make a positive impact in the lives and health of persons and communities by providing quality services guided by Christian values.
Support Avera
About Avera Health
Community Partnership Benefit
Annual Report
News & Media
Innovation & Research
Sign up for eNews
Sign up for Daily Reflections
Staff & Partners
Privacy Policy
Contact
© 2020 Avera Health, Sioux Falls, SD. All Rights Reserved.