http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-loss/symptoms
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
2
www.HealthyHearing.com
Early signs of hearing loss
Are you concerned you or a loved one has hearing loss?
The symptoms of hearing loss depend on the type of hearing loss you have—and the severity. A person with mild hearing loss in both ears, for example, experiences sound differently than a person with a profound hearing loss in just one ear.
Symptoms by hearing loss type:
Sensorineural hearing loss (general)
High-frequency
Noise-notch
Mid-range ("cookie bite")
Low-frequency (reverse-slope)
Conductive (general)
Sudden
Flat
Single-sided
Temporary
In children
General symptoms of hearing loss
For adults with any kind of hearing loss, these are all good indicators that you may not be hearing as well as you used to. You may experience all or just a few of these scenarios:
Friends or family say you turn the television or radio up too loud
You struggle to understand speech, especially in noisy environments
You have difficulty hearing people on the phone
A feeling that you can hear, but not understand
You are not sure where sound is coming from, known as localization
You often ask people to repeat themselves
You find yourself avoiding social situations
You feel exhaustion after attending social events
You notice tinnitus, or ringing in the ears
Paradoxically, some sounds seem too loud, known as "recruitment"
Have the birds stopped singing, or has your hearing changed?
Sensorineural hearing loss symptoms
The most common type of hearing loss is sensorineural hearing loss, which is caused from damage to the delicate hair cells in the inner ear and/or the nerve pathways that deliver sound to your brain. About 90% of people with hearing loss have this type, and it has a wide range of causes.
Sensorineural hearing loss is usually gradual—you don't wake up overnight not being able to hear. Instead, you slowly lose the ability to hear. Both how loudly (volume) and how clearly (clarity) you perceive sound are affected. You might also find some louder sounds to be uncomfortable to listen to, especially compared to years past. For example, you once loved fireworks shows, but now find the booming sounds nearly unbearable.
Sensorineural hearing loss can affect all ranges of hearing. Some people may struggle to hear both low-pitched and high-pitched sounds, while others may only struggle with one range. One ear may hear better than the other, too. There's wide variability among people, even with the same type of hearing loss. Have you had a hearing test, but don't understand the results? This primer on how to read an audiogram can help.
High-frequency hearing loss symptoms
One of the more common types of sensorineural hearing loss is high-frequency hearing loss, which appears as a "ski slope" pattern on an audiogram. Many people who have presbycusis, a type of age-related hearing loss, develop this kind of hearing loss. It results in the reduced ability to hear things like:
Women and children’s voices
Certain consonant sounds like s, sh, f, v, th, f, p, making it difficult to understand some words
The car’s turn signal
Beeping sounds on timers and microwave ovens
Birds chirping
Symptoms of noise-notch hearing loss
Similar to high-frequency hearing loss, noise-notch hearing loss means you can't hear certain high-pitched sounds very well (such as children's voices). But unlike high-frequency hearing loss, you may still hear very high-pitched sounds (birds or beeps). This type of hearing loss is associated with noise-induced hearing loss, especially loud gun blasts. For example, hunters who develop shooter's ear often have a noise-notch pattern of hearing loss.
Symptoms of 'cookie-bite' hearing loss (mid-range frequency loss)
Less common than high-frequency hearing loss, "cookie-bite" hearing loss (which gets its name from its distinctive pattern on an audiogram) is when a child or adult has trouble hearing sounds in the mid-range frequencies. These are sounds that are neither particularly high-pitched nor low-pitched. As you can imagine, this includes many common sounds, making everyday situations like talking to friends or listening to music challenging. Generally people with this kind of hearing loss will realize they can easily hear things like squealing alarms or booming thuds, yet struggle to hear speech or music at what are seemingly normal volumes for other people.
Symptoms of low-frequency loss (reverse-slope)
Rarer still, reverse-slope hearing loss is essentially the opposite of high-frequency hearing loss. Symptoms include finding men's voices harder to hear than women's or children's voices, struggling to hear people on the phone but not so much during face-to-face conversations, and inability to hear environmental sounds that are low-pitched, such as the bass in music or thunder. A person with reverse slope hearing loss also might seem unusually sensitive to high-pitched sounds, too. Sometimes, Meniere's disease can cause this type of hearing loss in the earlier stages of the disease.
Conductive hearing loss symptoms
A hearing exam is necessary to figure out
what's causing your hearing loss.
About 10% of people with hearing loss have conductive hearing loss, which means that their inner ear works fine, but their outer or middle ear isn't working normally for some reason (causes can range from a severe earwax blockage to head trauma). Most other types of permanent conductive hearing loss are detected at birth or soon after.
In adults, when it does occur, it tends to develop must faster than sensorineural hearing loss, and depending on the cause, may be reversible. The symptoms will be similar to general hearing loss symptoms, just occurring at a faster rate. For example, if you are in a bad car accident and notice you're struggling to hear speech, and feel like your own voice sounds odd to you, you may have conductive hearing loss. Any pain, pressure, or strange odor in your ears are other clues you may have a condition that causes conductive hearing loss.
Symptoms of sudden hearing loss
In rare cases, a person can develop sudden hearing loss, usually in one ear. It may be conductive or sensorineural. The symptoms and signs are generally pretty obvious—you suddenly can't hear well out of one ear. But if you have a bad cold or ear infection, it may be hard to tell if it's just temporary congestion or actual hearing damage from the virus or bacteria. In some cases, people hear a loud pop and then lose their hearing. The affected ear may feel stuffy, or "full," and a person may feel dizziness or hearing ringing in your ear. Because prompt treatment is key, act fast if you experience sudden hearing loss.
Flat hearing loss symptoms
Some causes of conductive sudden hearing loss can lead to what's known as "flat" hearing loss. This is when you struggle to hear sounds across the noise spectrum—low-pitched, normal and high-pitched. All sounds would be harder to hear compared to a person with normal hearing.
Symptoms of single-sided deafness
For people with severe to profound hearing loss in one ear, you may notice it's harder to tell where sound is coming from, known as localization. You also may have a hard time focusing on a single source of sound in a noisy environment, such as at a party. You might also struggle to discern how loud a sound is, because your brain relies on sensory input from both ears to detect volume. People with single-sided deadness also experience something known as as the "head shadow" effect, which makes high-pitched sounds harder to hear.
Temporary noise-related hearing loss symptoms
Temporary hearing loss is often related to exposure to loud noises, such as gunfire, fireworks, concerts or exposure at work. Temporary hearing loss is characterized by a temporary threshold shift (TTS), meaning that you temporarily won't hear as well. It's often accompanied by tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. It can last for only a few hours or several days before hearing returns to normal.
The ears have a harder time recovering from TTS after each occurrence. Any regular noise exposure puts you at risk of hearing loss, including noise-notch hearing loss (see above), linked to noise-induced hearing loss. You can avoid this by learning how to prevent hearing loss.
Symptoms of hearing loss in children
Hearing loss in children is usually detected with the help of a newborn infant hearing screening soon after birth. Some parents also may be able to detect hearing loss in their child if it's not caught at birth.
Symptoms of hearing loss in children include:
A delay in speech and language development
Child does not startle when loud sound is present
Child cannot localize sound (tell where sound is coming from)
Poor performance in school
Behavioral problems in school
A learning disability diagnosis
Signs of hearing loss
A "sign" is what a health care provider can detect with testing or a medical exam (and a "symptom" is what you notice but can't necessarily be measured). To look for the signs of hearing loss, a hearing care provider will generally start with questions about symptoms you're experiencing, and then conduct a formal hearing test to see how well you hear beep-like sounds (known as a pure-tone test), speech in noise and other sounds. Your hearing is then plotted on an audiogram that shows the extent of your hearing loss in both ears. Here's how to know if you need your hearing tested.
Treatment options
Permanent hearing loss cannot be restored and usually involves damage to the auditory nerves or the tiny hair cells of the inner ear. For most people, the best solution is properly fitted hearing aids. In some cases, cochlear implants or bone-anchored hearing systems may be recommended.
Next steps
If you suspect hearing loss in yourself, your child or someone close to you, use our directory of consumer-reviewed clinics to find a hearing specialist or audiologist near you. The sooner you seek help, the better your outcome will be.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing loss / Symptoms
Related topics
Types Causes Tests Treatment Prevention Children Noise Middle ear infections
More information about
hearing aids, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Hearing impairment and communication
Birdwatching with hearing loss: How hearing aids help
How hearing loss and heart disease are linked
Understanding auditory deprivation: Why untreated hearing loss is bad for your brain
How often should I get my hearing tested?
What is 'cookie-bite' hearing loss?
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Types
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!