http://www.drugfree.org/article/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We at Partnership to End Addiction respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the privacy of personal information you provide to us while using our websites or services. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Partnership to End Addiction, a District of Columbia nonprofit corporation, (“we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses your personal information in connection with any website, helpline, screening, self-assessment test, referral to treatment, application, or other service that refers to or links to this Policy (collectively, our “Services”).
Please read this Policy carefully because any time that you visit or use our Services, you consent to the practices we describe in this Policy. If you do not consent to the practices described in this Policy, you should not use our Services.
This Privacy Policy describes the type of personal information (the phrases “personal information” or “personally identifiable information” mean any information by which you can be directly identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.) we may collect on our website or mobile application (together, the “Site”), how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of this information.
However, the Privacy Policy does not apply to any research conducted by the Partnership to End Addiction.
Your use of this Site is also governed by our Terms of Use.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide Directly
Our Services allow users to choose to provide us with personal information. If you post comments or engage in discussions on certain interactive sections of the Site, sign up for email updates or make a donation, you may be asked to provide personal information (such as your name, email address, mobile phone number, mailing address, sign-in information (e.g., username and password), etc.). If you prefer that we not collect personal information from you, please do not provide us with such information. Also, if you prefer that we not contact you in the future through use of this contact information, please do not provide us with such information. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please note that we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Further, certain of our services involve communicating with you via text message, email or other written correspondence. Such communications are stored on our servers. Our communications in each such medium (e.g., text message, email, etc.) provide distinct instructions on how your communication history with us in such medium can be deleted. Accordingly, if at any time you would like your correspondence in any given medium deleted, please follow the applicable instructions from our communications in such medium.
Credit Card Information
We recognize the importance of respecting the integrity of credit card and related contact information that you provide and limiting access only to certain third-party vendors (as discussed below). Also, we utilize software to encrypt credit card transactions, which works to protect card numbers and other confidential information so that it cannot be improperly viewed, intercepted or altered.
Donations in Honor or Memory of Another
You may also choose to make a donation in honor/memory of someone. The person or family you designate will receive a notification with your name if you choose to send one. Any contact information that you provide about the person or family you designate will be used to honor your request to send a notification.
Self-Assessment Reponses
The Site may offer users the opportunity to take self-assessment tests. All responses provided to self-assessment tests are anonymous. For the purposes of scientific research and usage analysis, responses will be associated with an anonymous numerical identifier that will not be linked to browser cookies or your IP address (see below for information on cookies and IP addresses). If we publicly release user response data, it will only be in aggregate (group) form.
Information We Collect Automatically
Our Web servers and Web servers of third-party vendors (discussed below) automatically collect certain non-personally identified information, such as the pages a user visits, and the domain name of a user’s Internet service provider. We use this information to measure traffic and usage patterns. The servers also may log Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes, as well as for aggregate site usage statistics. Also, in some instances, we may use IP address logs to anonymously track session and website usage and behaviors. We do not share this information with other organizations nor do we link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. However, outside vendors (as discussed below) also may collect this information and use it for their own purposes.
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
Like many other websites, this website uses “cookies”, pixel tags, local storage and similar technologies. Except in the case of analytics cookies discussed below, we do not employ third party cookies from any outside organization, although our outside vendors (as discussed below) also may place cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our communications to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size and/or analyze your visiting patterns. Cookies can be used to collect anonymous data and serve the user with specifically targeted ads, and may be used to communicate with third party sites in connection with, for example, the “share” or “like” buttons for these third party sites. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Users who do not accept cookies from our Site can access Site content, but may not be able to use certain website features.
We use Google Analytics Advertising Features, a Web analysis service from Google Inc., on this Site. Google Analytics uses cookies to evaluate the use of the Site by its visitors, to compile reports about the activities of the visitors on the Site, and to provide other services related to usage of the Site and the internet. Google may also transmit this information to third parties if this is legally required or if third parties process these data on behalf of Google. Google guarantees that your IP address will not be linked to other Google data in any way. You may opt out of Google Analytics Advertising Features. Please see the following link for details and follow Google’s opt-out procedures: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in their browsers to let third parties know that they do not want to be tracked online. You can disable or enable this setting by changing the DNT settings in your browser. We do not track users across third party websites, and therefore do not respond to DNT signals, and except in the case of analytics cookies as described above, our Site limits tracking to the internal uses described above. Partnership to End Addiction does not authorize the collection of personally identifiable information about users for third party use through advertising technologies without user consent. However, some third party sites, including potentially those that have content embedded on this Site or to which this Site links, may keep track of your browsing activities and may set cookies on your browser. If you are visiting such sites, your browser may allow you to set the DNT signal so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. Please review their privacy policies to understand how you may be tracked. As noted, since our Site does not respond to DNT signals you may have set in your browser, we cannot fully control what third parties may do.
Use of Information and Future Contact from Partnership to End Addiction
We generally use the information we collect online to:
complete and support the immediate activity requested;
administer and run our Services;
improve our Services;
contact you if necessary or requested;
provide information of value to you;
comply with any requirements of law; and
contact you in the future about Partnership to End Addiction news as well as various events, reports, publications, functions, activities and opportunities.
You may inform us at any time if you would like to cancel a subscription and/or have your contact information deleted from our records.
Information We Share and With Whom We Share It
We will not provide your personal information to third parties for their use in marketing their products or services to you without your express consent.
Third-Party/Outside Vendors
We may retain or utilize other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf consistent with this Privacy Policy. Examples include consultants and Web hosting and payment processing companies. Such third-party vendors may be provided with access to personal information needed to perform their functions but they may not use such information other than on our behalf and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers
In the event that the activities of Partnership to End Addiction are merged, sold or otherwise transferred, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy of Partnership to End Addiction, user information, including personal information, generally is and may be one of the business assets transferred in those circumstances. By submitting your information through our Services, you agree that your data may be transferred to outside parties in these circumstances.
Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection
We may disclose any information we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process (including, but not limited to, in response to a subpoena) or governmental request. In addition, we may disclose any information when we believe, in our sole discretion, disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with suspected or actual illegal activity.
Security/Confidentiality
We may share your personal information, if needed, to protect the security or confidentiality of our records.
Nonpersonal Information
Third-party vendors we use in providing our Site may have access to and use anonymous information related to your visit to our Site, such as your IP address. These companies most often use non-personally identifiable information generated during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information. In addition to setting cookies on your browser, they may also read cookies that are already there. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
Access to Our Site via Third-Party Accounts or Links
If you access our Site through a third-party connection or log-in, such as through your Facebook account, what information the third-party may collect about your visit and how they may use it would be governed by the third-party’s privacy policies and terms of use and not by this policy nor our Terms of Use.
Other Parties With Your Consent
In addition to the sharing described in this Policy, we may share information about you with other third parties when you consent to such sharing.
Children’s Privacy
If you are under 13 years of age, you may browse our Site. However, you may not provide personal information to us. The Site is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 on the Site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 13 on the Site, we will delete the information from our records.
Media and Influencer Contact Details
Partnership to End Addiction obtains contact details and other personal information regarding media contacts and influencers from a variety of sources including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and used, please refer to Cision’s privacy notice at www.cision.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/.
Third-Party Website Links and Social Media Sites
Occasionally on our Site we offer links to third-party websites and social media sites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies, and these third parties may be located in a jurisdiction with lesser data protection laws. We, therefore, have no control over the content and activities of these linked sites. (See our Terms of Use for more information.)
These third parties may use this information to display advertisements on the Site and elsewhere online tailored to your interests, preferences and characteristics.
Since our social media content is available to the general public, if you make a comment on a social media site, any information in your comment, as well as your profile name and any other public profile information, will be available to the general public to see.
How We Protect Personal Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place a donation or submit your personal information.
Sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted directly to one of our payment gateway providers’ databases, and we do not have access to or retain your credit card information, i.e., your credit card number, expiration date or card security code on our servers.
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
International Users
Our Services are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that our Services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nations.
By using our Services and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Acknowledgement
By using our Site, you declare that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. If you cannot comply with these terms or do not wish to have your personal information processed as described in the Privacy Policy, please do not use or access our Services.
Updates to Partnership to End Addiction’s Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. We suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please find the date of the last revision at the top of this Policy.
Updating Your Information
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to access, update, or correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to access, review, or update your information, please contact us using the contact information below.
Opt-Out
You may choose not to receive mail or email communications from us by emailing us at contact@toendaddiction.org.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. To review, correct and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, please use the contact information below. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Contact Information
If you have questions, concerns or comments about our privacy policies or practices, we would like to know what they are so we can address them. Please contact us at (212) 841.5200 or email us at contact@toendaddiction.org.
Written By
Partnership Staff
Last Updated
September 2020
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!