http://www.paalliance.org/about-this-site/terms-conditions-of-use/
Skip to Content
Homepage
About
Terms & conditions of use
Share
close
contact
History
Statement of intent
Privacy statement
Terms & conditions of use
Philosophy and Ethos
Funding policy
Our Fundraising Promise
Constitution
Editorial team
Contact us
Contact us
How to get in touch
The not so small print - please read
Share
close
Everything you need to know about using this site
By continuing to use this site you have accepted these terms and conditions of use.
Please note: This site and the information contained within should not be used as a replacement for the care you receive from your healthcare provider.
General disclaimer: Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website. The PAPAA logo is a registered trade mark under number 2448757 and cannot be used without our prior permission.Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without PAPAA’s prior written consent.Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Site owner and operatorThis site is operated by the Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Alliance which is also known as PAPAA and is a registered charity in England and Wales No:1118192 and a company limited by guarantee No: 6074887, whose registered office is Acre House, 11-15 William Road, London NW1 3ER.
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern PAPAA's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term 'PAPAA' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
If you need to contact us  we will endeavour to deal with your enquiries in a timely and courteous manner.
The following terms and conditions of use apply:The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Goods and services are for education purposes and include:
information leaflets
magazines
books
training programmes
video content
audio content
images.
From time to time we may include material for promotional and awareness programmes, which may include (please note this list is not exhaustive):
clothing (T-shirts, caps etc.)
pens
pencils
key rings
other similar items.
Prices: The prices of the goods and services are displayed in pounds sterling. Prices are subject to change without notice. PAPAA is not registered for Value Added Tax (VAT), therefore the price listed is the price you pay.
We may from time to time offer discounts or website users’ offers. These will be limited and we may withdraw these without notice.The cost of delivery to addresses in the UK, is included in the prices listed, although we may limit the amount that can be ordered for free items or may despatch these in small packages.We reserve the right to refuse large requests for free items, if we believe these will be used in an inappropriate manner, or is not inline with the philosophy of the charity as listed in our aims and objectives.Payments can be made by cash in person (no liability will be accepted for cash lost in the post), by cheque or credit/debit card or bank transfer or any other secure recognised payment method. We reserve the right to refuse payments for any goods or services.All goods and services must be paid for in advance. All goods remain the property of PAPAA, until cleared funds appear in our accounts. If goods are delivered and subsequently these were found to be obtained using fraudulent methods, PAPAA reserves the right to pursue recovery of the goods or compensation for loss of income.Delivery times: Goods will be despatched within 30 days of the order being processed, most orders if goods are held in stock will be despatched within 2 working days. We will use Royal Mail standard post, unless a request is made otherwise. All different delivery requests may be charged at an extra cost.
Right to cancel: You can cancel your order at any time before you receive the goods, and we will refund the total price including any delivery charges (if applicable). If you do not cancel but refuse delivery this will be treated as a breach of contract.Where goods are lost in transit, we will either send replacement goods or offer a full refund, including any delivery charges (if applicable).Your right to cancel ends seven days after you receive the goods.To understand what data we collect and how we use it:  You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on this website, look for a tick box to indicate that you agree to the terms laid out. See our full privacy statement
Security: We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies: A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to user needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
External links to other websites: Within this website there are links and signposting to other sites. These are being provided as a convenience and for informational purposes only; they do not constitute an endorsement or an approval by PAPAA of any of the products, services or opinions of the corporation or organisation or individual. PAPAA bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of the external site or for that of subsequent links. Contact the external site for answers to questions regarding its content. PAPAA, its trustees, medical advisors and employees cannot be held responsible for any inaccuracies that may occur, nor does PAPAA endorse any products that may appear on this site. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Complaints Procedure:We aim to ensure that:
Making a complaint is as easy as possible
We treat your complaint seriously
We deal with your complaint promptly and in confidence
We learn from complaints and use them to review and improve our service
What is a complaint? A complaint is when you tell us you are not happy about the service we provide. It can be about anything and could include:
When you believe that information is incorrect
When you believe that you have received a poor quality service
When you have a problem with a member of staff
How to make a complaint: If you wish to make a complaint you can contact us in any of the ways listed below.
By contacting us via the methods listed on the contact us page.In person: By appointment at our offices and subject to the complaint not being resolved by the above other methods.Your complaint: Will be fully investigated and a response issued within 10 working days.If you are unhappy:  If you are not satisfied with the response, you can ask for it to be referred to another member of the charity or the chief executive.Site errors: We believe that at the time of uploading all information on this website is correct and we cannot be held responsible for any inaccuracies that may occur, nor do we endorse any products that may appear on this website. If anybody has any reason to believe that the material on this website is inaccurate in anyway please contact us. If you find any errors which are factually, grammatically or typographically incorrect, please let us know and we will make corrections.All opinions expressed herein are of the contributors and not necessarily those of PAPAA.
Site specification: If you are having trouble viewing pages on this site or pages are not working, please let us know.The site is designed to work in most browsers and operating systems, but you might find that if you are running old versions or haven't updated your software recently this might be the cause.
Thank you for reading the site rules and adjunct pages. These terms and condition replace all previous versions and are effective from 1st September 2019.