http://www.lifelinescreening.com/terms-of-service
Terms of ServiceLife Line Screening of America Ltd expressly disclaims all warranties and responsibilities of any kind, whether express or implied, for the accuracy or reliability of the content of any information contained in this Web Site. While we have made a concerted effort to provide you with the best possible information, this website is not a substitute for a visit with your healthcare professional, and any reliance upon or use of this information by you is at your own independent discretion and risk. By using this site you agree to these terms.
Screening Services
Because no screening test can screen for every possible cause of stroke or heart disease, it is possible to have a normal screen with Life Line Screening of America Ltd and still suffer a stroke or heart attack. Specifically, we do not screen the coronary arteries, the arteries surrounding the heart. If you are experiencing symptoms of a heart attack or stroke, SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION IMMEDIATELY. Do not delay, regardless of your Life Line Screening of America Ltd results.
Our screenings do not detect all forms of stroke and do not result in medical diagnosis or replace regular contact and follow-up with your physician.
Insurance
Life Line Screening of America Ltd does not participate in the Medicare program and the cost of our screening services is not covered or reimbursable by Medicare. Life Line Screening of America Ltd does not file insurance claims nor provide referrals to any physician’s group or hospital.
Cancellation Policy
If you are unable to attend the screening for any reason whatsoever, we will issue a gift card for the full amount to be used by you, or anyone you choose, for future screening services.
For Texas Residents
Please note that Texas residents will not receive critical results until doctor reviews.
Physician authorization is required. A Life Line Screening of America Ltd affiliated physician will provide authorization for you if you qualify.
Texas state laws require that we obtain an individual order from a doctor before conducting a screening examination on an individual in Texas. One of our reading physicians who is board certified and licensed in Texas will provide the order for you prior to the screening event after confirming that you meet Life Line Screening of America Ltd's physician approved screening criteria. No action is required on your part.
For Kansas Residents
Screenings in Kansas are performed by Life Line Screening of America, LLC on behalf of Life Line Screening Physicians, P.A.
For NY, NJ and NH Residents
Screenings in New Hampshire, New Jersey and New York are performed by Life Line Medical Screening, LLC (Dr. Andrew Manganaro, 70 Niagara Street, Buffalo, NY 14202). Life Line Screening does not engage in the practice of medicine in those states. This information is not intended to induce referrals by Life Line Screening to Life Line Medical Screening, LLC for any professional medical services.
For California Residents
Screenings in California are provided by Life Line Mobile Screening.