http://www.east.org/privacy-statement
Skip to content
News
Events
Jobs
Shop
Contact
Find a member
Join EAST
Sign in
Search
Home
Education
Membership
Career Management
Research
Development & Fundraising
About EAST
Privacy statement
The Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma (EAST) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the EAST website and governs data collection and usage. By using the EAST website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationEAST collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. EAST also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by EAST. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by EAST for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through EAST public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: EAST does not read any of your private online communications.EAST encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from EAST so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. EAST is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the EAST website.Use of your Personal InformationEAST collects and uses your personal information to operate the EAST website and deliver the services you have requested. EAST also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from EAST. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma keeps track of the pages you visit within the EAST website in order to determine what services are the most popular. EAST will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on EAST or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of EAST; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the EAST site, or the public.Use of CookiesThe EAST website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize EAST pages, a cookie helps EAST to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the EAST website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the EAST website.Security of your Personal InformationEAST secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. EAST secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementEAST will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. EAST encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how EAST is protecting your information.Contact InformationEAST welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that EAST has not adhered to this Statement, please contact EAST at webmaster@east.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Privacy Notice - European Union & United Kingdom ResidentsThis Privacy Notice describes the categories of Personal Data we may collect and process from European Union (“EU”) and United Kingdom (“UK”) residents online and offline, and Personal Data (defined in the notice) we receive about EU and UK residents from third-parties.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding how we will treat your Personal Data. If our policies and practices regarding your Personal Data change, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma
Contact
633 N. Saint Clair Street, Suite 2400
Chicago, IL 60611-3295
(312) 202-5508 phone
(312) 202-5064 fax
managementoffice@east.org
Stay connected to EAST
Support EAST
EAST Development Fund
Designed and developed by Spinutech
© 2020 Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma. All rights reserved. Privacy statement Terms of use