http://www.mhs.net/about/privacy-and-security
Skip to main content
Home
>
About Us
>
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
We take the issue of privacy very seriously and we are working hard to ensure your trust in Memorial Healthcare System and the services we provide on this Web site.
There are several opportunities on our Web site for you to provide us with personal information such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address. If you choose to share any personal information with us, we may store it and use it for marketing and statistical purposes to be used exclusively by Memorial Healthcare System. We do not share your information with any other company; however, as a public institution, we are required by law to disclose public records under Florida Statute chapter 119. Please rest assured, however, we will not share your information with any party for any purpose other than that required by law. Additionally, we use the information you submit to constantly improve the information and services offered by Memorial Healthcare System.
If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy, please e-mail the Webmaster at info@mhs.net. Memorial Healthcare System reserves the right to amend our privacy guidelines from time to time. Accordingly, we recommend you read these privacy guidelines when you choose to visit our site.
See our HIPAA Privacy Notice.
See our IT Security Policies and Videos.
See the Privacy Policy for Foundations.
Call Us
Contact our Centralized Scheduling Department to get a price quote or schedule an appointment.
954-276-5500
In This Section
In This Section
About Us
Our Approach
Leadership and Governance
Finances
Benefits and Eligibility Disclaimer
Privacy and Security
HIPAA Privacy Notice
IT Security Policies and Videos
Privacy Policy for Foundations
Accessibility Statement
Special District Information
Our Commitment to Transparency
Awards
Accreditations and Memberships
Memorial Foundation
Give Back
Vendor Information
In the Community
Broward Guardian
Find a Location
Find a Physician
Login to MyChart
See Clinical Trials
Our patients have the opportunity to participate in clinical trials.
Learn More
News and Patient Stories
Memorial Healthcare System recognized in Modern Healthcare’s Best Places to Work for 2020
Memorial Healthcare System has been selected by Modern Healthcare as one of the 2020 Best Places to Work in Healthcare, a national recognition that identifies outstanding employers in the healthcare industry. Memorial ranked highest in Florida and is the only healthcare system in South Florida to receive this recognition in 2020.
Memorial Cardiac & Vascular Institute Earns Highest Rating from Society of Thoracic Surgeons
The Memorial Cardiac & Vascular Institute (MCVI) has earned three-star ratings for patient care and outcomes from the Society of Thoracic Surgeons (STS) in both isolated aortic valve replacement (AVR) surgery and isolated coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). The designation, which recognizes the highest category of quality, places Memorial among the elite heart surgery programs in the United States and Canada.
Memorial Healthcare System Earns Most Wired Recognition
The College of Healthcare Information Management Executives CHIME has recognized Memorial Healthcare System with its Performance Excellence Award, certifying the healthcare system at a level 9 in the 2020 Digital Health Most Wired program, a ranking that places Memorial above 97% of the more than 30,000 organizations that participated in the annual survey.
Patient- and Family-Centered Care
We treat patients and family members
as partners in healthcare.
Learn More
It matters to you. It matters to us.
Quality and Safety Data for Memorial Healthcare System
Our goal is to provide our patients with the information they need to make informed choices for themselves and their families.
View Quality and Safety
You Have a Right to Know About Prices
We want to give you the information you need to make important healthcare decisions, including the costs of our services.
View Pricing
Memorial Named One of "Florida's Best Companies to Work For"
Memorial has been named to Florida Trend magazine's 2015 list of "Florida's Best Companies to Work For." It's the 7th consecutive year that we have ranked on Florida's Trend's list.
Careers