http://www.capecodhealth.org/about/policies-notices/privacy-policy/
Close
Like most websites, we use cookies and other similar technologies for a number of reasons, such as keeping our website reliable and secure, personalizing content, providing social media features and to better understand how our site is used. By using our site, you are agreeing to our use of these tools. Learn More
Skip to Content
Set Your Location to See Relevant Information
Address, City or ZIP Code
Set My Location
Use My Current Location
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
Your Location is set to: Change My Location
You are here:
Home > About Us > Policies & Notices > Privacy Policy
In this section
Policies & Notices
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Tobacco Free
Privacy Policy
Cape Cod Healthcare’s Internet Privacy Policy
At Cape Cod Healthcare, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our Internet site. We understand that one’s health is often a very personal, private subject, and, accordingly, we are committed to protecting the identities of visitors to our site. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect, how it is used, and what your choices are. Please read this policy carefully.
1. What personal information does Cape Cod Healthcare collect via its Internet site?
You may use most of the Cape Cod Healthcare’s Internet site without providing any personal information.
You may be asked to provide personal information if you choose to complete any of the on-line forms used for volunteering, special events, promotions, appointment requests, or to provide feedback. The information required to complete such forms, however, is noted on the form itself. Additional questions may be included to help us improve the services we offer. If you prefer not to enter your personal information on the site, you have the option of contacting us by telephone.
2. In what ways is the collected information used?
Cape Cod Healthcare currently discloses personal information you provide on and through our Internet site only to process credit card information or as required by law, and has no current plans to make other disclosures of such information.
Requested information on voluntary forms is used to provide the services that you request, such as the mailing of publications; however, Cape Cod Healthcare may occasionally provide statistics to third parties related to the number of visitors who use the site. These statistics do not provide personally identifiable information.
3. Does Cape Cod Healthcare use "Cookies" to collect user information?
Cape Cod Healthcare does use Cookies and other similar technologies.  Examples of information we collect include how often someone visits our site, their activities while on our site, or what online advertisement they clicked to arrive at our site. We use this information taken together to understand how our visitors as a group find and use our different resources. We may also use these tools to personalize your experience on our site. These reports do not contain any personally identifiable information
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse them or to alert you when they are being used.
You can access all of the information on Cape Cod Healthcare’s Internet site without having cookies enabled in your browser.
4. Are there advertisements on Cape Cod Healthcare’s web site?
No.
5. How does Cape Cod Healthcare handle privacy internally?
Cape Cod Healthcare wants your personal information to remain as secure as possible. Accordingly, we prevent unauthorized access by a secure firewall and through our use of a security infrastructure to protect the integrity and privacy of the personal information you provide to us.
6. Cape Cod Healthcare and HIPAA.
Cape Cod Healthcare has developed a set of polices and procedures so as to comply with the requirements established under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). Cape Cod Healthcare has developed a Notice of Privacy Practices, applicable to all of its entities, which describes how those entities may use individually identifiable health information pertaining to the patients they serve. A copy of the notice may be retrieved from Cape Cod Healthcare’s Privacy Office at complianceoffice@capecodhealth.org or online at HIPAA NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
7. To which Internet sites does this policy apply?
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Cape Cod Healthcare Internet site. The Cape Cod Healthcare Internet site does contain links to other sites, so please be aware that this policy does not apply to these linked Internet sites. You should always read the Privacy Policy for these other sites before providing them with any personal or other information.
8. Your Consent.
By using Cape Cod Healthcare’s Web Internet site, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, and our use of the information described above. We may occasionally need to make changes to our Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our Internet site and to address new issues. Changes will be posted here, so please refer to this policy regularly.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at webmaster@capecodhealth.org.
pay a bill
view wait times
estimate cost of care
request medical records
find a job
register today MyChart
Top