http://www.healthyhouseinstitute.com/information/privacy.php
About Us
Media Center & News Room
Cancer Assistance & Relief Effort
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Linking Resources
Advertising Info
Contact Us
© Healthy House Institute LLC.
Privacy Policy
HealthyHouseInstitute.com
Privacy Policy
Our privacy pledge to you: We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer, and we are the sole owner of all information collected on this site.
We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices regarding:
Information we collect and
how we collect it
How your information will
be used
How you can correct your
information
Our e-mail policies
Security and passwords
How to contact us
Information we collect and
how we collect it
Many of the services on our site are offered without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you. You can surf HealthyHouseInstitute.com and view some of our content anonymously. For instance, you can access our articles without giving out any personally identifiable information.
The information we gather on our site falls into two categories: (1) personal information you supply when you subscribe, complete a survey, register for an online discussion, or provide your email address, and (2) tracking information collected as you navigate through our site.
Personally identifiable
information
To use certain features on
our site, we ask you to subscribe or register.
When you do this, we collect personally identifiable information about you such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, user name and password, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. In addition, we may ask you for personal information when you complete a survey. We use this information to help improve our site.
When personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form.
Aggregate information
When you use our site, we may collect tracking information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, and pages visited on the site. None of this information identifies you personally; we collect it for aggregate reporting on site activity. For example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on our site, or which pages or features get the most attention. We use this information to make the site more useful to you.
We use "cookies" to
store and sometimes to track user information.
Cookies, by themselves, do
not tell us e-mail address or other personally identifiable information
unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering or
subscribing to our site. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your
browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie contains
a unique number that allows our site to recognize your computer. For
example, cookies allow us to keep track of your user name and password (if you
are a subscriber) so you don't have to re-enter that information each time you
visit our site. The help function on most browsers contains information on how
to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies
entirely. However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to take
advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
How your information will be
used
Our primary goal in
collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when
visiting our site and to make our site more useful to you.
HealthyHouseInstitute.com uses
personally identifiable information in a limited number of ways. We
use the information to fulfill requests for our services.  For instance, if
you subscribe to our newsletter or if you contact us for help, we use your
information to contact you. We also use the information you provide to send you e-mail
and mail only for HealthyHouseInstitute.com programs or services that we believe
may be of interest to you.
Sharing your personally
identifiable information
If you have an online
subscription to HealthyHouseInstitute.com's newsletter, or have entered your
personal information in some other context, HealthyHouseInstitute.com will
not sell, rent, swap, or authorize any third party to use any information that specifically
identifies you.
In some instances, we use
third party companies to help us provide our programs and services to you,
like an e-mail delivery service that sends out our e-mails and e-newsletters. In
those instances we need to share your information with them. We require that those
companies use the information only to deliver the product or service.
We may occasionally release
personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a
court order or subpoena.
How you can correct your
information
HealthyHouseInstitute.com believes in providing you with the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us
To update your information on HHI and/or for any other requests, write to us at:
Allen P. Rathey
HealthyHouseInstitute.com
3355 N Five Mile Rd.
Boise, ID 83713-3925
Our e-mail policies
Account and services related
e-mail: We will send you e-mails relating to your account.
If you have registered for online
discussions you may receive emails specific to your
participation online.
Email newsletters: We offer
an e-mail newsletter. If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter,
you can follow the 'unsubscribe' instructions located near the bottom of each
newsletter.
Promotional e-mails: We may
also e-mail you messages that we think may be of interest to you about
other HealthyHouseInstitute.com programs and services.
You can choose not to receive
additional types of messages in the future by following the
'unsubscribe' instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail.
Security and passwords
We strive to maintain a
secure process to collect, transmit and store your personally identifiable
information.
We urge you to keep your
password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone.
Also remember to sign off
your account and close your browser window when you have finished your
visit. This ensures that others cannot access your account, especially  if you
are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public
place such as a library or Internet cafe.
This policy was last revised Monday, May 24th, 2013
How to contact us
Allen P. Rathey
The Healthy House Institute®
13998 West Hartford Dr
Boise, ID 83713
Voice 1 (208) 724-1508
Media Mentions
CDC, WebMD, New York Times
The Healthy House Institute® (HHI) provides consumers information to make their homes healthier. HHI strives to be the most comprehensive educational resource available for creating healthier homes.