http://www.audiologyonline.com/general/terms-and-conditions
Copyright © 2020 AudiologyOnline - All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
AudiologyOnline (the “Site”) provides online continuing education (CE) courses, transcript management and career resource services as a subscription-based membership. The Site will maintain an ongoing CE course library with discipline-specific content for the primary purpose of meeting CE requirements necessary for professional certification and/or state licensure. This course library may be updated and/or modified during your membership. The Site may remove a CE course from the library at any time, for any reason, without notice to you. While the Site will make all reasonable efforts to offer CE credit for its courses, www.audiologyonline.com is not responsible for state or national or regulatory changes in CE requirements that may make courses ineligible for CE credits.The Site will keep a record of your CE courses. This includes all complete, incomplete and pending coursework. When applicable, transcript services may include reporting to professional associations and/or state licensure boards. Refer to the Help section of this website for specific information regarding CE reporting procedures and a listing of specific reporting agencies.The Site also provides a career center resource that allows registered users to apply for jobs and participate in a resume and/or cover letter database for prospective third party employers via a Professional Network. Career center registered users may elect to participate in a CareerMail program, providing email alerts that match users work preferences. For additional information on the Professional Network and the CareerMail program refer to the Privacy Policy section of the Site.AudiologyOnline shall make all reasonable efforts to maintain the CE course library and display its courses for use twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week, subject to scheduled downtime for maintenance and system outages beyond the Site’s control.AudiologyOnline will assist you as needed with CE course and transcript access, use of the CE course library or any other issue relating to site usage, via online chat, email (help@audiologyonline.com) and a toll-free (1-800-753-2160) Help Desk Monday through Friday, excluding holidays, with extended business hours 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time. If routine system maintenance is required on the Site, we provide a minimum of three (3) days notice regarding the outage (if applicable).This Site and Content (as defined below) are owned by AudiologyOnline, Inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”) and our licensors. By using the Site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all Terms and Conditions, do not use the Site. We may change the Terms and Conditions at any time without notice, and any changes will be included in the Terms and Conditions posted on The Site. Please check the Terms and Conditions for changes. Your continued use of The Site after the Terms and Conditions have been changed constitutes your acceptance of such changes.The Site is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older, and reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with us and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use The Site.Nondiscrimination Policy: Our Commitment to Valuing DiversityEqual Opportunity and AccessibilityAccessing the Site and Account SecurityThe Site Does Not Provide Medical or Audiology AdviceUse of ContentYou Use the Site and the Content at Your Own RiskCourse/Content SubmissionsPublic AreasCopyrightAdvertisements and Links to Other SitesCareer Center PoliciesIndemnityJurisdictionWaiver and SeverabilityPayments, Taxes, and Refund PolicyYour Membership Will Automatically RenewCancelling your CEU Total Access MembershipComplete AgreementContact UsNondiscrimination Policy: Our Commitment to Valuing DiversityIt is the policy of AudiologyOnline to create and maintain a rich online learning environment that values diversity, respects human dignity, is hospitable, equitable, and tolerant, and in which all persons are free from all forms of discrimination or discriminatory harassment.In order to assure all users an appropriate learning environment, AudiologyOnline:Challenges and requests its presenters, users and administration to promote a hospitable and equitable learning environment for all persons;Asserts that tolerance for diversity shall be the norm for behavior on the part of all who are present; andDiscourages the use of derogatory or disparaging language and other forms of expression and, particularly, disapproves of those who insult persons on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, age, socioeconomic status, disability, or veteran status.Equal Opportunity and AccessibilityAudiologyOnline is committed to ensuring accessibility to the widest possible audience. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone. If you have questions, requests, or would like to report an accessibility-related issue, please email accessibility@continued.com. We will review your request and respond in a timely manner.Accessing the Site and Account SecurityWe reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Site, and any service or material we provide on the Site, at our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason if all or any part of the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Site, or the entire Site, to users, including registered users.You are responsible for:Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Site.Ensuring that all persons who access the Site through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and Conditions and comply with them.To access the Site or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Site that all the information you provide on the Site is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with the Website or otherwise, including but not limited to the use of any interactive features on the Site, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the Site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms and Conditions.The Site Does Not Provide Medical or Audiology AdviceThe Site and its content, such as text, graphics, images, software, video, and any other material and all patent, copyright, trademark, trade dress, domain name, trade secret and other proprietary rights relating thereto (collectively the "Content") are owned by us or our licensors, and are for your informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Site. Internet sites cannot and do not provide personal advice. The opinions expressed are for informational purposes only and are not to be considered by you, or anyone, as appropriate or professional, or diagnostic of your condition or situation. We strongly urge you to personally speak with your physician or other licensed healthcare practitioner to determine if and how the information on the Site pertains to you, if at all.Call your doctor or 911 immediately for all medical emergencies. AudiologyOnline does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information found on the Site. Use of the Site is solely at your own risk.Use of ContentAudiologyOnline course sponsorship does not necessarily imply endorsement of course content, specific products, or specific procedures. Any views that are presented are those of the presenter and/or author and not necessarily AudiologyOnline. It is the responsibility of the presenters and authors to provide adequate authority and reference to support any claims made, and it is the responsibility of participants to critically evaluate the evidence from multiple sources to guide professional practice.AudiologyOnline authorizes all members to view or download Content on the Site solely for individual/personal use only. All other reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written consent from AudiologyOnline.All Content on the Site is protected by intellectual property laws under USA and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with AudiologyOnline or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted herein is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate applicable intellectual property and other laws. Content and written features on the Site may change without notice. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by AudiologyOnline and its licensors.You acquire no ownership rights in the Content by downloading copyrighted material.You Use the Site and the Content at Your Own RiskWhen using the Site, information is transmitted over a medium (the internet) which is beyond the control and jurisdiction of AudiologyOnline and its suppliers, partners, presenters, authors and content providers. Accordingly, AudiologyOnline and its suppliers, partners, presenters, authors and content providers assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site. We do not make warranties or representations regarding the security of the Site, the Content or Submissions (as defined below). Data sent over the internet may be intercepted by third parties; if you are concerned about the security of your data, you should not send it over the internet. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user ID and password that was assigned by us, and you are responsible for all uses of them, regardless of whether the uses were authorized by you.You may not assign or delegate your rights or obligations pursuant to your membership, including but not limited to your login information, without the prior written consent from AudiologyOnline, provided that such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. AudiologyOnline may freely assign or transfer any or all of its rights under these Terms and Conditions to an affiliate, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets. Any assignment or delegation in violation of this section shall be void.WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.THE SITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT USE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS TO ENSURE THAT ANY CONTENT YOU OBTAIN IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR ANY OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.IN NO EVENT SHALL AudiologyOnline, ITS LICENSORS, ITS SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS, PRESENTERS, AUTHORS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, PERSONAL INJURY OR WRONGFUL DEATH, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT AudiologyOnline IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY (AND THAT OF OUR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS) UNDER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, OR ANY MATTER RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ANY CLAIM OR ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, OR WARRANTY) SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) AND THAT AMOUNT SHALL BE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER REMEDIES WHICH YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US AND ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES.Course/Content SubmissionsYou agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Site (“Submissions”) that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting Submissions to any part of the Site, you agree that you have the right to submit the Submission, and such Submission is non-confidential for all purposes. If you make any such Submission, you represent and warrant that you are the owner of the Submission or you otherwise have permission to make the Submission, and you grant to AudiologyOnline, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the Submission in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed on the Site or other sites owned by continued.com, LLC.Public AreasIf you use one of the areas of the Site that permit you and others to post communications, such as course ratings and evaluations, discussion forums, social media postings, user profiles, professional network and live events/classroom messaging (“Public Areas”), you are solely responsible for your own Submissions, the consequences of posting those Submissions, and your reliance on any communications found in the Public Areas. AudiologyOnline is not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately.In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas and submit Submissions, you agree that your failure to comply with any of the following will constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions: you will not use a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws; you will not post material that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; you will not post material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity; you will not post advertisements or solicitations of business or post chain letters or pyramid schemes; you will not impersonate others, distribute viruses or other harmful computer code, or harvest or otherwise collect information about others (including email addresses, without their consent); you will not allow other persons or entities to use your identification for posting or viewing comments; you will not post the same note more than once or engage in any form of “spamming”; and you will not engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Site.You acknowledge that we do not ordinarily monitor Submissions or the Public Area, and we reserve the right to refuse to accept or to remove any Submission that is, in our sole discretion, unacceptable, and to disclose Submissions to law enforcement agencies or authorities who may investigate reports of misuse or abuse of the Site or the Content.CopyrightWe respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;Your address, telephone number, and email address;A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Our Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site can be reached by directing an e-mail to the Site Editor at Editorial@audiologyonline.com, or by letter sent postage prepaid to AudiologyOnline, LLC, 12333 Sowden Rd Ste. B. #79931 Houston, TX 77080-2059, Attention: Editorial Dept.Advertisements and Links to Other SitesAudiologyOnline does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. AudiologyOnline cannot be and is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Site, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites.Career Center PoliciesThe Site provides a career center that allows third party employers to post jobs that users of the Site may see and/or respond. Once a job is posted, third party employers are able to edit or expire positions prior to the set expiration date. The site does not issue any pro-rated refunds or issue credit to an account for unused posting time.Third party employers are solely responsible for their respective job postings. This Site is not an employer and is not responsible for any employment decisions made by any entity posting jobs on the Site.If third party employers cancel an account or an account is terminated, all account information, including saved resumes, network contacts, and favorites, will be removed from the Site, though the information may continue to be available for some period of time due to delays in the removal request. Account information may continue to reside in the administration database only.Third party employers may not use any hyperlinks, misleading, unreadable, hidden, or repeated keywords in job postings. Third party employers also may not require citizenship of any particular country or lawful permanent residence in a country as a condition of employment, unless otherwise required in order to comply with law, regulations, federal, state, local government contract, or similar. Third party employers further agree and acknowledge that they are responsible for posting jobs that represent bona fide employment and for complying with all other laws and regulations that apply to the job postings.IndemnityBy using the Site, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold AudiologyOnline, its suppliers and licensors, and their respective officers, directors, authors, presenters, employees, contributors, agents, licensors, corporate partners, advisors and advisory board, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, the Submissions, job postings, and/or any use of or problem related to the Site or its Content.JurisdictionThese Terms and Conditions and all transactions contemplated by these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the state of Ohio, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Each party agrees that a substantial portion of the anticipated performance of these Terms and Conditions occurred or shall occur in Hamilton County, Ohio. Any civil action or legal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be brought in the courts of record of the State of Ohio in Hamilton County. Each party consents to the jurisdiction of such court in any such civil action or legal proceeding in such court. Service of any court paper may be affected on such party by mail or in such other manner as may be provided under applicable laws, rules of procedure or local rules.Except for claims arising from your misuse of the Site or the Content, or claims arising from the Submissions, you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site, the Content or these Terms and Conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.Waiver and SeverabilityOur waiver of any term or condition set forth in these Terms and Conditions shall not be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and our failure to assert a right or provision under these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms and Conditions will continue in full force and effect.Payments, Taxes, and Refund PolicyAudiologyOnline accepts these forms of payment: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover credit cards. Billing occurs at the time of or shortly after your transaction.You agree that you will pay for all products and services you purchase through AudiologyOnline, and that AudiologyOnline may charge your credit card for any products and services purchased through the Site and for any additional amounts (including any taxes and late fees, as applicable) that may be accrued by or in connection with your purchases. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TIMELY PAYMENT OF ALL FEES AND FOR PROVIDING AudiologyOnline WITH A VALID CREDIT CARD FOR PAYMENT OF ALL FEES. All fees will be billed to the credit card account you designate during the registration process. If you want to designate a different credit card or if there is a change in your credit card account status, you must change your information online in the Member Profile section of AudiologyOnline.Your total price will include the price of the products and services purchased plus any applicable sales tax; such sales tax is based on the bill-to address and the sales tax rate in effect at the time you download the products and services. We will charge tax only in states where digital goods are taxable. All currencies denoted are in USD.Your Membership Will Automatically RenewYour membership in AudiologyOnline will automatically be renewed at the end of the membership term unless: (1) you request to turn off the auto-renew feature prior to the expiration date of your then existing membership; or (2) you request a cancellation within thirty (30) days from the date your renewal payment has been accepted and processed (in which case you will receive a full refund of the renewal payment). NO REFUND will be given, in whole or in part, if you request a cancellation more than thirty (30) days after your renewal payment has been accepted and processed or if you have utilized services within the current renewal period. Your access to the membership-based features will continue only for the remainder of the renewed membership term. To cancel your membership renewal, please contact us through the “Contact Us” page or by phone.Prices for products and services offered by AudiologyOnline may change at any time. AudiologyOnline does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering.Cancelling your AudiologyOnline MembershipYou may cancel your membership, effective the next billing cycle, by contacting our Customer Service Department via telephone at 800-753-2160.Complete AgreementExcept as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the Site, these Terms and Conditions and the Site’s then-current Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, constitute the entire agreement between you and AudiologyOnline.Contact UsIf you have Site questions, comments, or concerns, please email webmaster@AudiologyOnline. Please include details of your questions, comments or concerns and your complete name and contact information.© AudiologyOnline, Inc. All rights reserved.