https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/pilates-and-yoga-health-benefits
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Complementary and alternative care
Home
Conditions and treatments
Complementary and alternative care
Pilates and yoga - health benefits
Pilates and yoga - health benefits
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Complementary and alternative care
Complementary and alternative care - Body movement and massage
Summary
See your doctor for a check-up to assess your fitness level before taking up a new exercise program.Pilates is a safe and effective method of rehabilitation and exercise that focuses on muscular balance.Yoga is an ancient practice that incorporates gentle exercise, breath control and meditation.The health benefits of regular yoga practice may include lowering blood pressure, improved posture and circulation, and a sense of wellbeing.Find a properly trained and qualified instructor of yoga or Pilates.
Pilates (or the Pilates method) is a series of about 500 exercises inspired by calisthenics, yoga and ballet. Pilates lengthens and stretches all the major muscle groups in the body in a balanced fashion. It improves flexibility, strength, balance and body awareness.
Yoga brings the body and mind together and is built on three main elements – exercise, breathing and meditation. Both yoga and Pilates improve muscular and postural strength.
Always consult your doctor before embarking on any new fitness program, especially if you have a pre-existing medical condition or have not exercised in a long time.
Pilates explained
In the 1920s, physical trainer Joseph Pilates introduced Pilates into America as a way to help injured athletes and dancers safely return to exercise and maintain their fitness. Since then, Pilates has been adapted to suit people in the general community.
Pilates can be an aerobic and non-aerobic form of exercise. It requires concentration and focus, because you move your body through precise ranges of motion. Pilates lengthens and stretches all the major muscle groups in your body in a balanced fashion. It requires concentration in finding a centre point to control your body through movement. Each exercise has a prescribed placement, rhythm and breathing pattern.
In Pilates, your muscles are never worked to exhaustion, so there is no sweating or straining, just intense concentration. The workout consists of a variety of exercise sequences that are performed in low repetitions, usually five to ten times, over a session of 45 to 90 minutes. Mat work and specialised equipment for resistance are used.
The Pilates method is taught to suit each person and exercises are regularly re-evaluated to ensure they are appropriate for that person. Due to the individual attention, this method can suit everybody from elite athletes to people with limited mobility, pregnant women and people with low fitness levels.
Classes are held in specialised Pilates studios, physiotherapy clinics or at your local leisure facility or community centre.
Health benefits of Pilates
The health benefits of Pilates include:
improved flexibility
increased muscle strength and tone, particularly of your abdominal muscles, lower back, hips and buttocks (the ‘core muscles’ of your body)
balanced muscular strength on both sides of your body
enhanced muscular control of your back and limbs
improved stabilisation of your spine
improved posture
rehabilitation or prevention of injuries related to muscle imbalances
improved physical coordination and balance
relaxation of your shoulders, neck and upper back
safe rehabilitation of joint and spinal injuries
prevention of musculoskeletal injuries
increased lung capacity and circulation through deep breathing
improved concentration
increased body awareness
stress management and relaxation.
Pilates suitable for everyone
Pilates caters for everyone, from beginner to advanced. You can perform exercises using your own body weight, or with the help of various pieces of equipment.
A typical Pilates workout includes a number of exercises and stretches. Each exercise is performed with attention to proper breathing techniques and abdominal muscle control. To gain the maximum benefit, you should do Pilates at least two or three times per week. You may notice postural improvements after 10 to 20 sessions.
Pilates and challenging your body
Pilates is partly inspired by yoga, but is different in one key respect – yoga is made up of a series of static postures, while Pilates is based on putting yourself into unstable postures and challenging your body by moving your limbs.
For instance, imagine you are lying on your back, with bent knees and both feet on the floor. A Pilates exercise may involve straightening one leg so that your toes point to the ceiling, and using the other leg to slowly raise and lower your body. You need tight abdominal and buttock muscles to keep your hips square, and focused attention to stop yourself from tipping over.
Types of Pilates
The two basic forms of Pilates are:
Mat-based Pilates – this is a series of exercises performed on the floor using gravity and your own body weight to provide resistance. The main aim is to condition the deeper, supporting muscles of your body to improve posture, balance and coordination
Equipment-based Pilates – this includes specific equipment that works against spring-loaded resistance, including the ‘reformer’, which is a moveable carriage that you push and pull along its tracks. Some forms of Pilates include weights (such as dumbbells) and other types of small equipment that offer resistance to the muscles.
Quality in a Pilates workout
Pilates consists of moving through a slow, sustained series of exercises using abdominal control and proper breathing. The quality of each posture is more important than the number of repetitions or how energetically you can move.
Books and videotapes are available, but seek instruction from a qualified Pilates teacher or Pilates-trained physiotherapist to get the best results.
Pilates and general precautions
Although Pilates is a low-impact form of exercise, certain people should seek medical advice before embarking on a new program, including:
people who have recently had surgery
pregnant women
people aged 40 years or more
people with a pre-existing medical condition such as heart disease
people with pre-existing musculoskeletal injuries or disorders
anyone who has not exercised for a long time
people who are very overweight or obese.
Yoga explained
Yoga is an ancient Indian philosophy that dates back thousands of years. It was designed as a path to spiritual enlightenment, but in modern times, the physical aspects of Hatha yoga have found huge popularity as a gentle form of exercise and stress management. There are many different varieties of yoga, but each one essentially relies on structured poses (asanas) practiced with breath awareness.
Researchers have discovered that the regular practice of yoga may produce many health benefits, including increased fitness and normalisation of blood pressure. Yoga is a renowned antidote to stress. Over time, yoga practitioners report lower levels of stress, and increased feelings of happiness and wellbeing. This is because concentrating on the postures and the breath acts as a form of meditation.
The classical techniques of yoga date back more than 5,000 years. The practice of yoga encourages effort, intelligence, accuracy, thoroughness, commitment and dedication. The word yoga means ‘to join or yoke together’. It brings your body and mind together, and is built on three main elements – exercise, breathing and meditation.
The exercises of yoga are designed to put pressure on the glandular systems of your body, increasing your body’s efficiency and total health. Breathing techniques increase breath control to improve the health and function of body and mind.
The two systems of exercise and breathing prepare the body and mind for meditation, with an approach to a quiet mind that allows silence and healing from everyday stress. When practiced regularly, yoga can become a powerful and sophisticated discipline for achieving physical, mental and emotional wellbeing.
Types of yoga
There are many different varieties of yoga, each with a slightly different slant. The most popular are Hatha, Bikram, Iyengar and Vinyasa yoga.
Asanas or yoga postures
Each yoga posture, or asana, is held for a period of time and linked with breathing. Generally, a yoga session begins with gentle asanas and works up to more vigorous or challenging postures. A full yoga session should exercise every part of your body and should include pranayama (breath control practices), relaxation and meditation.
The different postures or asanas include:
lying postures
sitting postures
standing postures
inverted or upside-down postures.
Health benefits of yoga
The practice of yoga asanas develops strength and flexibility, while soothing your nerves and calming your mind. The asanas affect the muscles, joints and skin, and the whole body – glands, nerves, internal organs, bones, respiration and the brain. The physical building blocks of yoga are the posture and the breath.
Health benefits of yoga include:
Cardiovascular system (heart and arteries) – asanas are isometric, which means they rely on holding muscle tension for a short period of time. This improves cardiovascular fitness and circulation. Studies show that regular yoga practice may help normalise blood pressure.
Digestive system – improved blood circulation and the massaging effect of surrounding muscles speeds up a sluggish digestion.
Musculoskeletal – joints are moved through their full range of motion, which encourages mobility and eases pressure. The gentle stretching releases muscle and joint tension, and stiffness, and also increases flexibility. Maintaining many of the asanas encourages strength and endurance. Weight-bearing asanas may help prevent osteoporosis, and may also help people already diagnosed with osteoporosis (if practiced with care under the supervision of a qualified yoga teacher). Long-term benefits include reduced back pain and improved posture.
Nervous system – improved blood circulation, easing of muscle tension and the act of focusing the mind on the breath all combine to soothe the nervous system. Long-term benefits include reduced stress, anxiety and fatigue, better concentration and energy levels, and increased feelings of calm and wellbeing.
Yoga for people of different ages
Yoga is taught in classes, catering for beginners through to advanced practitioners. It is non-competitive and suitable for anyone, regardless of your age or fitness level. Your yoga teacher should carefully guide and observe you, and modify postures when necessary.
An asana should never cause pain. If it hurts, ease back on the stretch or don’t do it at all. It is important to keep within your physical limits.
If you are over 40, haven’t exercised for a long time or have a pre-existing medical condition, you should check with your doctor before starting any regular exercise routine.
Pre-exercise screening is used to identify people with medical conditions that may put them at a higher risk of experiencing a health problem during physical activity. It is a filter or ‘safety net’ to help decide if the potential benefits of exercise outweigh the risks for you.
Yoga classes usually have 10 to 20 people, allowing for individual attention. Suggestions for getting the most out of your yoga class include:
Wear comfortable clothes and take a blanket or mat, since many poses are performed sitting or lying down.
Allow at least three or four hours since your last meal.
Always tell your yoga teacher if you have a specific complaint, so they can advise against any asanas that may aggravate your problem.
Always tell your yoga teacher if you are pregnant, have had a recent injury, illness, surgery, high blood pressure, heart problems or osteoporosis.
Don’t talk during the class because it will disturb your own quiet focus and that of others in the class.
Where to get help
Your local council
Physiotherapy clinic, local leisure facility or community centre
Pilates studio
Yoga studio
A qualified yoga or Pilates teacher
A Pilates-trained physiotherapist
Smartplay Tel. (03) 9674 8777
Australian Pilates Method Association Tel. (03) 9718 1881
References
About Pilates, Physical Activity Australia. More information here.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Complementary and alternative care
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Safe use of complementary therapies
Alternative systems and therapies
Body movement and massage
Mind body practices
Herbs and supplements
Safe use of complementary therapies
Complementary medicines - tell your healthcare professionals
Tell your healthcare professionals about all medicines you take, including complementary medicines...
Complementary medicines - the risks of buying online
Purchasing complementary medicines online can seem attractive. Countless sites on the Internet offer a range of treatments, usually at very cheap prices. However, using products bought from online...
Complementary therapies
Complementary therapies aim to treat the whole person, not just the symptoms of disease...
Complementary therapies - choosing a practitioner
When choosing a complementary therapist, think about your goals and ask your medical doctor for a recommendation...
Complementary therapies - safety and legal issues
Complementary therapies are not always safer than conventional medical treatments, even if they seem more 'natural'...
Medicines and side effects
Complementary medicines can interact with pharmaceutical medicines...
Seeing a complementary health practitioner
It is important that you tell your doctor about any complementary medicine products and therapies you are using...
Alternative systems and therapies
Acupuncture
Acupuncture is part of traditional Chinese medicine and consists of inserting fine needles into specific points on the skin...
Ayurveda
Ayurveda is an ancient healing system from India that uses a range of techniques to treat illness and encourage wellbeing...
Chinese herbal medicine
The principles of Traditional Chinese Medicine are very different from traditional Western notions about health, illness and the workings of the body...
Chiropractic
Chiropractic treatment can be clinically effective for many problems of the skeleton and muscles, such as back pain and headache...
Complementary therapies
Complementary therapies aim to treat the whole person, not just the symptoms of disease...
Herbal medicine
Some herbs have potent ingredients and should be treated with the same care and respect as pharmaceutical drugs...
Homeopathy
Homeopathy is a form of alternative medicine that claims to stimulate and strengthen the body?s ability to heal itself...
Kambo
Kambo is a poison used as a traditional medicine in purging or cleansing rituals. There is a risk of serious adverse reactions, especially if kambo enters the blood stream...
Kinesiology
Kinesiology uses muscle monitoring to look at imbalances that may be causing disease in the body...
Menopause and complementary therapies
The use of complementary therapies to manage menopausal symptoms is popular, but the sources of information available to consumers are of variable quality and reliability...
Naturopathy
Naturopathy uses a range of treatments to stimulate your body's own healing powers...
Osteopathy
Osteopathy recognises the importance of the musculoskeletal system to a person?s health and wellbeing...
Reflexology
Reflexology is massage of the feet that aims to promote healing in other areas of the body...
Reiki
Reiki is a natural form of therapy that uses non-invasive gentle touch to promote feelings of wellbeing...
Body movement and massage
Alexander technique
The Alexander technique stresses that movement should be economical and needs only the minimum amount of energy and effort...
Bowen therapy
Bowen is a holistic remedial body technique that works on the soft connective tissue (fascia) of the body. Bowen therapy can be used to treat musculoskeletal or related neurological problems including...
Massage
One of the immediate benefits of massage is a feeling of deep relaxation and calm...
Myotherapy
Myotherapy is a form of physical therapy used to treat or prevent soft tissue pain and restricted joint movement...
Qi gong (video)
For centuries, Eastern cultures have practised various forms of stress reducing exercises, such as yoga and tai chi, but here's one that you may not have heard about - Qi gong...
Mind body practices
Hypnosis
You can't be hypnotised into doing things against your will or forced into a hypnotic state...
Meditation
Meditation techniques can promote a sense of calm and heightened awareness...
Qi gong (video)
For centuries, Eastern cultures have practised various forms of stress reducing exercises, such as yoga and tai chi, but here's one that you may not have heard about - Qi gong...
Tai chi - health benefits
People of all ages and fitness levels can practice tai chi and may gain health benefits...
Herbs and supplements
Aromatherapy
The different smells and chemical constituents of aromatherapy oils can produce different emotional and physiological reactions...
Chinese herbal medicine
The principles of Traditional Chinese Medicine are very different from traditional Western notions about health, illness and the workings of the body...
Complementary medicines - tell your healthcare professionals
Tell your healthcare professionals about all medicines you take, including complementary medicines...
Complementary medicines - the risks of buying online
Purchasing complementary medicines online can seem attractive. Countless sites on the Internet offer a range of treatments, usually at very cheap prices. However, using products bought from online...
Kambo
Kambo is a poison used as a traditional medicine in purging or cleansing rituals. There is a risk of serious adverse reactions, especially if kambo enters the blood stream...
Vitamin and mineral supplements
Taking vitamin supplements is no substitute for a healthy diet...
Vitamins - common misconceptions
There is no evidence that any one vitamin can slow ageing, restore sex drive or cure infertility...
Related Information
Complementary and alternative care
Always tell your doctor when using complementary and alternative therapies. Find out more about effectiveness, safety and legal issues...
Healthy mind
Mood, healthy thinking, body image, relaxation, relationships and getting help...
Alexander technique
The Alexander technique stresses that movement should be economical and needs only the minimum amount of energy and effort...
Aromatherapy
The different smells and chemical constituents of aromatherapy oils can produce different emotional and physiological reactions...
Meditation
Meditation techniques can promote a sense of calm and heightened awareness...
Home
Related information on other websites
Australian Pilates Method Association
Fitness Australia – Adult pre-exercise screening system
International Yoga Teachers Association..
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Smartplay
Last updated:
July 2013
Page content currently being reviewed.
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Recent Activity
7 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 30 Jul 2013
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/pilates-and-yoga-health-benefits
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top