https://www.sfsm.edu/privacy-policy/
Get Info
Fill out the form below and someone will be in touch with you soon. First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
CommentsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
415-474-4600
Request Info
Home
Massage Program
Workshops
Calendar
Mornings
Days
Evenings
Weekends
Part-Time Days
About the School
Instructors
Contact and Location
Catalog
Open House
Testimonials
Practicing Graduates
Professional Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Request a Transcript
Student Clinic
Blog
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy communicates how the San Francisco School of Massage and Bodywork, collects, uses and protects information provided to the school when using our website.
The San Francisco School of Massage and Bodywork is committed to protecting your privacy. Any information about you collected through this website will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
The San Francisco School of Massage and Bodywork reserves the right to update this policy as needed. Any changes to this policy will be immediately posted to this page. You are invited to bookmark and check this page periodically to ensure that no changes have been made to our policy that you are uncomfortable with. If you find a change to the policy disagreeable, please contact us to resolve the issue.
DATA COLLECTION
We collect the following personal information;
First and last name
Contact information including email address and phone number
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR DATA
We collect and maintain this information in order to respond to your requests for information about our school and massage therapy training program. We use the information as follows:
Managing contacts and internal records
Improving products or services offered
Occasionally contact you about upcoming programs, workshops, or events of interest. An easy opt-out option is provided in that communication should you not wish to be contacted in this way again.
PROTECTING YOUR DATA
The San Francisco School of Massage and Bodywork is committed to ensuring that all of your private information is secure. We have put both physical and electronic systems as well as internal information management procedures into place to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of your private data to anyone but agents of the school acting to complete your information request. We will never sell, exchange or otherwise transfer your private information to any other organization, company, or third party.
SFSM.EDU DOES NOT USE COOKIES:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive to allow website services to be customized to you as a user. The San Francisco School of Massage and Bodywork respects your internet privacy and does not engage in the practice of utilizing cookies.
Massage Therapist Program
Our 600-hr Massage Therapist Program covers a variety of massage and bodywork modalities all in one place.
Learn More
CEWorkshops
Ready to learn something new or work on perfecting your craft? Take one of our continuing education courses.
Learn More
StudentMassage Clinic
Visit our student clinic to experience what our students are learning and get a relaxing massage.
Learn More
LOCATION
SF SCHOOL OF MASSAGE & BODYWORK
School Campus
475 Valencia Street - 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
SFSM Student Massage Clinic
Located @ 16th Street campus
2973 16th Street, Ste 100 - Ground Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
Home
Massage Therapist Program
Workshops
About the School
Student Clinic
Blog
Location & Directions
BPPE Requirements
San Francisco School of Massage & Bodywork
School Campus
475 Valencia Street – 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
415-474-4600
Student Clinic
– Located at the 16th Street Campus
2973 16th St., Ste 100 – Ground Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
415-660-7727
Copyright ©2017 San Francisco School of Massage & Bodywork, All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy