http://www.ncsf.org/privacy-policy
Chat
Promotions
Military Personnel
Payment Plan
Sample Exams
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies. Learn moreX
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
NCSF, Inc values you as a customer and respects your privacy. Our goal is to make your visits to our web site fun and informative, convenient and secure. We will only collect, store and use your personal information for defined purposes. We use your information to support and enhance our relationship with you, for example, to process your purchase, provide service and support, to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. We are committed to managing this information responsibly and ensuring that you are in control of your personal information and the communications you receive from us.
We do not sell your personal information. At any time you may contact NCSF, Inc with any privacy questions or concerns you may have. You also may ask at any time to see the personal data you have given us and request correction or deletion.
The Information We Collect
We collect information from you that you provide to us at this site when you register or update an account, place an order, signup for free trial, or download any samples, demos or software, request a newsletter, contact us by email, or request other services that require information. This information may include your company name, company information, your name, address, email address, telephone number and personal interests. We also keep a record of your product interests and purchases, and automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser (including your IP address, www.NCSF.org cookie information, and the page you requested).
The Way We Use Information
NCSF, Inc uses customer information for three general purposes: to customize the content you see on our sites; to fulfill your orders & requests for certain products and services; and to contact you about new products and services, special events and promotions. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. NCSF, Inc will not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, except when you register your IP Address as the authentication token when accessing our web services.
Your should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our web site, the site or the public.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above and will never sell or distribute any information to outside parties.
How You Can Access, Change or Delete Your Information
You may, at any time, access and verify, correct, update or remove your personal information and preferences on-line at www.NCSF.org and/or by contacting us by email at info@NCSF.org. In addition, if you prefer not to receive information from us, either through e-mail, postal mail or phone, please let us know by sending us an email. Please note that it may take up to two weeks for your request to become effective. Thereafter, when you make purchases, we may still send you an e-mail confirmation and may need to contact you by phone, postal mail or e-mail if we have questions regarding your order.
General Browsing
NCSF, Inc gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site (such as time to connect to our web site, time to download pages). This information allows us to see which area of NCSF, Inc are most visited and helps us to better design our website. This information helps us to improve the quality of our visitors' online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. In the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. browser version, service provider, domain type and IP address) may be collected.
Use of Cookies
A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies permit us to track and target the interests of our users in order to make our site more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. In addition, NCSF, Inc uses cookies to help keep track of the items you put into your shopping cart and to tell us whether you have previously visited our web site.
NCSF, Inc never saves passwords or credit card information in cookies.
Links
For your convenience, our web site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Applicability of Privacy Statement
This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online at NCSF, Inc.
Data Security
NCSF, Inc takes the security of your private information very seriously. Your NCSF account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. NCSF will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information. Remember to sign out of your NCSF account and close your browser window when you have completed your shopping to help ensure that others cannot access your personal information.
In addition, when you submit sensitive information via this web site, such as password or credit card information, that information is encrypted and protected by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.
If at any time you believe the security of your password or account information has been compromised, please notify us immediately by email or change your account information on-line. Should you discover an unauthorized use of your credit or debit card, you should notify your card provider immediately in accordance with the terms of your agreement with that company.
Changes to Policy
NCSF, Inc reserves the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time by posting changes on this site. Your continued use of the resources on this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this policy as modified by the posted changes. NCSF, Inc encourages you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how we collect, use and protect your information.
Questions About Our Policy
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
NCSF Live Chat
>