http://www.ivis.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Library
Calendar
e-Learning
News
Veterinary News
In this section you find veterinary news
Recent Additions
In this section you find the recently added content to the IVIS library
Get involved
Donate
Support IVIS, make a donation today
Media kit
Promote your e-learning & events on IVIS
Add your e-learning & events to the IVIS calendar
Publish on IVIS
Publish your work with us
About
Mission
Our Mission Statement
What we do
More info about IVIS and what we do
Who we are
More info about the IVIS team
Authors
See list of all IVIS authors and editors
Contact
Follow IVIS
Twitter
Facebook
Support IVIS
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
IVIS Commitment to Privacy
Last modified Oct 2019
The International Veterinary Information Service (IVIS) is committed to protecting the privacy of its registered users (Users) and other visitors to the website. To protect your privacy, the IVIS has implemented strict information collection and use practices (described in this Privacy Policy as "Policy"). By accessing the website or by providing your information to us, you are consenting to the Policy.
IVIS recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our Users and the information we collect from them. To this end, we are committed to using our best efforts to respect your privacy. It is our intent to balance our legitimate service interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following is the way we handle information collected from your visit to the IVIS website.
This Policy outlines our privacy practices regarding information collected by us, whether written, electronic or oral, describes the types of data we collect, explains how we use and protect that data and discloses our key procedures surrounding privacy. We encourage you to read this Policy so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy and how you can participate in that commitment. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version here, and the new version will become effective immediately.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect a variety of information when you visit the IVIS website and engage with our services. This information may identify you as an individual or is information that can be linked to you as an individual ("Personal Information").
Access to the IVIS website is available free-of-charge to professionals in the field of animal health care (veterinary students, veterinarians, academics, researchers, and other members of the veterinary and animal health care community). To gain access to the IVIS website you must register and provide information that confirms that you are eligible to visit the IVIS website. We do not collect any personal information without your knowledge!
The kind of information we request in the registration form includes your name, email address, country of residence and professional activity. We also ask you questions about your professional activity and the animal species that are part of your professional activities. Not all of the information we request is required, and you may leave any of the optional questions unanswered.
IVIS is the sole owner of the information collected on the IVIS website. We only have access to collected information that you voluntarily give us via email, registration and/or event registration; donation or sponsor forms, or other direct contact from you. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us or filled out a form on the website. We will NOT share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (e.g. to register for a meeting, course, webinar, video or other continuing education activity) or as stated in this Policy.
The IVIS website may collect certain anonymous information about your visit as well as Personal Information, such as the name of the Internet Service Provider and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the website; the device type; the pages that you access while at the IVIS website and the Internet address and/or name of the website from which you linked directly to the IVIS website. This information is used to help improve the IVIS website, analyze trends, plan future content and administer the website. This information is NOT sold or distributed in any other manner to third parties unless as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Individual Profile
IVIS collects information when you create an individual profile/account on the IVIS website, which is required in order to access certain areas of this website, register for events, access services, and purchase products. This information includes your Personal Information. We use this information in accordance with this Policy to identify you, process your requests, and administer your individual membership profile.
Registration as IVIS Visitor
In order to provide visitors with the benefits of such membership, personal information may be shared to enhance your experience and allow you to participate with other members. This can include your name and country being included with comments you are posting on IVIS pages. It may also include your personal information listed on group contact lists you personally sign up for in which other members can access, as well as discussions in which you participate within those groups.
Event Registration
The IVIS may share your event registration data with third parties that are directly involved in the event process (e.g. the event provider or organizer) of the event you register for. Once your data has been shared with a third party with which you have registered for an event or service (e.g. the event provider/organizer of a meeting, course, video, webinar, etc.), the IVIS no longer has direct control over that information.
Use of your Personal Information
The Personal Information voluntarily provided by you and collected on this website will be used to operate the website and to provide the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s) you have requested or authorized.
In support of these uses, the IVIS may use your Personal Information to provide you with more effective customer service, to improve the website and any related IVIS services, and to make the website easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing the website to your particular preferences or interests.
Unless you ask us not to, we may use your Personal Information to contact you via email in the future to provide you with association news, information about membership, events services, products, and/or changes to this privacy policy. We will NOT share your information (e.g. email address) with IVIS partners or third parties. The IVIS will remain the only one that has access to your Personal Information and will make every reasonable effort to safeguard this information form third parties. The IVIS does NOT disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers; rather, when members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, the IVIS submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
The IVIS occasionally engages other companies, consultants and contractors to provide limited services on its behalf, such as website hosting, mailing, email marketing, event registration, membership database, website development, publishing, and sending information about our products and other new services. We will only provide those companies the Personal Information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information, comply with our Privacy Policy and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. We may share aggregated demographic information (e.g. geographic distribution of our visitors) with our partners, sponsors, and advertisers. In this situation, the information is NOT linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
The IVIS may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in good faith that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on IVIS or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the IVIS; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of IVIS members or affiliates, users of IVIS resources, or members of the public.
Personal Information collected on the IVIS website may be stored, hosted, and processed in the United States or any other country in which the IVIS or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using the website, you consent to any such transfer of Personal Information outside of your country, including to countries outside of the European Union.
Control and Access of Your Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this Policy, Personal Information you provide to us will NOT be shared outside of IVIS and affiliates without your permission.
Correcting or Updating Your Information and Contacting Us
You can always update the information that you have provided to us, and request or opt-out of receiving future communications (via mail or email) by having your personal information removed from our website and database. You may request this by contacting the IVIS at contactivis@ivis.org. Please note that it may take up to 20 business days to be removed from our mail or email lists. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email or mail in the future to tell you about association news, membership, events, services, products, and/or changes to this Policy.
At any time, you may contact us via the email address contactivis@ivis.org to:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security of Your Personal Information
The IVIS is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the Personal Information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. Additionally, when we transmit sensitive Personal Information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We restrict access to Personal Information to our employees, and contractors (e.g. website developers, server providers, email providers) who may need to know the information to operate, develop, or improve our services.
Unfortunately, no transmission of Personal Information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, and despite our efforts, the IVIS cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, to or from our online services. The IVIS has no responsibility or liability for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. If you have questions about this Policy or the security of your Personal Information, please contact us as indicated under the "Contact Information" section below.
We retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website to ensure the integrity of the user, member, and registration process and to personalize the website. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a website, a cookie helps the website to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content, eases website navigation, and so on. When you return to the website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the website's features that you customized. These technologies are used in many ways, including advertising in the website, analyzing trends, administering and improving the website, tracking users' movements around the website (including point of entry), gathering demographic information about our user base, verifying login status, measuring the success of a particular marketing campaign, providing improved customer service, providing more relevant content, deterring or detecting fraud, and providing users with a customized experience.
You can accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the IVIS website or other websites you visit.
Links
The IVIS website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such websites.
E-Newsletters and Emails
When you subscribe or sign up to receive newsletters, more information, or publications published or offered via the IVIS website, we will ask you for information necessary to enable us to process your request and send you information regarding our products and services.
Surveys, Evaluations, & Contests
From time to time our website may request information via surveys, evaluations, or contests. Participation in these surveys, evaluations, or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (e.g. name and address), feedback, and demographic information (e.g. zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes if applicable. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the IVIS website and its services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The IVIS may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the updated policy to this website. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the Personal Information we collect. Your continued use of the IVIS website constitutes your agreement to this Policy in its current form.
Choice/Opt-Out
You have a choice about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, and you may opt-out at any time by unsubscribing or removing your information. You can also contact IVIS via contactivis@ivis.org .
To manage the information we receive about you from social networking websites or any other third party, you will need to follow the instructions from that party for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The information we collect is covered by this privacy statement and the information the third-party collects is subject to such third-party's privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on any third-party website (e.g. NOT on the IVIS website) will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through the IVIS website. If an individual profile was created without your knowledge or authorization, please contact us at contactivis@ivis.org to request removal of the individual profile.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via contactivis@ivis.org .
Contact Information
The IVIS welcomes your comments regarding this Policy. If you believe the IVIS has not adhered to this Policy, please contact us by email at contactivis@ivis.org, and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.