http://www.psorsite.com/legal_info.html
Home - Info - Treatments - Fun Stuff - Sitemap
Your location: Home > General Info > Legal Information
Legal Information
Legal information, disclaimer and privacy policy for Psorsite.com (Dave’s Psoriasis Info).
This entire web site is copyright © 1999 to 2009 by Dave W., except where explicitly stated otherwise.
All rights reserved.
An exclusive license is granted, for free, to psoriatics, their friends, family and doctors, to print pages (hardcopy) from this web site as long as my copyright notice is printed, as well.Last site update on April 06, 2014.This site includes 188 indexed pages.There are 4,483 unique links from this site to other, independent sites.Current status: Extremely incomplete.DisclaimerThis is not a self-help web site.
Consult a qualified doctor for diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis (or any other disease).
This web site began as a research project, and is for educational purposes only.
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a part of the medical profession.
The opinions expressed on this web site are my own (Dave W.), and the authors of material referenced or linked to by this web site may or may not agree with me.
I will in no way be held responsible for any loss of health, wealth, or anything else due to the use or misuse of the information presented in this web site.The presence or absence of any treatment in no way implies endorsement or condemnation of that treatment.
Endorsement or condemnation will be explicit when I get a chance to write up a review, and, once again, is my own opinion. In all cases, do your own research, educate yourself, and make your own informed choices (preferably with the help of a qualified dermatologist).Privacy Policy for psorsite.comThe privacy of our visitors to psorsite.com is important to us.At psorsite.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit psorsite.com, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.Log FilesAs with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.Cookies and Web BeaconsWe do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.We also use third party advertisements on psorsite.com to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).DoubleClick DART cookiesWe also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements).
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”).
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses “non personally identifiable information.”
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx.You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.AdSense Privacy Policy Provided by JenSense.Email PolicyIf you choose to send me email, I will consider that to be explicit permission to publish your email, but I will maintain your privacy (through the use of initials, for example).
The single exception is if you are the promoter of a therapy or the seller of a product I review or otherwise mention on this site.
If you are, and you choose to email me, I will consider that permission to use your name if I choose to publish your email online.
In other words, emailing me represents an “opt-in” to use your email and your name.
In no case will a correspondent’s name or other personal information be given to advertisers or used by me to advertise to you.Trademarks and CopyrightsIn many cases, I will refer to trademarked names.
As the site is incomplete, please inform me if I have accidentally left out trademark information anywhere where it is applicable.
As to copyright, any information from other authors here is, to the best of my knowledge, presented within fair use constraints.
In the case of citations with links to other web sites, I leave the authors to provide appropriate copyright information at their own sites.
I will try to include the copyright data of other sources that I cite, but once again, inform me if I have fallen down on the job.
The information provided here is not medical advice.
This is not a self-help web site.
Seek professional advice before beginning, ending, or changing treatments for any disease or condition.
See the legal info page for more information.This page created on 19990516, and last modified on 20140406.
Copyright © 1999 by Dave W.Home - Info - Treatments - Fun StuffSitemap - Contact - Legal/Privacy