https://www.npace.org/privacy-policy-2/
508.907.6424 | npace@npace.org | Give Back | Blog
Privacy Policy
Nurse Practitioner Associates for Continuing Education (NPACE) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate NPACE’s firm commitment to the privacy of our constituents and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by NPACE’s website, www.npace.org, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
NPACE participants that register for NPACE events and individuals that sign up to receive NPACE e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
NPACE uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.npace.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
The website www.npace.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The cookie is placed on your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of www.npace.org, so we know which parts of our site are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your Web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your enrollment in events; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitors of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Email Privacy
The NPACE does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
External Links
The website www.npace.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.npace.org domain, and NPACE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We retain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Interested in NPACE Conferences?
LEARN MORE
About Us
Overview
Beyond Education
Our History
Accreditation
Our Staff and Board
Contact Us
Conferences
All Conferences
NPACE Conference Speakers
Overview
Be a Speaker
Poster Sessions
Abstract Submission Guidelines
Conference FAQs
Request Certificate
Online CE
Overview
NPacers Virtual Conference
Online Courses
Primary Care
Pharmacology
ePosters
Free Online Courses
Exhibits/Sponsors
Overview
Upcoming Programs
Exhibits, Sponsorships & Advertisements
Virtual Conference Exhibits & Sponsorships
Product Theaters
Testimonials
Rewards
Overview
BERXI – Medical Malpractice Insurance
Springer Publishing Exclusives
Fourth for Free
Conference Faculty Program
Give Back
Blog
JOIN NPACE COMMUNITY
VIRTUAL EXHIBIT HALL
Search for:
COVID-19 LATEST INFORMATION
READ MORE
X