http://www.atlaspainrelief.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Find Us
01827 59943
Privacy Policy The Atlas Pain Relief platform requires that we collect certain information from our users. We value the trust you place in us and don’t take it for granted.
Here’s how we protect your data.
Privacy Principles
Security is at our core.
We use industry-leading security practices like bank-level (128-bit AES) encryption on all data so your information can’t be accessed maliciously. Your data is yours. Our job is to take care of it.
The data created when you register is securely hosted on our servers and is yours to explore, download, and use however you like. You can also stop using Atlas Pain Relief and ask us to permanently delete your data from our servers at any time.
We anonymise data to create interesting insights.
We use aggregated, anonymised data to do research, which we may sometimes share on our blog.
What information does Atlas Pain Relief collect?
Using our services, you provide us with and we collect the following types of data (“Personal Data”):
Personally identifiable information; and
Information collected when you visit our website.
If you provide us with Personal Data from a location outside the United Kingdom, please be aware that the data is transferred from your location to the United Kingdom, where we and our service providers are located.
Personally Identifiable Information
Examples of personally identifiable information we collect include your name and email address when you use our website.
Information we collect when you visit our website
On our website, we use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our site gives to your browser when you access our site. Our cookies help us analyze the usage of our Service and website. Cookies may also be placed by third-party analytics services that we use, such as Google Analytics. We may also use third-party marketing services that use cookies to market our products to you on external sites. You can choose to opt-out of this by using the “Do Not Track” feature of your browser or by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices to opt-out directly.
Who has access to the information Atlas Pain Relief collects?
Except as provided below, we do not share your Personal Data with third parties without your explicit permission.
Third parties performing business-related functions.
We sometimes work with other companies to perform certain business-related functions, such as processing payments. In these cases, we only provide the companies with the information they need to perform their specific function.
Legal process
It is possible that we may need to disclose Personal Data when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, or if Atlas Pain Relief has a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) enforce our Terms of Service, investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, or protect the security or integrity of our Service; or (2) exercise or protect the rights, property, or safety of our users, personnel, or the public. We attempt to notify users about legal demands for their data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague, or lack proper authority, but we do not commit to challenge every demand.
Anonymised and aggregated data
We anonymise and aggregate the data we collect across many users and may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, business partners, and users. The aggregated data does not identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe Atlas Pain Relief to current and prospective business partners and to third parties for other lawful purposes. Examples of anonymised and aggregate data include the average number of searches for a product or service within a particular location.
Business transaction
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets; in this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
By using our Service, you provide us with permission to share your information with the parties described above.
To provide you with an enhanced user experience, you may choose to share your information with third parties through our website via a form. In these circumstances, we will not share your Personal Data without your explicit permission, usually in the form of a web page where you authorize such sharing of information.
Is my Personal Data stored securely?
We use best-in-class security systems and practices designed to protect your information and to prevent unauthorized access to your data. Examples of our security practices include:
• Sensitive user data, such as account passwords and email addresses, are stored in encrypted format.
• All communications through our website are sent over SSL/TLS connections. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology protect communications by using both server authentication and data encryption. This ensures that user data in transit is safe, secure, and available only to intended recipients.
• Atlas Pain Relief’s infrastructure is regularly tested for security vulnerabilities and hardened to enhance security and protect against attacks.
• User data on our database is logically segregated by account-based access rules. User accounts have unique usernames and passwords that must be entered each time a user logs on.
We are committed to handling your personal information with respect and care. However, regardless of the security precautions taken, no physical, Internet or other electronic transmission or storage of data can be fully secure or error free. You should understand this when choosing to use any product or service that includes the physical or electronic storage or transmission of your data.
Is there a way to delete my information?
We store the information described above on our servers. To permanently delete your information, please contact us.
Will this Privacy Policy change?
Our services (and our business) may change from time to time. As a result, at times we may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. However, if we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by a notice on our website. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date shown at the beginning of this document. Your continued use of our Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy represents your agreement with the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
What if I have additional questions?
We hope that this Privacy Policy answers your questions regarding the information we collect, how we use it, and what steps we’ve taken to protect it. If you have further questions, please write to us.
Scroll up
Covid 19 - Update