http://www.his.org.uk/terms/
Sign in
Sign in to access your HIS profile below.
Invalid username or password
Due to too many failed login attempts you are now locked out of your account. Please email membership@his.org.uk for assistance
Forgotten password?
Log in
Not a member?
Log in to:
Access your member profile
Gain unrestricted HIS member access to the Journal of Hospital Infection
We use a number of different cookies on our site. For information about the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for please view our Privacy Policy.
OK
Contact
Search
Sign in
Search
Quick links
Events diary
HIS guidelines and guidance
Journal of Hospital Infection
About
40th anniversary of HIS and the JHI
Strategy 2020-2025
Structure and governance
Annual reports and accounts
Representations
Travel and expenses
Work or volunteer for us
Blog
Training & Events
Events diary
FIS HIS 2020
Webinar series - COVID-19 challenges and solutions
Trainee education programme
An introduction to guideline development
Engineering aspects of infection control
HIS/PHE Foundation course
DIPC network and development programme
Funding & Awards
For applicants
For grant holders
Funded research
Publications from HIS funded research
Lowbury Lecture
The Gary French Lecture
Certificates in infection prevention and control
Resources & Guidelines
HIS guidelines and guidance
IPC Matters
IPC in 5
Other resources
Resources in preparation
Guidelines under consultation
HIS expert-approved
Novel coronavirus resources
Webinars - COVID-19 challenges and solutions
Journals
Journal of Hospital Infection
Infection Prevention in Practice
COVID-19 Content
Contact
Sign in
Join
Homepage
Terms
Website terms and conditions of use
Please note that by using this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound these terms and conditions hereunder, do not use or access this website. You must read and accept all of the terms and conditions contained herein together with our Privacy Policy before you may use or access the website in any way.
Interpretation
In these terms and conditions:-"Conditions" means these terms and conditions"Information" means any and all material contained in this Website"the User" and "you" means you, the user of this Website"HIS" and "We", "our" and "Us" means the Healthcare Infection Society, with its registered office at 162 King's Cross Road London WC1X 9DH is a Registered Charity (Healthcare Infection Society (HIS) - Charity Reg No: 1158172)."the Website" means the website of HIS operating under URL http://www.his.org.uk
Basis of use of the website
You agree to the following:-
That you understand, acknowledge and accept the exclusion of liability and disclaimer provisions contained hereafter;
That you will only view the Information for your own private purpose and will not publish, reproduce, store or retransmit any of the Information contained in the Website at any time without permission;
That you shall not use the Information for any unlawful purpose or in any unlawful manner;
That you shall not use the Website or the Information in any manner which may constitute an infringement of any third party rights (including but not limited to rights of copyright, trademark or confidentiality);
That you shall not run any tools on the Website that systematically retrieve web pages for offline or online viewing; whether it be for personal, commercial, experimental, educational or any other use;
That all intellectual property rights (including without limitation copyright, trademarks and all other rights) whatsoever in the Information and the Website shall remain vested in HIS at all times;
That you acknowledge that HIS has no obligation to provide the Website or any Information or to ensure that you are able to use, provide and/or access the Information, and the Website;
That you will indemnify and keep indemnified HIS against all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses including legal fees arising out of any misuse of the Information or the Website or breach of your obligations under his agreement.
Data protection
We consider the protection of your personal information to be very important. For further information please read our Privacy Policy.
Proprietary rights
All trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights in the materials on this Website (as well as the organisation and layout of this Website) together with the underlying software code are owned by, licensed or authorised to HIS, its assignees, licensees or sub-licensees thereof and the copyright in the text, artwork, graphics and images on the Website is owned by HIS or its licensors or its content or technology providers except where otherwise specified. Nothing in these terms and conditions transfers to you any rights of ownership of such intellectual property rights, or constitutes a licence to use such intellectual property rights other than to the extent expressly set out in these terms and conditions. Without Our prior written permission, you may not copy, modify, alter, publish, broadcast, distribute, sell or transfer any material on this Website or the underlying software code whether in whole or in part. However, the contents of this Website may be downloaded, printed or copied for your personal non-commercial use.
Disclaimer
To the fullest extent permitted at law, this Website and its contents is provided on an "as is" basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind, with respect to this Website or its contents or their suitability, reliability or usefulness for any purpose.
In addition, HIS does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this Website is accurate, complete or current.
While every effort is made to ensure accurate and complete information, HIS, nor its employees or representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this Website or the information, content, materials or products included on this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind.
Changes
We reserve the right at any time without notice to revise the contents of this site including these Terms and Conditions. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions will be posted on this Website and by continuing to use this site following any such change you will be agreeing to be bound by the revised Terms and Conditions.
Links to other websites
This Website may include links to other Internet sites. We do not endorse any such Websites and We are not responsible for the information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through those Websites. Your access and use of such Websites remains solely at your own risk.
You may only link to this Website with Our express written permission. We expressly reserve the right to withdraw Our consent at any time to a link which in Our sole opinion is inappropriate or controversial.
Limitation of liability
In no event will We be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary or consequential losses or damages of whatsoever kind arising out of access to, or the use of this Website or any information contained in it, including loss of profit and the like whether or not in the contemplation of the parties, whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Disclaimer of warranty
To the maximum extent permitted by law, We disclaim all implied warranties with regard to the information, services and materials contained on this Website. All such information, services and materials are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranty of any kind.
Miscellaneous
These Terms and Conditions contain all the terms of your agreement with Us relating to your use of this Website. No other written or oral statement (including statements in any brochure or promotional literature published by us) will be incorporated. Your use of this Website, any downloaded material from it and the operation of these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with UK law.
Statutory information
This website is owned and operated by:The Healthcare Infection Society, with its registered office at 162 King's Cross Road London WC1X 9DH is a Registered Charity (Healthcare Infection Society) - Charity Reg No: 1158172).
Telephone: + 44 (0) 20 7713 0273 Fax: + 44 (0) 20 7713 0255 Email: admin@his.org.ukVAT No. 678 0154 222
Join us on social media
@HIS_Infection
@jhieditor
@IPIP_open
@HISConf
admin@his.org.uk
020 7713 0273
Join
© 2020 Healthcare Infection Society (HIS). All rights reserved. Registered Charity Number: 1158172.
Cookie
Privacy
Terms
Contact