http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/assistive-listening-devices/fm-systems
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
16
www.HealthyHearing.com
Teacher and children in a classroom setting
Hearing aids are the best all-around solution for people with hearing loss, but other assistive listening devices (ALDs) can help you navigate specific communication demands. A frequency-modulated (FM) system is an ALD that makes it easier for people with hearing loss to hear what others are saying in noisy environments, like a theater, school, church, museum or other public places. This wireless system, also called a personal FM system, uses radio waves to deliver speech signals directly from the speaker's mouth to the listener's ears.
Components of an FM system
FM systems are popular in classroom
settings.
A personal frequency modulation (FM) system uses radio waves to send speech and other signals to hearing aids. FM is the same type of signal as your FM radio, only it’s tuned to a frequency band designated for personal use.
FM is the same type of signal as your FM radio, only it’s tuned to a frequency band designated for personal use.
There are two basic components of a personal FM system: a transmitter microphone and a receiver. The receiver may be integrated into a pair of hearing aids or a set of headphones.
Microphones for FM systems
The person speaking, such as a teacher, friend or family member, wears the microphone portion of the FM system. This microphone encodes their voice into a frequency-modulated signal. There are several types of microphones that may be used:
Lapel microphone: The most common type of microphone, a lapel microphone hangs around a person's neck like a lanyard or should be clipped to a person's shirt at chest level. It should be within about six inches from the speaker's mouth to pick up the strongest speech signal possible.
Boom microphone: This microphone hangs off the ear so the microphone is positioned about 3 inches away from the face. A boom microphone is the sort of style a pop singer or customer service representative would wear.
Table-top microphone: As you might expect, table-top microphones are placed in the center of a table to pick up all the voices at the table instead of a single voice. These are suitable for conference rooms or quiet restaurants.
Receivers for FM systems
The person with hearing loss wears the receiver portion of an FM system. The receiver picks up the low-power radio signals transmitted by the microphone. The range of personal FM transmission is around 50 feet. Often, the receiver is integrated into the wearer's hearing aids or cochlear implant, and the signal is delivered directly through the hearing devices. Like microphones, there are several different receiver types:
Ear-level receivers: Often referred to as a "hearing aid boot," these receivers attach directly to BTE hearing aids or cochlear implants. This is the most integrated solution for individuals who wear hearing aids. Children with hearing loss wear these receivers in school.
Neckloop receiver: This type of receiver, also called an induction loop, is worn around the neck and transmits the signal to your hearing aids via electromagnetic energy. This receiver requires the use of telecoil in your hearing aids.
Body-worn receiver: Body-worn receivers can be slipped into a pocket or clipped to a waistband. Although bulkier, they are portable. Paired with traditional headphones, they are a perfect solution for someone who does not wear hearing aids, or is temporarily without hearing aids during a repair. Physicians often use this type of receiver to talk with patients who have hearing loss but don't wear hearing aids.
Why use an FM system for hearing loss?
People with hearing loss often struggle with clearly understanding speech in loud environments, even though their hearing aids are working overtime to pick out the speech signal in the presence of the background noise. To give your hearing aids a break and reduce your mental fatigue, you might consider purchasing an FM system for use when going out to restaurants, parties or other large gatherings. There are many benefits of FM systems.
FM systems reduce background noise, improve clarity and reduce listener fatigue.
Reduced background noise
People with hearing loss, and even those without, often have trouble hearing in situations when background noise gets in the way. FM systems reduce this noise and only amplify the voice of the speaker you are trying to hear.
Improved clarity
By receiving the signal of interest directly to your ears or your hearing aids, the sounds will be much clearer than if they had to travel through a loud environment to get to you. It's like having your conversation partner speak directly into your ear, without the hot breath in your face. It's this crisper signal of an FM system that can make it preferable in a movie theater—without the FM system to control the overall volume, the movie might actually be too loud for you to understand.
Hearing from a distance
If you enjoy going to lectures or speeches, FM systems can be a great way to ensure that you are hearing every word that the person in front of you is saying. For example, if you are going to a graduation ceremony and your grandchild is speaking on behalf of her class, you don't want to miss it. Having your grandchild wear a compatible microphone will ensure that your FM receiver can reproduce the signal clearly for you, even in a large auditorium.
Reduced fatigue
Just like any part of the body, if you are trying too hard to hear, you will suffer from mental fatigue. In fact, one of the symptoms of hearing loss is a feeling of exhaustion after spending a few hours in conversation. FM systems amplify speech signals in challenging environments so that you have the energy you need to do the activities you want to do.
FM systems in public settings
Don't be afraid to ask for a headset when
you go to the theater.
There is no reason to let your hearing loss stop you from enjoying the theater or going to the movies. Many large auditoriums have the capabilities to provide excellent sound quality without interference.
FM technology in a theater setting allows you to use your hearing aid with an FM receiver, and the signal goes straight through to the device so that the sound is clear. For those who don't wear hearing aids, FM systems paired with traditional headsets may be available for you to wear during the show. Don't be shy—ask at the box office.
FM systems for children
Children who are experiencing hearing loss may struggle with being able to hear properly in the classroom. This can hinder their education and cause them to lag behind because they cannot understand what the teacher is telling them. Some classrooms use a sound-field amplification system so that all children may benefit from an amplification of the teacher's voice. A sound-field amplification system uses a microphone to amplify the speaker's voice through a loudspeaker system that is positioned strategically in the classroom. This way all students can benefit from the amplification, and those with hearing loss are freed from the burden of wearing a special receiver.
An FM system is especially important for children with hearing loss as they attend school. It ensures that these children receive consistent speech signals even when they aren't looking at the teacher or when the teacher is moving around. A microphone can also be passed around to other students as they participate in a lesson so that the child with hearing loss has an opportunity to hear those comments and questions as well. An FM system at home gives children with hearing loss a better opportunity to interact during daily activities with their families and better enjoy trips to the zoo, park or in the car.
Purchasing FM systems
FM systems can be purchased online, in electronics stores and through your local hearing healthcare professional. If you don't know how to get started or what device might work best for you, talk to your hearing care practitioner, and ask for a demonstration. If you don't wear hearing aids but struggle to hear in many common listening environments, it may be time for a hearing test.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
You are reading about:
Assistive listening devices / FM systems
Related topics
Amplified phones Captioned phones Hearing aid compatible phones TV hearing aid and listening devices Alerting devices
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Newborn hearing screening
8 tips for dealing with restaurant noise when you wear hearing aids
Five habits that can harm your hearing health
Tips for traveling with hearing loss
Educational audiologist: an important resource for your child with hearing loss
Cupid's tips for a healthy hearing Valentine's Day
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Alerting devices
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!