http://www.depressioncenter.net/site/terms
Anxiety
Depression
Healthy Weight
Managing Drinking
Quit Smoking
Helping Fellow Members
Members
Community Settings
Messages
Course
Overcoming Anxiety
Overcoming Depression
Healthy Weight
Quit Smoking
Managing Drinking
Managing Anxiety
Relationships
Resolving Disputes
Shyness & Sensitivity
Role Transitions
Grief & Loss
Moving Forward
Quiz
Alcohol (Standard Version)
Alcohol (Student Version)
Cannabis
Concussion
Depression & Anxiety
Gambling
Smoking
Log In
Sign Up
US EN
EN CA
FR CA
Terms of Use
Your use of this platform signifies your acceptance of these Terms of Use. Evolution Health Systems reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, delete or add portions to these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued use of this platform after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of policy enhancements.
Disclaimers
If you are currently thinking about or planning harm to yourself or someone else please call 911 or go to the nearest hospital or emergency department.
Evolution Health Systems is not a healthcare provider and does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. The information on this platform is for educational purposes only.
The information, graphics, text, or any materials posted on this platform are intended for educational purposes only, should not be construed as medical advice, and does not replace the advice from your health care provider(s).
Access to the platform, and its use, are restricted to personal, non-commercial purposes.
Evolution Health Systems retains the right, in its sole discretion, to make technical improvements or technical upgrades to the platform at any time. This may include the removal of platform elements. No advance notification of upgrades or removals is required.
All intellectual property on this platform, including copy, images, official marks, trademarks, or data, are the exclusive property of Evolution Health Systems. Unauthorized use of any such property, without express consent from Evolution Health Systems, is strictly prohibited.
Limitation of Liability and Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Evolution Health Systems harmless from any damages arising from your use of the platform.
Registration
Anyone can view content on this platform. However, use of certain sections require registration. If you choose to register, please become familiar with our Privacy Policy.
Community User Agreement
The purpose of the community is to provide a place where members can anonymously exchange ideas, opinions and comments about platform content.
Members understand that community content is for the public domain and is not private.
All posts and content must specifically address platform content. Any posts that address other topics will be removed and may be subject to the removal of the authors’ posting privileges.
Members agree not to post any copyrighted material on the platform.
Evolution Health Systems, platform owners, managers, employees, interns, and volunteers do not necessary endorse, support, sanction, encourage, verify, or agree with any of the comments, opinion, statements, or posts made within the community.
We encourage members to not post any personally identifiable information in the community. Members who post personally identifiable information do so at their own risk.
Members may not post or transmit any defamatory, harassing, abusive, mean-spirited, obscene, profane, vulgar, sexually explicit, threatening, or illegal material, or any material containing blatant expression or bigotry, racism, or hate. Evolution Health System and/or its employees reserve the right, but is/are not obligated, to edit, review, delete, or refuse to post any material that is submitted to, or is presented on, the platform.
Members agree not to place any material on the platform that is advertising a product or other service, is advertising another internet site, is invasive of any other’s privacy, encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liberty, or that otherwise violates any local, state, provincial, national, federal, or international law or regulation.
Members agree to use the platform only for lawful purposes and acknowledge that failure to do so may be subject to civil and criminal liability.
Members ability to access the platform may be terminated at any time, for any reason, without notice.
General
These Terms of Use represent the entire understanding with respect to your use of the platform.
There Terms of User shall be construed by and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario.
These Terms of Use, and all related documents, are available in English. C’est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais.
×
We use cookies to help us learn about how our platform is used and how we can improve your experience. To
learn more please see our
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use.
More Information
I Accept
×
×
Please note, the Community Feature is unavailable to all Homewood Health clients.
We’ve disabled the feature to protect against potential privacy concerns and to ensure that your
experience with the program is not compromised through unqualified opinions or suggestions.
If you have any questions, please contact our Customer Service Centre:
1-800-663-1142
Session Timeout Warning
It’s been a while since you were active on this site. Please extend your session below
Extend Session
You have been logged out due to inactivity.
Please sign back in.
Sign in