https://www.diabetesforums.com/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web servers.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Third party vendors
• Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
• Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
• Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out-page.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Diabetesforums does not disclose your personally identifying information to any third parties for any purpose without your prior consent. All reasonable care is taken to ensure its security both offline and online.
It’s also important to be aware that when you voluntarily provide personal information (e.g., address, phone number) in a posting on the bulletin board, that information is publicly available and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you. For that reason, we encourage using caution before offering of any personally identifying information within the message board itself.
Diabetes forums, 5, Westerly, Rhode Island, 02891
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
SendGrid
SendGrid is used by this website to process and deliver emails.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Important Information
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use.
I accept