http://www.ivfflorida.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions : Overview
Our Center
Fertility Treatments
Understanding Infertility
Patient Information
Financing Options
News & Resources
Donor Egg
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING IVF FLORIDA REPRODUCTIVE ASSOCIATES (IVF FL) WEBSITE.
Your access and use of this website (“Site”) is subject to and governed by these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws. IVF FLORIDA Reproductive Associates (IVF FL) may revise and update these Terms and Conditions at any time and in its sole discretion and such revisions are binding on the Site users.  Your continued usage of the Site will mean you accept and agree to any such changes.
THIS SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE.
The contents of the Site are for informational purposes only and are NOT a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or substitute for a formal medical consultation. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.  We cannot provide specific advice or opinions regarding one’s diagnosis, treatment, or specific protocols or prescribing information on or through the Site.  You should always consult your physician regarding the specifics of your case.  Nothing contained in this Site, including the questions and answers posted on the Site, is intended to be medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Reliance on any information provided by IVF FL is solely at your own risk. The Site may contain health- or medical-related materials which you may find to be sexually explicit or otherwise offensive.  No representation or warranty is made, either expressly or tacitly, for the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, timeliness, reliability, or adequacy of any resources, information, apparatus, product, or process available at or from this Site.
Any transmission of information from this Site to you is not intended to create nor does it create a physician-patient relationship between you and or any IVF FL physician.  Please do not transmit personal health information about you or others to us through any feature in the Site.
USE OF CONTENT
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site, including but not limited to all designs, text, graphics and files and the selection and arrangement thereof, is protected by copyright under United States and foreign laws, unless otherwise noted, and may not be used without the express written permission of IVF FL, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use or in the text on the Site. IVF FL neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties who are not owned by or affiliated with IVF FL.
You may download material displayed on the Site for your or your family’s non-commercial personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the Contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video, without IVF FL prior written permission.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, IVF FL. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions of Use or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademark(s)”) displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademark(s) of IVF FL or others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppels, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark(s) displayed on the Site without the written permission of IVF FL or such third party that may own the Trademark(s) displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademark(s) displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use, is strictly prohibited.
IVF FL will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, which may include the seeking of criminal prosecution.
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
USE AND BROWSING OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER IVF FL NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, CONTRIBUTING TO, OR DELIVERING THE SITE IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS.
Specifically, IVF FL makes no representations or warranties about the following: (i) the accuracy, reliability, completeness including errors or omissions, correctness or timeliness of the content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the Site; or (ii) the satisfaction of government regulations requiring disclosure of information on medical treatments or prescription drug products with regard to the content contained on the Site. In no event shall IVF FL, its business associates or any third parties mentioned on the Site be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the Site or the content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not IVF FL is advised of the possibility of such damages. IVF FL shall be liable only to the extent of actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed US $1,000. IVF FL is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Site, content, or Public Area (as defined below). Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site, any content, or the Public Areas must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms and Conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions.  Some jurisdictions may not allow exclusions of implied warranties so some of these exclusions may not be applicable to users in certain areas.
When using the Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of IVF FL and its affiliates, licensors, and suppliers. Accordingly, IVF FL and its affiliates, licensors, and suppliers assume no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site.  IVF FL and its affiliates, licensors, suppliers, and Content providers also assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable, for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
IVF FL has not reviewed all of the sites that may be linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-Site pages or any other sites linked to or from the Site. Your linking to any other off-Site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
USER SUBMISSIONS
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary and will not establish a  physician-patient relationship between you and or any IVF FL physician. If you are a patient of IVF FL please discuss with your physician the proper means of communicating confidential or health information.    You agree that you will not send or transmit to the Site any communication or content that infringes or violates any rights of any party.
Anything you transmit or post may be used by IVF FL or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, IVF FL is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
You should be aware that when you disclose personal information (including, user name, e-mail address, personal details about yourself, etc.) on the public areas of the Site (including message boards, etc.) you do so voluntarily, and that such information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
PRIVACY
You agree that your use of the Site is also subject to the Privacy Policy which is part of these Terms and Conditions.  If you are submitting any information from outside of the United States, you are consenting to use of the information by IVF FL and its business associates in accordance with the IVF FL Privacy Policy.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold IVF FL and its affiliates, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, and Content providers harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
JURISDICTION
IVF FL and its affiliates are based in Florida. Most of the physicians, health care providers, and others who are contributors of the contents of the site are licensed, if required, only in the state of Florida. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with IVF FL, or in any way relating to your use of the IVF FL site, resides in the courts of the state of Florida; and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the state of Florida in connection with any such dispute including, without limitation, any claim involving IVF FL and its affiliates, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions of Use are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Florida, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of the terms and conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition of any other term or condition.
MODIFICATION TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
IVF FL may at any time, in its sole discretion, revise these Terms and Conditions of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions of Use to which you are bound.
COMPLETE AGREEMENT
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the Site, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and IVF FL with respect to the use of IVF FL Site and content. If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions please contact us at:
2960 North State Road 7, Suite 300Margate, FL 33063954-247-6200
Last Revision: March, 2015
Read more on our Privacy Policy.
Contact IVF Florida
JOIN MAILING LIST?
Submit Your Request
Our Partners: