https://www.edisoninst.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Edison Institute of Nutrition (EIN) values the privacy of all students. Personal information such as name, address, email address, and telephone number are kept on file for identity and contact purposes.
Student date of birth, program enrolment, date of enrolment, photo, and credit card numbers are kept on file for the purpose of verifying enrolment and processing orders for course work and texts. Student test and exam marks are kept on file in hard copy and electronic form for 7 years. Transcripts are kept in electronic form for 30 years. All student files are confidential and are available only to the administrative staff and the student.
Disclosure of Information
The following are circumstances where EIN does deem it necessary to disclose student information.
EIN provides name, address, program enrolment and date thereof to provincial or federal government agencies when requested by such, expressly for the purpose of students applying for student financial loan services or other financial assistance programs.
EIN submits student information to government agencies to meet its tuition tax reporting requirements.
In rare cases where required or permitted by law, EIN may collect, use, or disclose student information without the student’s/graduate’s consent such as to comply with a court order or to collect an unpaid debt.
Occasionally EIN conducts student/graduate surveys to comply with government regulations and to help us provide the highest standard of education. Any such surveys are kept on file for future reference and any identifying personal information is kept confidential.
The following are circumstances where EIN may disclose student information unless requested by the student not to do so.
EIN submits student transcripts to other schools or registering organizations only at the request of the student.
EIN maintains a student contact list consisting of students willing to be contacted by other students. No students are listed without having given prior permission.
EIN reserves the right to publish the name, country of residence, and program of graduation in our periodical newsletter in recognition of student academic accomplishments. The newsletter is sent out to all active students. Students not wishing to have this information printed can contact EIN administrative staff and request that their name not be published.
EIN maintains a thesis lending library which is made available to students who are enrolled in our Advanced Diploma Program. No thesis is copied and put into the lending library without prior consent by the student.
EIN instructors and staff are prohibited from disclosing student information to anyone other than for the above purposes unless authorized to do so by the student. Destruction of paper files containing personal information such as contact and credit card information is done by shredding.
For more information about the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act you may contact The Information and Privacy Commissioner of Canada at:
112 Kent Street
Ottawa, Ontario
K1A 1H3
Phone: 613 995-8210 OR 1-800 282-1376
Fax: 613 947-6850
Contact Edison Institute of Nutrition Today
Call 1-800-456-9313 or CONTACT US
Our Programs
Education optionsfor everyone!
Enrollment
Admission is openyear round!
Program Fees
See how you canpay as you learn!
TestimonialThe program teaching philosophy of understanding “we are all unique individuals, biochemical and otherwise” most definitely influences the scope of study within each course throughout the program. Thank you for taking the time to create a program that truly resonates with the essence of living healthy and well.
D SimmonsOntario, Canada
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
*Subscribe to our newsletter to receive news, updates, & more by email.