http://www.apha.org.au/about-apha/apha-privacy-policy/
About APHA
Annual Reports
Aims and Objectives
Board
Constitution
History
Sponsors and Associate Members
Major Sponsors
Platinum Associate Members
Gold Associate Members
Associate Members
Vital Signs e-newsletter
PH News e-newsletter
APHA Privacy Policy
Contacts
Join APHA
Sign in
In response to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, APHA staff will be in the office Wednesday and Thursday. On other days, if you know the mobile number of the person you wish to contact, please call them. Otherwise, contact: info@apha.org.au to have your query directed immediately.Media inquiries: Frith Rayner: 0413 971 999
Click to expand navigation
Home
APHA News
PH News
Private Hospitals Magazine
Industry Resources
Advocacy
APHA Policy Framework
Submissions
Media Releases
1. Your privacy is important to us
The Australian Private Hospitals Association (the APHA) deals with information privacy in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) as amended by the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012 (Cth) (Privacy Amendment Act) and the Australian Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Amendment Act.
It also complies with the Spam Act 2003 (Cth) which imposes restrictions on sending emails.
The APHA reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If changed, the changes will be posted on the APHA’s website so that you are always aware of the sort of information collected, how the information may be used, and under what circumstances it may be disclosed by the APHA.
If at any time the APHA is required by law to release information about you or your organisation, the APHA must cooperate fully.
2. What sort of information does the APHA collect?
The APHA collects personal information about you (‘the Information’) in the following ways:
• When you or your organisation apply to become a member, request certain services or otherwise contact or do business with the APHA;
• Other personal information may be collected from event registration forms, telephone calls, faxes, e-mails, contact made via the APHA website, letters sent by members and other contacts of the APHA and from membership profile updates;
• When you apply for a role as an employee or contractor at the APHA.
3. What happens if you do not provide the information?
If you do not provide the Information required, you or your organisation may not be able to become a member or you may not be able to receive the information or service you requested by the method you have requested.
4. How is your information used by the APHA?
The APHA collects the Information to provide you and your organisation with a specific service. For example, we may use the Information you provide us to:
• Process your organisation’s membership application, process your organisation’s membership renewal, update your and your organisation’s details and profile information or fulfil a request for information;
• For promotional and marketing purposes, including sending you information on relevant APHA services, benefits and events;
• Send your organisation’s membership renewal, voting papers or other information required under the APHA Constitution;
• Communicate with you on any issues relevant to your organisation’s membership or transactions with the APHA.
If at any time you receive material that you do not wish to receive, please see “Correcting and updating your or your organisation’s profile” below.
5. Who does the APHA disclose personal information to?
The APHA will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise supply for consideration to third parties any personal information obtained from you or your organisation without your consent.
• The APHA will provide only such information, as is required, to third parties to enable a particular service to be fulfilled;
• The APHA will allow the use of the Information in a controlled manner by entities distributing information relevant to members and/or the APHA.
6. How will the APHA keep your personal information secure?
The APHA has security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of the Information under its control. These security measures include:
• Firewalls – to prevent the hacking of our database;
• Clauses in employee agreements requiring confidentiality and training on the importance of the Privacy Act;
• Appropriate security access to the APHA premises;
• The use of passwords for access to database information and the use of security levels within the database to ensure that staff only access the information required to perform their duties;
• Security bins for the disposal of written information.
Where appropriate, we use secure transmission facilities. However, no transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure and we do not warrant the security of any information transmitted by or to us over the internet.
7. Correcting and updating your or your organisation’s profile
The APHA gives you the following options for accessing and modifying Information previously provided:
• You may gain access to Information that the APHA has collected about you – please refer to contact details below. We will not charge you for responding to such a request.
• You can change or update personal information via letter, telephone, fax or email. These changes will be effected as soon as reasonably possible.
• Each year members are notified of the information held on file on their organisation’s member profile update and can amend that information.
8. Contacting APHA
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, you should contact:
Australian Private Hospitals Association
PO Box 4502
Kingston, ACT 2604
Phone: 02 6273 9000
Fax: 02 6273 7000
Email: info@apha.org.au
9. Privacy concerns
If you would like any further information about our handling of personal information or to make a complaint about something you believe breaches the Australian Privacy Principles, please lodge a written complaint addressed to our Chief Executive Officer using the contact details above. Once we receive your complaint, we will respond to your complaint within a reasonable period of time, usually 30 days.
If you are unsatisfied with the handling of your complaint, you may contact us further to advise of your concerns and, if we are unable to reach a satisfactory resolution, you may wish to take your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) for a review of your complaint.
Hospital Facts
Private hospitals and day surgeries perform 2 out of every 3 elective surgeries
Twitter
Diamond Sponsor