https://www.psqh.com/about/privacy-policy/
News & Analysis
All Topics
Patient Safety
Quality Improvement
Medication Safety
Infection Control
Patients as Partners
Accreditation & Regulation
Technology
Risk Management
Team Training
Leadership
Workplace Safety
Environment and Facilities
ACA
Population Health
COVID-19
Caregiver Burnout
Workplace Conflicts
Magazine
Current Issue
Subscriber Services
Archives
Podcasts
Resources
All Resources
Webinars
Videos
Whitepapers
Forms & Tools
IP Week
Events
Career Center
Forums
About
Mission Statement
Editorial Advisory Board
Authors
Partners
Sponsorship
Contact
Privacy Policy
About
Privacy Policy
Mission Statement
Editorial Advisory Board
Authors
Partners
Sponsorship
Contact
Privacy Policy
1. General
PSQH respects the privacy of every individual who visits or is a member of PSQH.com. PSQH wants you to fully understand what information we gather from you, how that information is collected, how that information is used, and how you can control the collection and/or use of information about you. So please read this Policy carefully.
The Privacy Policy for PSQH.com (“Site”) constitutes a legal agreement between you and PSQH, Inc. (“Agreement”). We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time, without prior notice, which amendment(s) are to be fully effective upon posting on the Site. By accessing the content and services made available on this Site (collectively “Services”), you are agreeing to all the terms and conditions of the Agreement, whether or not you register as a member of the Services. Using the Services means you accept this Agreement as it appears at the time of your access. We want and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy and other policies on a regular basis. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the PSQH.com Terms of Use.
2. Personally Identifiable Information
There are cases in which PSQH may ask you for personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address (“Personally Identifiable Information”). For example, we request Personally Identifiable Information for online shopping or transactions or for other services that require registration or subscription. We may also collect information from e-mail, letters, or other correspondence that you send us. PSQH will not collect any Personally Identifiable Information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily, with the exception of your computer’s IP address. The IP address is an identifier unique to each computer or Internet usage session.
When you do provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, PSQH may:
Store and process that information to enhance your experience with PSQH so that we provide a service that is relevant and easy to use;
Use that information to contact you for informational, marketing, and promotional purposes on behalf of PSQH and third parties, including such benefits as welcoming you back to PSQH.com or informing you of service enhancements or promotional items;
To the extent required to provide our services, share Personally Identifiable Information with any merchants that may offer their products and services through PSQH.com;
Share information about your product purchases through PSQH’s with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties;
Disclose that Information to third parties when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) PSQH’s rights or property, other members or users of PSQH.com, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities; and
Disclose that information to third parties when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law or a court of competent jurisdiction; and
As PSQH continues to develop its business, we may sell or buy other businesses or assets. A buyer or successor will have access to our customer lists as this information is considered a transferable business asset.
Except as stated in this Policy, or as otherwise stated at the time that the Personally Identifiable Information is gathered, we will not provide Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.
PSQH is not a legal services provider and your use of the Site does not create an attorney/client or other confidential or privileged relationship.
PSQH may give you the opportunity to share materials (“Contributions”) through various forums and blogs that PSQH may make available through the Services. If elect to submit Contributions, all portions of such Contributions will become publicly available and may be viewed by anyone. Any Personally Identifiable Information that you elect to include as part of your Contributions will cease to be considered Personally Identifiable Information hereunder.
3. Nonpersonally Identifiable Information
PSQH may also collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information may include your age, gender, interests and preferences, the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the company or organizational Web site from which you linked to PSQH.com. PSQH may share this information with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties. For example, PSQH may inform a sponsor that membership of HCMarketplace.com is x percent females and y percent males. This data is used to customize PSQH’s content and advertising and to deliver better experience to our members and users.
4. Opting Out
From time to time, PSQH will send you e-mail newsletters, product announcements, surveys, or other information via e-mail. If you prefer not to receive any or all of these communications, you may opt out by following the directions provided within the e-mail newsletters and product announcements.
5. Children
PSQH.com is not directed to individuals under 13 years of age, and PSQH does not intend to collect any Personally Identifiable Information from such individuals. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not attempt to use the Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 years may provide any personal information to or on the Site. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 years without verification of parental consent, then we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years, please contact us at customerservice@PSQH.com.
6. Cookies
“Cookies” are electronic files stored on your hard drive. Cookies cannot read data off your hard drive; they store identification information about you. PSQH, like the operators of many other Web sites, uses the cookies to identify you when you visit PSQH.com. PSQH may also use the cookie to recognize you to help ensure the security of confidential information. PSQH uses the information from cookies to personalize services and determine the amount and type of traffic at PSQH.com. Cookies also provide us with information about your “clickstream”–the way that you navigate through PSQH.com so that we can better design PSQH.com for your use.
Most browsers allow you to disable or delete your cookies. PSQH would prefer to provide you with personalized services through cookies since not all services may be available to those who disable or delete cookies.
7. Links to Other Web Sites
PSQH may provide links to various other Web sites. PSQH assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites that you are able to access through PSQH.com. These links to other sites do not imply any affiliation or endorsement of a linked site.
8. Security
The importance of security of all Personally Identifiable Information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. While we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, PSQH can’t ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your Personally Identifiable Information, we will take reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
9. Non-US User
The Services are hosted in the United States. If you are accessing the Site from a jurisdiction with privacy laws or regulations that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Site and Services, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
10. Who to Contact
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact PSQH’s Customer Service Department by telephone at 800-650-6787 or e-mail via customerservice@hcpro.com.
Advertisers
Advertise Here
FROM THE EDITOR Effective immediately, PSQH will no longer publish print magazine issues due to a number of factors. We will continue to provide daily patient safety and quality news and analysis on our website, as well as provide insight via various innovative formats such as podcasts, webinars, and virtual events. Thank you for your continued interest.
PSQH: The Podcast Check out our new podcast for insight and analysis about the latest patient safety and quality issues!
Facebook
Twitter
About Us
Sponsorship
Contact Us
Simplify Compliance LLC | Copyright © 2020 HCPro.
All rights reserved.