https://www.andrologysociety.org/privacy-policy/
847-752-5355
info@andrologysociety.org
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Member Search
Contact ASA
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Draft: April 19, 2018
The American Society of Andrology (ASA) recognizes the importance of protecting the personal information collected from users in the operation of its services and taking reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By submitting your information to ASA, you consent to the practices described in this policy. If you are less than 18 years of age, then you must first seek the consent of your parent or guardian prior to submitting any personal information. The ASA respects the privacy of our users and created this privacy statement to apprise you of our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to review and modify this statement at any time, so please check back periodically for our latest privacy practices.  If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via info@andrologysociety.org
By using the Website or submitting to ANDROLOGY, you are accepting the practices described in this statement.
This Privacy Statement includes, without limitation, the following information:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through the website;
How such information is used;
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information, and
What security obligations are in place.
Collection of Information
Personal identifying information is your name, street or email address, phone number or any other information when used by itself or with other data, might identify you individually, such as educational, occupation, professional interests, website URL, clinical area, and research areas. Acceptance as an ASA Member automatically places the member’s name, affiliation and areas of expertise in the ScholarOne database for potential use in the reviewer’s database search, but also for rapid and accurate access when they are author or co-author on papers submitted for publication in ANDROLOGY.The ASA does not collect this information on this website except where it is sent to us voluntarily. For example, when you order goods or services online, we ask you for personal identifying information so we can fulfill those goods and services or contact you.
Use of Information
The ASA may use the personal identifying information to contact you in the future, to comply with legal obligations, or where ASA has a legitimate business interest in using your information to enhance the services and products we provide. Legitimate business purposes include but are not limited to one or all of the following: providing direct marketing and notification of events, products and services, significant developments, or other information we believe might be of interest. We will not disclose your email address to third parties. Once someone voluntarily provides an email address, the ASA uses that information to email the person for transaction follow-up, promotions and communications. We collect data to track the effectiveness of emails, which enables us to better serve our varied audiences. The ASA does not sell your personal information nor does ASA rent email addresses or phone numbers to third parties.
Disclosure and Sharing of Your Information
The ASA will not disclose to or share your personal information with any unaffiliated third party except as follows:
Where necessary in connection with services provided by third parties (i) who provide us with a wide range of office, administrative, information technology, production, payment, or business management services, and (ii) who are required to comply with this policy;
Where necessary in connection with the distribution of your personal copy of the publication Andrology;
Where you voluntarily provide information in response to an advertisement from a third party;
Where your consent has been provided, with a third party such as an academic institution, school, employer, business or other entity which has provided you with access to a product or service through an integration or access code, information may be shared regarding your engagement with the service or product, results of assessments taken and other information you input into the product or service;
Where the ASA is required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities and government agencies, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; to comply with a subpoena or other legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, to enforce our Terms of Service, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our services, users or others; and to investigate fraud; and
Security
We will use appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect your data. Access to your personal data will be restricted to only those who need to know that information and required to perform their job function. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of maintaining the confidentiality and security of your information.
Some of your personal information is stored at a data center managed by our third party hosting company. The data center managed by our third party hosting company is specifically designed to be physically secure and to admit authorized personnel only, who are contractually bound to keep all of our data confidential.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information including personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website.
Your Rights
You have the right to make a written request to be informed whether or not we hold or process any of your personal information (by emailing info@andrologysociety.org). In your written request, you may:
Request that we provide you with details of your personal information that we process, the purpose for which it is processed, the recipients of such information, the existence of any automated decision making involving your personal information, and what transfer safeguards we have in place;
Request that we rectify any errors in your personal information;
Request that we delete your personal information if our continued processing of such information is not justified;
Request that we transfer your personal information to a third party;
Object to automated decision-making and profiling based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest (in which event the processing will cease except where there are compelling legitimate grounds, such as when the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between us);
Object to direct marketing from us; and
Object to processing for purposes of scientific, historical research and statistics.
Governing Law
Where applicable under your local laws, we will not use your personal information for marketing purposes, nor disclose your information to any third parties, unless we have your prior consent, which we will seek before collecting your personal information. Note that you may still receive transactional communications from the ASA. Some territories have national laws requiring a local Data Protection Officer (for example Singapore and Germany).
You agree that this privacy policy shall be exclusively governed in accordance with the laws of and the courts of United States (Illinois)