https://www.gbhs.on.ca/privacy/
Privacy - Grey Bruce Health Services
Main Menu
Skip to Content
Footer
HomePatients & VisitorsPrivacy
Protecting Your Health Information
At Grey Bruce Health Services (GBHS), we treat your personal health information with respect and sensitivity. We do so in accordance with the Ontario Personal Health Information Protection Act and all other applicable laws.
The people at GBHS who provide and support your care are allowed to see your health information.  This group could include doctors, nurses, technicians, therapists, spiritual care providers and other health professionals. Students may also work with your health care team under the guidance of qualified teachers.
GBHS Privacy Office
privacy@gbhs.on.ca
How is my health information used?
To provide you with healthcare
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements
To make our health services more effective and efficient, eg.
conduct risk management activities
conduct quality improvement initiatives (patient satisfaction in surveys)
compile statistics
Who does GBHS share my personal health information with?
A person you choose – your next-of-kin (family member) or legal representative with your express consent
Other health-care providers as part of your care
Health regulatory agencies (for example, agencies that track wait times)
Public authorities as permitted and required by law (for example, Public health to track infections)
Government agencies (for example, the Workplace Safety & Insurance Board), or if you give your consent, your private insurer to get payment for your treatment or care
Unless you tell us not to, we may also disclose your information to:
Visitors or callers so they can reach you in the hospital.
Connect you with a spiritual care provider who may visit you in the hospital.
Share your information with the GBHS hospital Foundations.
Can I see my record of personal health information?
We respect your right to see your health record. If you wish to do so, please call the Release of Information line at 519-376-2121, ext. 2259.
Patients & Visitors Patients & Visitors
About Your Hospital Stay
Aboriginal Patient Navigator Services
Banking
Contacting Patients
Discharge
Fact Sheets on Infectious Diseases
Food Services
Gift Shops
Health Resources
Library
Parking & Transportation
Patient Rights & Responsibilites
Pharmacy
Places to Stay for Visitors
Telephones, Cell Phones, Laptops & Wi-Fi
What to Bring to Hospital
Booking an Appointment & Registration
FAQs
How to Find A Doctor
MyChart
Patient Comments
Patient Relations
Patient Survey
Privacy
Wait Times
Back to top