https://www.kidneyfund.org/about-us/terms-of-use.html
Donate
Now
Give
Monthly
Give
In Honor
American Kidney Fund Terms of Use
www.kidneyfund.org > About Us
>
American Kidney Fund Terms of Use
Legal Notice, Disclaimer and Links Policy
Access to and use of the American Kidney Fund website is provided subject to these terms and conditions. Please read these terms carefully as use of this site constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Disclaimer
AKF accepts no responsibility for and disclaims all liability in connection with the content of this website, including, but not limited to, all information and instructional videos available from this website. We disclaim any and all liability for errors and omissions, including, but not limited to, errors and omissions that result from information being out of date. While we endeavor to keep the content of our website current, AKF does not represent that all information is current. The content of this website may include opinions or views which, unless expressly stated otherwise, are not necessarily those of AKF. All content and information is subject to changes or updates without notice.
The information found within our website is for general informational purposes only. This information is not intended as and should not be construed to be medical advice or health care advice. You should always contact a physician to determine whether information contained on our website is appropriate to your specific situation or condition. You agree not to use any of the content on our website for the purpose of diagnosis or treatment of any illness, health condition, or medical concern.
AKF disclaims liability for any claims, losses, demands, or damages of any kind whatsoever with regard to any information, content, or services provided at our website, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential loss or damages, compensatory damages, loss of profits or otherwise.
Linking to www.kidneyfund.org
The American Kidney Fund encourages and permits text links to content on the American Kidney Fund Web site, www.kidneyfund.org. However, the American Kidney Fund is an organization committed to the highest ethics and standards, both in fact and appearance. Therefore, the linking should not (a) suggest that the American Kidney Fund promotes or endorses any third party’s causes, ideas, political campaigns, Web sites, products or services, nor (b) use the American Kidney Fund copyrighted information or American Kidney Fund logo, trademarks or service marks, without the express written consent of the American Kidney Fund, nor (c) use the American Kidney Fund content for commercial or fundraising purposes. We reserve the right to withdraw permission for any link at any time. Without limiting the foregoing, the following links are specifically prohibited:
AKF will not grant permission if your web site contains content, directly or indirectly, e.g., by links within the web site to other web sites, in the following categories:
Inconsistent with the ethical values of AKF;
Inconsistent with the tax-exempt status of AKF and its affiliated entities as organizations which are described in Internal Revenue Code section 501(c)(3);
Supports or opposes any candidate for any elective office, whether local, state, or federal;
Material which may be interpreted as “lobbying” for or against any pending or proposed legislation or referendum;
Material which disparages any race, religion, sexual orientation, ethnic group, nationality, or gender;
Material which is lewd, lascivious, indecent, or offends the ethical standards of AKF;
Material which is defamatory;
Material primarily commercial in nature, including, but not limited to advertising for products or services unrelated to AKF; and,
Material which supports, encourages, or condones enemies of the United States of America, including, but not limited to terrorists.
Links to Third Party Sites
The American Kidney Fund has provided links to Internet sites maintained by third parties, over which the American Kidney Fund has no control. The American Kidney Fund does not endorse the content, operators, products or services of such sites, and the American Kidney Fund is not responsible or liable for the content, operators, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising products, services or other materials on or available from such sites. The American Kidney Fund shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through such sites. It is important to note that the the American Kidney Fund Web site contains links to other sites that may not follow the same privacy policies as the the American Kidney Fund Web site. For instance, clicking on a sponsorship notice will take you to an entirely different site. These sites may use cookies, collect data, and use the data in ways that the American Kidney Fund's Web site does not. Hence, the American Kidney Fund is not responsible for the privacy practices or any information or materials on these other sites. Please visit these sites if you wish to review their privacy policies.
Back to top
nonprofit software