http://www.firsthealth.org/policies-and-terms/financial-assistance
Open Menu
Specialties
Learn about the medical and surgical specialties and sub-specialties we provide.
Directory
Search our directory to find doctors, hospital locations and support groups.
Lifestyle
Explore classes and events designed to improve your health and wellbeing.
Contact
Find general contact and location information, media materials, financial assistance and more.
More
About FirstHealth
Join Our Team
The Foundation of FirstHealth
Visit the Clara McLean House
Pay a Bill Online
Send a Card or Gift to a Patient
Refer Someone Today
Resources
Patient Portal
Patient Education
Medical References
For Physicians
For Employees
Terms & Privacy Policies
Search
How Can We Help You?
Personalized Information
Tell  us about yourself so that we can personalize the site's information for you and your location.
I am a patient
seeking medical attention
I am a visitor
visiting a patient
I am a philanthropist
make a donation
I am a caregiver
taking care of a patient
I am a healthcare professional
industry information
I am a volunteer
helping with my time
Personalized for Patients
I am not a patient
Popular ItemsFind a doctor, hospital or service location Find disease and condition information Pay a bill Release of Health Information
Personalized for Visitors
I am not a visitor
Popular ItemsNeed a place to stay? Download a visitor guide Maps & locations Moore Regional Hospital Moore Regional Hospital-Richmond Montgomery Memorial Hospital Moore Regional Hospital-Hoke Send a card to a patient
Personalized for Philanthropists
I am not a philanthropist
Popular ItemsAbout the Foundation Clara McLean Hospitality House
Personalized for Caregivers
I am not a caregiver
Popular ItemsFind a support group Find a doctor
Personalized for Healthcare Professionals
I am not a healthcare professional
Popular ItemsJob opportunities FirstHealth Physician Group
Personalized for Volunteers
I am not a volunteer
Popular ItemsVolunteer opportunities Clara McLean House Hospice volunteer opportunities
Video
Select Policy / Terms
Overview
Financial Assistance
Notice of Privacy Practices
Physician Recruitment
Privacy Policy
Social Media Code of Conduct
Terms and Conditions
As a not-for-profit health care system, FirstHealth offers financial assistance to eligible patients to ensure health care services are accessible and affordable for all.  Financial assistance eligibility includes free and discounted care options, with the amount of the assistance based on a percentage of the most recent federal poverty guidelines published by the Department of Health and Human Services.   If you believe you may qualify for financial assistance or would like additional information on FirstHealth’s financial assistance program, please contact our Patient Accounts department at (910) 715-1010 or toll-free at (800) 798-6946.
Your estimated financial responsibility will be requested at the time of service. Following your health care services, you will receive a statement reminding you of any outstanding balance due. At this time, payment is expected in full, unless other arrangements have been made.
For your convenience, we accept cash, checks and all major credit cards for payment. In addition, FirstHealth offers you the ability to pay your bill online.
Please refer to our policy, which provides more information about the patient billing process.
Roster of Providers Covered By Credit and Collections Policy
Roster of Providers Excluded From Credit and Collections Policy
We realize that situations can occur where paying your bill may be difficult. Financial assistance may be available. FirstHealth of the Carolinas may be able to provide assistance to you through the following programs:
Financial Assistance Program
Governmental Programs
FirstHealth Payment Plan
Mosaic Finance Solutions
Discount Program
If you have any questions, please contact us at (910) 715-1010 or toll-free at (800) 798-6946, Monday through Friday, between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m.
FirstHealth Patient Account representatives can speak only with the patient or the person designated in writing to receive bills on behalf of the patient. This is required by both federal and state law.
Financial Assistance Program
FirstHealth’s Financial Assistance Program ensures that all eligible individuals can receive medically necessary care at FirstHealth, regardless of their ability to pay.  Our financial counselors will work with you to help determine your eligibility. Patients can qualify for up to a 100 percent discount if their adjusted income is at or below 200 percent of the federal poverty guidelines, which are published in the Federal Register.  Additional discounts are available on a tiered basis up to 360 percent of federal poverty guidelines.  Documentation, such as tax returns and current pay stubs, will be requested to demonstrate financial need.
Any individual that is determined to be eligible for financial assistance under FirstHealth’s Credit and Collections Policy will not be charged more than the amount generally billed by FirstHealth for emergency or other medically necessary care to those individuals that have insurance covering such care.  The portion of the bill a financial assistance-eligible individual is personally responsible for paying is the amount after all deductions, discounts and insurance reimbursements have been applied. Services not eligible for financial assistance include Inpatient Chemical Dependency, Outpatient Behavioral Services and Cosmetic procedures.
To apply for Financial Aid, complete and sign the form below and return to:
FirstHealth of the CarolinasAttn: Patient Accounts Dept.P.O. Box 3000Pinehurst, NC 28374
Financial Aid Application-English
Financial Aid Application-Spanish
Governmental Programs
FirstHealth will assist you with finding governmental programs that match your current needs. Examples include Medicaid, Vocational Rehabilitation, Crime Victim Assistance, etc.
FirstHealth Payment Plans
FirstHealth offers flexible, interest free payment plans depending on the balance of your account. The payment plan guidelines are as follows:
Account Balances less than $2000 - the term will be one (1) year and the minimum payment due will be the greater of $50.00 or 1/12th of the patient balance.
Account Balances $2001 - $5000 - the term may be up to two (2) years and the minimum payment due will be 1/24th of the patient balance.
Account Balances over $5000 - the term may be up to three (3) years and the minimum payment due will be 1/36th of the account balance.
An initial payment of the greater of 10% of the total account balance or $50.00 is required.
For more information on the FirstHealth Payment Plans, contact
Patient Accounts online or call (910) 715-1010 or toll-free at (800) 798-6946, Monday through Friday, between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m.
FirstHealth Patient Account representatives can speak only with the patient or the person designated in writing to receive bills on behalf of the patient. This is required by both federal and state law.
Mosaic Finance Solutions
FirstHealth of the Carolinas has partnered with Mosaic Finance Solutions to offer additional financing options.  Mosaic allows you to finance the costs of medical care with affordable monthly payment options for an extended period of time. You can pay the account with convenient monthly installments which will be 2.5 percent of your highest account balance, or a $25 minimum payment, whichever is more.
To get started, complete the Mosaic Finance Solutions consumer credit agreement (consumer credit agreement spanish version ) and return it to:
FirstHealth of the CarolinasAttn: Patient Accounts Dept.P.O. Box 3000Pinehurst, NC 28374
For more information on the MOSAIC Payment Plan, contact Patient Accounts online or call (910) 715- 1010 or toll-free at (800) 798-6946, Monday through Friday, between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m.
Download Mosaic Finance Solutions Brochure: English/Spanish
FirstHealth Patient Account representatives can speak only with the patient or the person designated in writing to receive bills on behalf of the patient. This is required by both federal and state law.
Discount Program
This program is available to patients without health insurance and insured patients receiving care that is not covered by their insurance plan. A prompt payment discount of 25 percent is available for most services (excluding cosmetic and specially priced self pay programs) when payment is made in full.
Media Inquiries
Submit media related inquires and access media kits and brand guidelines.
Terms & Policies
Read our social media terms and privacy policy.
About FirstHealth
Learn more about FirstHealth’s care network including our four hospitals, dozens of medical clinics, four charitable foundations and more.
News & Events
Find the latest news and events taking place throughout our care network.