http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/assistive-listening-devices/hearing-impaired-phones
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
17
www.HealthyHearing.com
An older couple use an amplified phone.
For those with hearing loss, everyday activities like talking on the phone can be challenging. While some people might avoid talking on the phone so their friends and family don't get frustrated with repeating themselves, amplified phones can help you stay in touch with loved ones.
Catching up with family and friends can
be fun again with an amplified phone.
Studies show people with hearing loss who become isolated have a higher chance of depression compared with those who maintain strong ties with friends and family members. With the help of amplified phones, you can stay in contact.
Amplified telephones
Amplified phones are specifically designed for people with hearing loss, allowing you to turn up the volume as necessary to hear speech clearly. Most people who use amplified phones don't use hearing aids yet, but people with hearing aids can certainly use them, as well. (If you do wear a hearing aid, you may want to read up on hearing aid compatible phones.)
Amplified phones have features that make it easier to hear high-pitched noises, which many people with hearing loss find challenging.
If you have to ask others to repeat themselves often or you avoid phone calls altogether, you might benefit from an amplified phone.
You can purchase an amplified phone with or without a cord or even a mobile phone, depending on your preference.
Extra features on amplified phones
Landline amplified phones will often have special features such as caller ID, large number keys and a speakerphone, which should all be considered. Some phones have the capability to work with a headset, photo dialing, backlit keypads, answering machine or wall mounts. Some phones also will have special alerts that let you know if the phone is not hung up correctly.
Ringers
Do you ever find that you have missed calls completely because you can't hear the telephone ring? Many amplified phones have settings that allow you to turn up the volume on the ringer so that you never miss an important call again. Some models will even have a visual indicator, like a flashing light, so you can see when you are receiving an incoming call. Some phones have the capability of ringing up to five times louder than a traditional telephone.
Telecoils
If you're a hearing aid wearer, you may have a telecoil in your hearing aids. With the flip of a small switch, you can make sure that your hearing aids are only picking up the sound that is coming through the telephone, and not background noise around you.
Portable phone amplifiers
If you travel often or need to understand telephone conversations both at home and at work, you may benefit from using a telephone amplifier, which is a separate device that increases the volume of a regular landline or mobile phone.
In-line amplifiers
Compatible with many types of phone models, in-line telephone amplifiers are best for people with moderate to severe hearing loss. These devices increase sound by up to 40 decibels, and you can control the tone of speech.
Portable amplifiers
People with mild-to-moderate hearing loss may benefit best from using a portable amplifier, which increases sounds by up to 30 decibels. These small devices attach to the headset on a telephone, with a built-in control for volume, so it's simple to make the conversation louder or softer. This is a great option for people who talk on the phone on a regular basis, because an incoming caller may have different settings on their phone.
Do I need an amplified phone?
People with hearing loss have many resources available to make it easier to understand others and communicate properly. If you are unsure if getting an amplified phone is the best option for you, here are some considerations:
How often do you ask family members and friends to repeat themselves while on the phone?
Are you constantly turning up the volume on the radio or television?
Is it difficult to understand conversations in loud restaurants or crowded rooms?
Do you avoid talking on the phone because it is hard to hear the person on the other end of the phone?
Do you find yourself avoiding social situations because you are hard of hearing?
Is hearing more difficult in open spaces than in a closed room?
If you answered yes to any of these questions, chances are you can greatly benefit from having an amplified phone.
Degree of hearing loss
When you are finding the perfect amplified phone to buy, you will need to consider your degree of hearing loss, so that the product you purchase has the clearest quality. The best way to find your degree of hearing loss is by getting a comprehensive hearing evaluation:
Mild hearing loss: If you have mild hearing loss, you may find that conversations aren't always clear. You can hear sound, but it may sound muffled or odd. People with a mild condition may strain while chatting with someone because sounds like "f" and "th" can be difficult to decipher, as well as children's and women's voices. In technical terms, mild hearing loss is defined as being able to hear speech between 26 and 40 decibels.
Moderate hearing loss: Do you find yourself constantly asking other people to repeat themselves? If so, you might be categorized as having moderate hearing loss. People with moderate hearing loss generally are able to hear sounds between 40 and 70 decibels.
Severe hearing loss: If you have severe hearing loss, chances are you are using hearing aids on a regular basis to hear sounds and understand speech. People with severe hearing loss can only hear sounds between 70 and 90 decibels. People with severe hearing loss will benefit from a phone with high amplification.
A hearing test with a qualified hearing care professional can determine your specific degree of hearing loss, you can find the perfect phone that suits your needs.
Talk to a hearing care professional
Hearing healthcare professionals often display and demonstrate amplified phones. You may be able to try different models to see how they work for you. A local practitioner can also help you determine whether you qualify for free or reduced-rate phones from resources in your area.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
You are reading about:
Assistive listening devices / Amplified phones
Related topics
Captioned phones Hearing aid compatible phones TV hearing aid and listening devices FM systems Alerting devices
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Universal signs for hearing loss
The best smartphone decibel meter apps to measure noise levels
National Family Caregivers Month: Caring for those with hearing loss
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Captioned phones
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!