http://www.farad.org/farad-privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is important to us.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Food Animal Residue Avoidance & Depletion Program (FARAD) and governs all data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, all references to the Food Animal Residue Avoidance & Depletion Program include the Food Animal Residue Avoidance Databank,
FARAD, USFARAD, FARMWeb, CAFARAD, www.farad.org, www.usfarad.org, http://cafarad.ucdavis.edu/FARMWeb/ and http://cafarad.ucdavis.edu/citationsearch/.
By using this website, you are consenting to the data practices described in the statements below.
FARAD does not collect personal information, exclusive of information that users provide voluntarily in the course of using certain services available on FARAD-related websites or on-line services.
Examples of information that may be collected include name, email address, phone number and clinic information, if applicable.
We will only use your information for the purpose of communicating with you in relation to services and/or information you have requested from us.
FARAD does not sell, rent, lease or release its user lists to third parties. FARAD may disclose your personal information, without notice,
if required to do so by law.
FARAD uses Google Analytics to keep track of the documents, pages, and services our users visit within FARAD, in order to determine what information and services are the most popular.
Analytics may automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software.
This information can include your browser type, access times, language, geographical location and referring website addresses.
This information is used only for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the FARAD website or FARAD-related services.
This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statement of any other site that collect personally identifiable information.
FARAD reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
FARAD welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy by contacting us at faradwebmaster@gmail.com.
FARAD Data/Information Sharing Policy
The Food Animal Residue Avoidance Databank (FARAD) and programs affiliated with FARAD collect, assimilate and generate information and data that
are directly or indirectly related to the appropriate and safe use of drugs in food-producing animal species.
Information and data that are housed within the FARAD program are divided into three broad categories, as follows:
CATEGORY 1 – includes data and information that are derived from or related to regulatory-based information as well as information available in a variety of published resources.
Data and information in this category are open and freely available to the public.
Information abstracted from governmental sources, including the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), is fully consistent with AMDUCA and made freely available
through websites and mobile apps.
Examples include (1) up-to-date information regarding approved uses, restrictions and required regulatory withdrawal times (WDT)
for drugs approved for use in food-producing animal species made available thru the VetGRAM web page
(farad.org/vetgram/) or the VetGRAM mobile app and
(2)
species-specific web pages
available in both
English (usfarad.org/) and Spanish language (usfarad.org/spanish-farad.html)
versions.
Information related to FARAD recommendations for safe drug withdrawal intervals (WDI) that are based on and derived from a preponderance of scientific data.
Examples include (1) the Withdrawal Interval Lookup (farad.org/wdilookup/), (2) compilations of WDI recommendations for drugs commonly used in food
animals that have been published in FARAD Digests (farad.org/farad-digest-list.html) and (3) science-based methods for estimating and deriving WDI
recommendations that have been published in textbooks and peer-reviewed scientific articles with pharmacokinetic data generated by FARAD investigators.
An interactive web-based Bibliographic Data Resource (cafarad.ucdavis.edu/citationsearch/) that
enables users to search for manuscripts, abstracts, freedom of information documents, and other information resources that contain pharmacokinetic data.
These information resources are warehoused in the FARAD database and are open and freely available to the public.
CATEGORY 2 – includes other types of data and information resources that are not necessarily dependent on federal regulations,
but are still consistent with well-accepted methods and practices in pharmacokinetic analysis.
Data and information in this category are open and freely available
to the public.
Experimentally-derived kinetic data are published and made available in peer-reviewed scientific journal articles and references by the original authors.
FARAD has published this type of data in textbook compilations. Unpublished data are typically of poorer quality and only useful when combined with other data,
as described below.
These data are not new but just organized in a way to help facilitate answering calls.
CATEGORY 3 - includes information and data that involved or otherwise derived from confidential communications.
All of this information
is considered confidential and is not shared with any individuals or organizations external to the FARAD program.
Examples include:
Sponsor information that is shared with FARAD via a Material Transfer Agreement (MTA) for which confidentiality is a component.
Communication Case Log/ Veterinary-Client-Patient Relationship (VCPR) and Case-Specific Information:
This contains specific information regarding extra-label
drug use by veterinarians. Similar to HIPAA, there is sensitive information within the call logs that is based on a veterinarian-client-patient relationship.
Veterinarians submit their questions to FARAD because it is an advising body and has no regulatory jurisdiction. FARAD answers questions for veterinarians,
in confidence, in order to avoid harmful tissue residues even for compounds for which no specific guidance exists and withdrawal data has never been
determined (e.g., contaminants after accidental exposures). Without FARAD, we risk these animals directly entering the food chain. The call log information
also must be interpreted based on mitigating factors that drive the call center and thus cannot be interpreted simply based on numbers.
Communication Case Log/Specific Withdrawal Interval Recommendations for Extra-Label Drug Use: Withdrawal interval recommendations require analysis of
PK data and interpretation of regulations and are determined on a case-by-case basis. This is a central tenet of AMDUCA. FARAD does not have a list of
“withdrawal intervals”. When EACH call is submitted, the process for answering the call and determining the WDI recommendation is as follows:
Ensure that the extra-label drug use is legal.
Perform any drug calculations/conversions to see if the drug is being used on label or extra-label.
Examine the literature for tissue, milk, or egg data for the dose, route, frequency of administration, etc. Verify if the published half-life properly captures the elimination phase.
Evaluate what the tolerance is for the drug and matrix.
If there isn’t any tissue, milk, or egg data, look for plasma data and determine if that data will properly reflect tissue concentrations.
Determine what period of time would be necessary to have the drug eliminated below the tolerance.
Look for foreign approvals and determine if those are comparable to US standards.
Determine if species extrapolation might apply to the case.
If limited data is available, evaluate if a recommendation could be obtained by contacting the drug sponsor.
Updated October 1, 2019