http://www.idsociety.org/termsofuse/
Skip to nav
Skip to content
Membership
MyIDSA
Journals & Publications
Podcasts & Videos
Events
HIVMA
IDSA Foundation
News
Contact Us
Join IDSA
Login
Search
Search
Search
Search
Guidelines
Practice Guidelines
Featured Guidelines
Lyme Disease
Babesiosis
COVID-19: Treatment and Management
Practice Guidelines App
Alphabetical Guidelines List
Guideline Development Process
Public Health
COVID-19
Facts About ID
Patient Stories
Climate Change
Antimicrobial Resistance
Opioid Epidemic
Ebola
Hurricane Resources
Hepatitis C
Lyme Disease
Immunization
Influenza
Measles
Zika
Clinical Practice
Antimicrobial Stewardship Centers of Excellence Program
Compensation
Billing and Coding
Quality Improvement
Telehealth
Medicare
Physician Leadership of Population Health Services
EIN (Emerging Infections Network)
myIDSA Practice Managers Community Opt-in Form
Research
G.E.R.M. Medical Students Grant
LEAP Fellowship
Research & Funding Opportunities
Research & Infrastructure
Professional Development
Leadership Institute
IDWeek
IDWeek Mentorship Program
IDSA Academy
Events
Career Center
Career Paths in ID
CME Opportunities
Maintenance of Certification
Fellows-In-Training Career & Education Center
ID Match
Medical Education Community of Practice
Policy & Advocacy
COVID-19 Advocacy
Take Action
Member Advocacy Program
Access & Reimbursement
Antimicrobial Resistance
Diagnostics
Emerging Infections and Biothreat
Funding Policy
Global Health
Immunization & Vaccination
Infection Prevention & Control
Research & Infrastructure
Workforce Policy
About Us
Mission & Values
History
Strategic Plan
Governance
Board of Directors
IDSA Committees
IDSA/HIVMA Board Elections
Industry Relations
Faces of ID
Inclusion, Diversity, Access & Equity
IDSA StaffLock
Committees
Volunteer
Year in Review
State and Regional Societies
Society Awards
Past Award Lecturers
Membership
MyIDSA
Journals & Publications
Podcasts & Videos
Events
HIVMA
IDSA Foundation
News
Contact Us
MyIDSA
Login
Terms Of Use
These Terms of Use (these “Terms”) set forth the legally binding terms and conditions that govern your use of the website, including the domains and subdomains www.idsociety.org, www.hivma.org and www.sciencespeaksblog.org as well as through other channels and at our events you may attend, and including our downloadable application (collectively referred to as our "Service"), made available or provided by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (“IDSA”, “us”, “our”, and “we”). Certain features of the Service may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Service in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
By accessing or using the Service, you are accepting these Terms (on behalf of yourself or the entity that you represent), and you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into these Terms (on behalf of yourself or the entity that you represent). You may not access or use the Service or accept the Terms if you are not at least 18 years old. If you do not agree with all of the provisions of these Terms, do not access and/or use the Service.
These terms require the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limit the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.
Accounts
1.1 Account Creation. In order to use certain features of the Service, you must register for an account (“Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the account registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Service. IDSA may suspend or terminate your Account in accordance with these Terms.
1.2 Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to immediately notify IDSA of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security. IDSA cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.
Access to the Service
2.1 License. Subject to these Terms, IDSA grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Service solely for your own personal, noncommercial use.
2.2 Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Service, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Service; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Service; (c) you shall not access the Service in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Service may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Service shall be subject to these Terms. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Service (or on any content displayed on the Service) must be retained on all copies thereof.
2.3 Modification. IDSA reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that IDSA will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Service or any part thereof.
2.4 No Support or Maintenance. You acknowledge and agree that IDSA will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Service.
2.5 Ownership. Excluding any User Content that you may provide (defined below), you acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trade marks, and trade secrets, in the Service and its content are owned by IDSA or IDSA’s suppliers. Neither these Terms (nor your access to the Service) transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in Section 2.1 (License). IDSA and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. There are no implied licenses granted under these Terms.
User Content
3.1 User Content. “User Content” means any and all information and content that a user submits to, or uses with, the Service (e.g., content in the user’s profile or postings; content you may submit through our Contact Us form). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party. You hereby represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (below) and, if applicable, our Code of Conduct . You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by IDSA. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy. IDSA is not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire.
3.2 License. You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to IDSA an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing rights, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Service. You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
3.3 Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our “Acceptable Use Policy”:
(a) You agree not to use the Service to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
(b) In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Service any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Service unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii) use the Service to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Service, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Service), whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Service; or (vi) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Service, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to (or to strip, scrape, or mine data from) the Service (provided, however, that we conditionally grant to the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Service for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials, subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file).
3.4 Enforcement. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your User Content, terminating your Account in accordance with these Terms, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
3.5 Feedback. If you provide IDSA with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Service (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to IDSA all rights in such Feedback and agree that IDSA shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. IDSA will treat any Feedback you provide to IDSA as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to IDSA any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold IDSA (and its officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Service, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations or (d) your User Content. IDSA reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of IDSA. IDSA will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
Third-Party Links & Ads; Other Users
5.1 Third-Party Links & Ads. The Service may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third parties (collectively, “Third-Party Links & Ads”). Such Third-Party Links & Ads are not under the control of IDSA, and IDSA is not responsible for any Third-Party Links & Ads. IDSA provides access to these Third-Party Links & Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links & Ads. You use all Third-Party Links & Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Links & Ads.
5.2 Other Users. Each Service user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content. Your interactions with other Service users are solely between you and such users, subject to these Terms and our Code of Conduct. You agree that IDSA will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Service user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
5.3 Release. You hereby release and forever discharge IDSA (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Service (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Service users or any Third-Party Links & Ads). IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
Disclaimers
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND IDSA (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation on Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL IDSA (OR OUR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE, EVEN IF IDSA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM OF FIFTY US DOLLARS (U.S. $50). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Term and Termination.
Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Service. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Service (including your Account) at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Service in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Service will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases. IDSA will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for termination of your Account or deletion of your User Content. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 2.2 through 2.5, Section 3 and Sections 4 through 10.
Copyright Policy.
IDSA respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Service do the same. In connection with our Service, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our online Service who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Service, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
General
10.1 Changes. These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Service. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Service. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service. Continued use of our Service following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
10.2 Dispute Resolution. Please read this Arbitration Agreement carefully. It is part of your contract with IDSA and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
(a) Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. All claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by IDSA that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to, all arbitration proceedings shall be held in English. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and IDSA, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.
(b) Notice Requirement and Informal Dispute Resolution. Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. A Notice to IDSA should be sent to: 4040 Wilson Blvd., Suite 300, Arlington, VA 22203. After the Notice is received, you and IDSA may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. If you and IDSA do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.
(c) Arbitration Rules. Arbitration shall be initiated through the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“ADR Provider”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this section. If AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider. The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms. The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (“Arbitration Rules”) governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules. Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise. If you reside outside of the U.S., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearings. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.
(d) Additional Rules for Non-Appearance Based Arbitration. If non-appearance based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
(e) Time Limits. If you or IDSA pursue arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations (i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the AAA Rules for the pertinent claim.
(f) Authority of Arbitrator. If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and IDSA, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the AAA Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and IDSA.
(g) Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and IDSA in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND THE COMPANY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.
(h) Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
(i) Confidentiality. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.
(j) Severability. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
(k) Right to Waive. Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.
(l) Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with IDSA.
(m) Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or IDSA may bring an individual action in small claims court.
(n) Emergency Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Agreement.
(o) Claims Not Subject to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets shall not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
(p) Courts. In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the geographical bounds of the U.S. Eastern District of Virginia, for such purpose.
10.3 Disclosures. If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Product of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
10.4 Electronic Communications. The communications between you and IDSA use electronic means, whether you use the Service or send us emails, or whether IDSA posts notices on the Service or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from IDSA in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that IDSA provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hardcopy writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.
10.5 Entire Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Service. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation”. If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to IDSA is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without IDSA’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. IDSA may freely assign these Terms. The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon assignees.
10.7 Copyright/Trademark Information. All rights reserved by IDSA. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Service are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
10.8 Contact Information:
If you have any questions regarding the IDSA Terms of Use, please contact IDSA at webhelpdesk@idsociety.org.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Cookies facilitate the functioning of this site including a member login and personalized experience. Cookies are also used to generate analytics to improve this site as well as enable social media functionality.
Ok