http://www.lifetimehf.co.uk/information/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Go to the Lifetime Training Careers home page
0333 0143 669
|
Log in
|
Apprenticeships
Employers
Working with Lifetime
Employer FAQs
Apprenticeship Schemes Explained
Apprenticeship Levy
By Sector
Apprentice Recruitment
Industry News and Analysis
Apprentices
Apprenticeship Vacancies
Advice and Information
Apprenticeship FAQs
Fitness
Hospitality
Health & Social Care
Clinical Health
Childcare & Teaching
Retail
Business & Management
Success Stories
Parents Information
Lifetime's Digital Delivery
Training Courses
Health & Social Care
Adult Care Level 3
Childcare & Teaching
Specialist Support for Teaching & learning in Schools Level 3
Early Years Educator Level 3
Payment Options
About Us
About Us
Our Team
Careers with Lifetime
Contact Us
Blog
24 years’ experience
93% learner satisfaction score
20,000 learners trained a year
24 years’ experience
93% learner satisfaction score
Privacy Policy
Lifetime Training is committed to protecting your personal data. This policy explains how and why we use your personal data to make sure you remain informed and in control of your information.
Lifetime Training will ask its learners or potential learners to “opt-in” to receive information about our products and courses. This means you’ll have the choice as to whether you want to receive these messages.
You can choose not to receive information or change how we contact you at any time. If you would like to, please let us know by:
Emailing: contactpreferences@lifetimetraining.co.uk
Writing to us at our company address:
Lifetime Training Group
Floor Eleven Clifton Heights
Triangle West
Clifton BRISTOL
BS8 1EJ
Telephone: 0333 0143 699 (Mon to Fri: 9am-5.30pm Sat and Sun: Closed)
We will never sell your personal data. We may share personal data with other organisations who we work with to provide the service to you. However, these activities will will be carried out under contracts which have strict requirements to keep your information confidential and secure.
Questions
Any questions you have about this policy or how we use your personal data should be sent to:  dataprotectionofficer@lifetimetraining.co.uk or addressed to: The Data Protection Officer at the postal address given above.
About Us
Your personal data (i.e. any information which identifies you, or which can be identified as relating to you) will be collected and used by Lifetime Training which is a private limited company with Company No: 03263608 and data controller number Z5165342.
For the purposes of data protection law, Lifetime Training will be the Data Controller.
What information do we collect?
Personal data you give to us
We collect data you give to us. For example:
Personal details (name, date of birth, email, address, telephone, education details etc.) when you sign up to an apprenticeship agreement
Data known as sensitive personal data (ethnicity, additional learning needs)
Financial information (payment information such as credit/debit card or direct debit details.
Information created by your involvement with Lifetime Training
Your activities and involvement with Lifetime Training create additional personal data, for example, information about your education progress and qualifications.
We may analyse your personal data to build a profile which helps us decide which of our communications you might be interested in.
Information from other organisations
We sometimes receive personal data from other organisations, for example, where they have passed us information about people who are interested in our apprenticeships and training courses.
Social Media
We work with external marketing agencies who provide information about people who have registered an interest in Lifetime Training's courses and where they have given appropriate consent to be contacted.
Digital Marketing Service Providers
We periodically appoint digital marketing agents to conduct business to business marketing activity on our behalf and such activity may result in the compliant processing of personal information.  This includes contacting individuals within organisations which may be interested in the services Lifetime Training has to offer.
Our appointed data processors include: (i) Prospect Global Ltd (trading as SoPro) Reg. UK Co. 09648733.  You can contact SoPro and view their privacy policy here: http://sopro.io.  SoPro are registered with the ICO Reg: ZA346877 their Data Protection Officer can be emailed at: dpo@sopro.io.
Sensitive personal data
We may collect or store data known as sensitive personal data (such as information relating to additional learning needs or ethnicity). We will do this where we have been asked to do so by official Government agencies or where the information is needed for the assessment of additional educational support needs.
If we do this, we’ll take extra care to ensure your personal data is protected.
Accidents or incidents
If an accident or incident occurs in one of our training centres or involving one of our employees then we’ll keep a record of this (which may include personal data and sensitive personal data).
How do we use personal information?
We only ever use your personal data with your consent, or where it is necessary:
To enter into, or perform, a contract with you
To comply with a legal duty
To protect your vital interests; this means, for example, keeping you safe from harm
For our own (or a third party's) lawful interests, provided your rights are not affected
We will only use your information for the purpose or purposes it was collected for.
Administration
We use personal data for administrative purposes. This includes:
Receiving payment (e.g. direct debits or payment card details)
Maintaining databases of our learners and their educational progress
Performing our obligations under apprenticeship or training contracts
Helping us respect your choices and preferences (e.g. if you ask not to receive marketing material, we’ll keep a record of this).
Marketing
We use personal data to communicate with people and to promote Lifetime Training. This includes keeping you up to date with our news and offerings.
Research and Analysis
We may carry out research and analysis on the data we hold to understand behaviour and responses and identify patterns and trends.
We evaluate, categorise and profile personal data to tailor services and communications we send out (including targeted advertising) and to prevent unwanted material from being sent to you.
Anonymised data
We may combine sets of personal data and change the personal data so that it can no longer be linked to any particular person. This information may then be used to monitor Lifetime Training’s business performance or to identify trends or patterns within our existing learner database.
Disclosing and sharing data
We will never sell your personal data. If you have opted-in to marketing, we may contact you with information about further opportunities in education.
We may share personal data with other organisations who provide us with services. For example, we may use an IT supplier to process personal data. However, these activities will be carried out under contracts which have strict requirements to keep your information confidential and secure.
Marketing
Lifetime Training will ask its learners and contacts to “opt-in” for marketing communications. This means you’ll have the choice as to whether you want to receive these messages.
Young people
As an education provider, we regularly process the personal data relating to young people who enquire about courses and training opportunities.
How do we protect personal data?
We use a variety of physical and technical methods to keep your data safe and to prevent unauthorised access or sharing of your personal information.
Electronic data and databases are stored on secure computer systems and we control who has access to information using both physical and electronic means.
Our employees receive data protection training and we have a set of detailed data protection procedures which personnel are required to follow when handling personal data.
Payment security
All electronic forms that request financial data will use secure web technology to encrypt the data between your web browsers and our computers.
If you use a credit card we will pass your credit card details securely to our payment provider. Lifetime Training complies with the payment card industry data security standard (PCI-DSS) published by the PCI Security Standards Council, and will never store card details.
CCTV
Some of our premises have CCTV and you may be recorded when you visit them. CCTV is there to help provide security and to protect both you and Lifetime Training. CCTV will only be viewed when necessary (e.g. to detect or prevent crime) and footage is only stored temporarily. Unless it is flagged for review CCTV will be recorded over.
Lifetime Training complies with the Information Commissioner’s Office CCTV Code of Practice and we put up notices so you know when CCTV is in use.
Storage of personal data
Where Lifetime Training information is stored
Lifetime Training’s operations are based in the UK and we store our data primarily within the European Economic Area (EEA).
Lifetime Training will occasionally use services outside of the EEA to process personal data, but only where the service ensures an adequate level of protection and where appropriate safeguards have been provided.
How long does Lifetime Training Keep information for?
We will only use and store information for as long as it is needed for the purposes it was collected for. How long we keep information depends on the information and what it’s used for. For example, if you ask us not to send you marketing emails, we will stop storing your emails for marketing purposes (though we’ll keep a record of your preference not to be emailed).
We continually review what information we hold and delete what is no longer required. We never store payment card information.
How do we ensure that you remain in control of your data?
We want to ensure you remain in control of your personal data and that you understand your legal rights which include:
The right to ask and be told whether or not we have your personal data and, if we do to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold (this is known as a subject access request)
The right to have your data deleted (though this will not apply where it is necessary for us to continue to use the data to administer your training course or apprenticeship.
The right to have incorrect data amended
The right to object to your data being used for marketing purposes or profiling
Please note that there are some exceptions to the rights above and, although we will always try to respond to your satisfaction, there may be situations where we are unable to do so.
If you would like further information on your rights please write to or email our Data Protection Officer at the addresses given in section 1.
We can provide you with a subject access form template which includes guidance on how to make your request and will help us respond more quickly. Please contact us for a copy of this.
Complaints
You can complain to Lifetime Training directly by contacting our Data Protection Officer using the contact details set out above. If you would like to make a complaint which does not directly relate to your data protection and privacy rights please see Lifetime Training’s complaints policy which is available here.
If you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to the UK Information Commissionier's Office which regulates and enforces data protection law in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk.
Cookies and links to other sites
Cookies
For information relating to cookies and to set your preferences, please refer to our Privacy Preferences page.
Links to other websites
Our website contains hyperlinks to many other websites. We are not responsible for the content or functionality of any of those external websites (but please let us know if a link is not working by using the 'Contact us' link at the top of the web page).
If an external website requests personal information from you, the information you provide will not be covered by the Lifetime Training’s privacy policy. We suggest you read the privacy policy of any website before providing any personal information.
When purchasing goods or services from any of the businesses that our site links to, you will be entering into a contract with them (agreeing to their terms and conditions) and not with Lifetime Training.
Changes to this privacy policy
We'll amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure it remains up-to-date and accurately reflects how and why we use your personal data. The current version of our Privacy Policy will always be posted on our website.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14/04/2020
Got a question?
Call us  0333 0143 669
Contact us
Close
Request a call back
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
Area of Interest
*
Self-funded courses
Apprenticeships for me
Apprenticeships for my staff/business
Apprentice recruitment for my business
Existing learner enquiry
Company name
*
Ask a question
*
Lifetime Training Login
__________
The Portal
The Portal is a tool for apprenticeship learners and managers to track learner progression and upload evidence.
Portal Login
___________
FUSE
FUSE is an online learning community where apprenticeship learners can access resources, and interact with tutors and other learners.
Fuse Login
__________
MyLifetime
MyLifeTime is an online learning community where course learners can access resources, and interact with tutors and other learners.
MyLifetime Login
___________
Apprenticeship Job Boards
The Apprenticeship Job Board - click here to apply for apprenticeship jobs and view your applications.
Job Board Login