https://www.nfcr.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
NFCR respects the privacy of its donors and, accordingly, has adopted and adheres to the following Donor Privacy Policy. Our Donor Privacy Policy applies to all donors to NFCR, including on-line donors and “off-line” donors.
NFCR collects and maintains the following types of donor information when such items of information voluntarily are provided to us:
Contact information, such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address;
Giving information and giving history;
Information on events attended, publications received and special requests for program information; and
Information provided by donors in the form of comments and suggestions.
This confidential information is retained by NFCR for its internal purposes and also to assist donors who need verification for tax purposes of charitable contributions they have made to NFCR. We may use aggregate data of donors for such purposes as to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections, as well as to understand donors’ interests in our mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. This information is shared with staff, officers, members of our Board of Directors, and professional consultants only on an as-authorized, confidential and need-to-know basis. All personally identifiable information is maintained in a secure data base, protected by state-of-the art firewall technology which is maintained and upgraded, as needed, by a professional information technology firm.
List Sharing (Rentals and Exchanges): Right of Donor to Opt-Out; Correcting and Updating Donor Information
NFCR never sends out mailings on behalf of other organizations. However, in accordance with the standards set forth by the Direct Marketing Association, like most other nonprofit organizations, NFCR may from time to time rent and/or exchange its list of donors with other organizations, as a way to defray mailing costs so that more dollars go into funding vital cancer research. Whether by exchange or rental, the lists are protected by strict privacy procedures. All exchanges are made on a “blind” and “one-time” basis. Lists are never given into the physical possession of the organization which has rented or exchanged them. Instead, usually through a list broker, the list, either in the form of labels or electronic media, is sent to a mail house which prepares the mailing without the mailing organization ever seeing who is on the rented or exchanged list. The only way an organization can gain possession of a name from a rented or exchanged list is when a person who receives the solicitation responds to the organization. NFCR ensures that vendors involved in this process hold all donor names and addresses in strict confidence and do not offer lists to third parties.
If for any reason at all, a donor wishes not have his or her name and address shared with other organizations, NFCR will remove the donor’s name and address from the list which is rented or exchanged. To request to have your name and contact information suppressed from our donor list before it is rented or exchanged, you can call us toll-free at 1-800-321 CURE (2873); or send us an e-mail at info@nfcr.org. We promptly will honor your request.
In addition to the above, NFCR annually provides to donors, in a written appeal, a “check-off” box which the donor can check and return to NFCR to inform NFCR that the donor does not want the donor’s name and address included in any NFCR list which is made available for rental or exchange with other organizations or otherwise shared outside of NFCR. We promptly will honor your request.
If you wish to make any corrections or changes to your name and contact information, please let us know by writing to President Office, National Foundation for Cancer Research, 5515 Security Lane, Suite 1105, Rockville, MD 20852; calling us toll-free at 1-800-321 CURE (2873); or sending us an e-mail at info@nfcr.org.
NFCR Honors Requests from Donors Not to Receive Communications or Not to Receive Communications in a Certain Format or Medium
It is the policy of NFCR to honor the preferences of donors with regard to receiving communications from us, including the preference of the donor not to receive from us communications through certain media, such as the United States Postal Service or communications which are sent electronically, e.g., e-mails, texts and social media posts. NFCR also respects your decision to decline to receive communications from us in any format or medium. To make your preference known to NFCR, you can send a notice to President Office, National Foundation for Cancer Research, 5515 Security Lane, Suite 1105, Rockville, MD 20852; call us toll-free at 1-800-321 CURE (2873); or send us an e-mail at info@nfcr.org. We promptly will honor your request.
We maintain a record of all requests by persons who express to us their preference not to be contacted by or on behalf of NFCR.
Online User Privacy Policy
National Foundation for Cancer Research (NFCR) respects the privacy of its online users and, accordingly, has adopted and adheres to the following Online User Privacy Policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
National Foundation for Cancer Research collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. National Foundation for Cancer Research also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by National Foundation for Cancer Research. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by National Foundation for Cancer Research for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the National Foundation for Cancer Research Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through National Foundation for Cancer Research public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: National Foundation for Cancer Research does not read any of your private online communications.
National Foundation for Cancer Research encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from National Foundation for Cancer Research so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. National Foundation for Cancer Research is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the National Foundation for Cancer Research and National Foundation for Cancer Research family of Web sites.
Collection of Information from Children
National Foundation for Cancer Research does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to provide it with their personal information without parental or guardian consent. If you believe National Foundation for Cancer Research has collected any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact National Foundation for Cancer Research at info@nfcr.org.
Use of your Personal Information
This confidential information is retained by NFCR for its internal purposes and also to assist donors who need verification for tax purposes of charitable contributions they have made to NFCR. We use this internal information for such purposes as to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections, as well as to understand donors’ interests in our mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. This information is shared with staff, officers, members of our Board of Directors, and professional consultants only on an as-authorized, confidential and need-to-know basis.
National Foundation for Cancer Research collects and uses your personal information to operate the National Foundation for Cancer Research Web site and deliver the services you have requested. National Foundation for Cancer Research also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from National Foundation for Cancer Research and its affiliates. National Foundation for Cancer Research may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
National Foundation for Cancer Research may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to National Foundation for Cancer Research, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
National Foundation for Cancer Research does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
National Foundation for Cancer Research keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within National Foundation for Cancer Research, in order to determine what National Foundation for Cancer Research services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within National Foundation for Cancer Research to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
National Foundation for Cancer Research Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on National Foundation for Cancer Research or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of National Foundation for Cancer Research; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of National Foundation for Cancer Research, or the public.
National Foundation for Cancer Research and our trusted third parties may share with one another anonymous versions of user information collected at this site.  We may use that information to link to and issue anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising purposes. Such cookies do not contain personally identifiable Information.  If you would like to opt out of online behavioral advertising, click on one of these links: http://www.aboutads.info/choices  or  http://networkadvertising.org/choices.
Use of Cookies
The National Foundation for Cancer Research Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize National Foundation for Cancer Research pages, or register with National Foundation for Cancer Research site or services, a cookie helps National Foundation for Cancer Research to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same National Foundation for Cancer Research Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the National Foundation for Cancer Research features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the National Foundation for Cancer Research services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
National Foundation for Cancer Research secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. National Foundation for Cancer Research secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
List Sharing (Rentals and Exchanges): Right of Donor to Opt-Out
NFCR never sends out mailings on behalf of other organizations. However, in common with most charities in the health care area, NFCR rents and exchanges its list of donors with other charities. NFCR does so in order to provide opportunities for persons to become new donors to NFCR. Broadening the basis of our donor support is important to us because it provides a secure source of funding to support our operations and cancer research. However, NFCR promptly honors the request by a donor to remove the donor’s name and contact information from the donor list before it is rented to or exchanged with another organization. We will suppress the donor’s name and contact information so it does not appear in the list which is rented or exchanged. To request to have your name and contact information suppressed from our donor list before it is rented or exchanged, you can send a notice to President Office, National Foundation for Cancer Research, 5515 Security Lane, Suite 1105, Rockville MD 20852; call us toll-free at 1-800-321 CURE (2873); or send us an e-mail at info@nfcr.org. We promptly will honor your request.
NFCR Honors Requests from Donors to Not Receive Communications or Not to Receive Communications in a Certain Format or Medium
It is the policy of NFCR to honor the preferences of donors with regard to receiving communications from us, including the preference of the donor to not receive from us communications through certain media, such as the United States Postal Service or communications which are sent electronically, e.g., e-mails, texts and social media posts. NFCR also respects your decision to decline to receive communications from us in any format or medium. To make your preference known to NFCR, you can send a notice to President Office, National Foundation for Cancer Research,5515 Security Lane, Suite 1105, Rockville MD 20852; call us toll-free at 1-800-321 CURE (2873); or send us an e-mail at info@nfcr.org. We promptly will honor your request.
We maintain a record of all requests by persons who express to us their preference not to be contacted by or on behalf of NFCR.
Changes to this Statement
National Foundation for Cancer Research will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. National Foundation for Cancer Research encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how National Foundation for Cancer Research is protecting your information.
Contact Information
National Foundation for Cancer Research welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that National Foundation for Cancer Research has not adhered to this Statement, please contact National Foundation for Cancer Research at info@nfcr.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
National Foundation for Cancer Research 5515 Security Lane, Suite 1105
Rockville, MD 20852
1-800-321-CURE (2873)
info@nfcr.org
NAVIGATIONAbout Us
Contact
Donate
Privacy Policy
Other Policies
Terms of Use
Financials & 990
Sign up to Receive Latest News
The National Foundation for Cancer Research (NFCR) is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt nonprofit organization.
Tax ID #: 04-2531031
© Copyright 2020 National Foundation for Cancer Research. All Rights Reserved. Website designed and maintained by USABAL Solutions
×
Your ticket for the: Privacy Policy
Title
Privacy Policy
USD
Close
Print
×