https://www.opencollege.info/information/disability-policy/
Super LOW Cost
Competitive Fees
Our unbreakable
Promise and Guarantee
Accredited Open College Diploma Certificate
FREE MembershipsFor ALL Students
Disability Policy
Open College aims to treat all disabled students equally.
We are fully committed to making specific and individual arrangements/adjustments to enable students with any form of disability to participate as fully as possible in all our home study, distance learning courses – with ease.
Disabled student needs are taken into account as far as is possible, providing assistance and necessary adaptations within the resources available.
Students with a wide range of disabilities have successfully completed Open College courses of study without any problems.
Please feel free to contact us personally or through someone on your behalf to discuss your personal needs.
DISTANCE Learning Courses
HOME Study Courses
LOW Cost Competitive Fees
We provide courses for a wide range of Companies, NHS, Schools, Colleges & Universities - View them here
Open College UK are a Recognised Registered Training Organisation & Organisational Member of the Association for Coaching. OMACOpen College UK are a Registered Member & Approved Training Centre of the Complementary Medical Association CMAOpen College UK are a Registered Learning Provider - Registration Number: UKPRN: 10021628Open College UK are a Recognised Registered Member of the FSB - Federation of Small Businesses: 51324567Accredited by the SFTR - National UK Therapists Register - (SFTR Accredited Courses)
Company Director is fully insured accredited registered therapist.
SHTC Entry Level & Practitioner Level Accreditation & Membership AvailabilityOpen College UK Ltd - Registered D-U-N-S® Number: 346575066Category - UK Limited Company - Education Classification (SIC) - Technical & vocational secondary education (85320)
Open College UK Ltd is a fully GDPR compliant and ICO registered Company. ICO Registration number: ZA361896
Organizationally Validated SSL Secure Website. Open College UK Ltd has been validated by GeoTrust Inc.To secure your personal & financial data.
Registered Limited Company - Open College UK Ltd - Company Registration Number: 5462919 - Registered In EnglandCompany VAT Registration Number: GB861328133
Trade Marks: Open College™ - Open College UK™ - Open College Courses™ The Open College™ name/s is property of Open College UK Ltd. All content unless stated otherwise is owned property of this Company.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website please select Read More for details. If you do not want cookies please select No otherwise select OK.OkNoRead more