https://www.healthseakers.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy is for those who are concerned about their PII (Personally identifiable information) and how it is used online. As used in US privacy law, PII is data that may be used alone or alternatively in conjunction with other information, to locate or contact a person, or in the identification of an individual in context. In a bid to gain a clear understanding of how our company collects, handles, and uses you PII in accordance with our website, we advise you to read our privacy policy thoroughly. Please see Health Seakers Privacy Policy here.
Registering on Our Website
What Personal info Is Collected from Visitors to Our App, Website, and Blog?
When registering with or ordering from our site, you will be required to enter some of your personal details. These may include your name, mailing address, email address, and credit card details.
When does our company collect such information?
Such data will be collected when you subscribe to or newsletter, register with us for the first time, or place an item in your shopping basket with us.
How does our company then go on to use your information?
Use of Data Given to Us
Health Seakers Privacy Policy use data you give us with in the following ways:
• To ensure your experience as a user is a personalized one, allowing us to deliver to you products, offers, and contents of interest to you.
• To give you a better quality service, whilst also improving our website
• To allow us to respond to your customer service requests in a better manner, providing an overall better service to you.
• In the administration of promotions, contests, surveys, and other features on our website
• To ensure the swift processing of the transactions you make with us
• To send emails to you, periodically, regarding our products, offers, and services.
Protecting our visitors’ information
We regularly scan our website for known vulnerabilities and security issues and whole, ensuring the visits you make to our website are and remain as safe as possible.
We use Malware Scanning for Our Website.
The personal data you give to us when you initially sign up is contained behind very secure networks. It is only accessible by a small amount of people who have been granted access rights to our systems. These people are required to keep all the info completely confidential. In addition to this, any credit data or other sensitive data and info you share with us is encrypted via SSL technology.
Security Measures Implemented by Us
We currently implement a large variety of different security measures when you place order with us via one of our entrusted users or when your personal data is accessed for Health Seakers Privacy Policy. This ensures the safety of your personal information.
Any transactions you make with us is processed using a gateway provider; your details are neither stored nor are they processed on our servers.
Use of Cookies
Yes. Cookies are necessary. They are small files a website or service provider transfers to the hard drive of your computer through your browser. This will only happen if you allow cookies on your web browser. Cookies allow the service provider’s system or webpage to recognize your browser in the future, capturing and remembering certain data that you give it. An example of how cookies are used in the way our company use them to remember the items that you add to your shopping cart. Cookies are also useful for helping us interpret your preferences, based on previous times you used our webpages and your activity therein. In turn, This allows us to improve the service our company provides. Cookies are also used to Compile data about site known as “aggregate data” as well as interaction and website traffic. Once again, This allows us to improve our company and to provide you with better browsing with our site in the future.
Our Use of Cookies Helps us to:
• Remember and process items you add to your shopping cart on our website
• Save and make sense of the decisions of our users for other visits.
• Compile “aggregate” information about website visits and traffic. This in turn allows us to provide you better features and an overall improvement in your browsing . This data may also be tracked on your behalf by third party services that are trusted by ourselves.
If you wish to, you can select the option on your computer so that you will receive a warning each time a cookie is being sent. Alternatively, you may choose to turn off cookies on your browser altogether at Health Seakers Privacy Policy. You can do This through the setting of your chosen web browser. As different web browsers have different methods, refer to the help menu on your browser if you are at all uncertain.
It is important to understand that if you disable cookies, some features that make your browsing experience more efficient will also be turned off. This may also mean that some of our items will no longer function correctly, until you once again enable cookies.
Can you Remove, Modify, or Opt Out of info your Provided Us With?
If you wish to remove all the details our system has collected from you, This can be done by clicking on the live chat or Contact button that is displayed on our homepage.
Please understand that any details that were collected for the purpose of successfully completing a purchase may be maintained with us for our own records.
Third party Disclosures
We do not trade, in any way, your PII with outside parties, unless We first give you notice of our intent to do so. This also applies to the sale of your PII. Not included here are other companies who help us with the operating of our website such as our hosting partners, or those that assist us with servicing you conducting our business. All details supplied to such companies will always remain confidential. We may also, in compliance with the law, release your information, when the aforementioned release is believed to be appropriate for compliance, enforcement of our webpage policies, or ian attempt to protect our rights, property, and safety, or that of others. Information that is non-personally identifiable from our visitors may be provided to other companies for advertising and marketing purposes.
Third party Links
On occasion, and only at our discretion, third party services and products on our website may be offered to you. In This case, these sites will have their own, independent privacy policies. For such reason, We have no liability or responsibility for the activities or content of these linked webpages. Having said this, it is important to understand that We always seek to protect the integrity of our website, and feedback is welcome you may have about these websites.
Transfer of Personal Information
Your information, that includes your personal information, may be maintained or transferred to computers that are located outside your state, country, province, or other governmental jurisdiction where laws on data and protection can differ from those of your own jurisdiction.
We take all the reasonably and necessary steps to ensure that your details is treated in accordance with This Privacy Policy, in the most secure manner. We take steps to help ensure your data will not be transferred to a country or other organization if there aren’t adequate controls in place. These controls should always include the security of your personal data.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In the case of an asset sale, acquisition, or merger, your details may be transferred. However, before the transferal of your data, you will be sent notice of intent, most especially if your information will then become the subject of a different Privacy Policy.
If required by law, We may, under certain circumstances, disclose your personal detailsto public authorities that have a valid request to do so. This could be a government agency or a court house.
Retention of Personal Details Supplied to Us
Health Seakers Privacy Policy keep your personal details with us for as long as is necessary, for the purposes that our company have already set out in the privacy policy. We will keep and use such datainformation in compliance with our legal obligations. An example of This is if our company must retain yourdetails in a bid to comply with applicable laws, or to resolve a dispute, or to enforce our policies and legal agreements.
Information Regarding data Protection Rights: General data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
In accordance with, and for the purpose of our privacy policy, our company is known as a data Controller, a controller of your personal details you supplied to us.
If you are an EAA resident, the legal basis on which We are allowed to collect your personal details that We describe to you in our policy, depends on specific context of the info We collect. Reasons for processing your personal details are as follows:
Policy That You have With Us
• We need your it to make up a contract with you. This could be when you initially make a policy with us
• You have already given us your permission to do so
• The processing of your details is in our legitimate interests. Your own rights do not override our right to process your information.
• For the Processing of Payments
• In compliance with the law
As an EEA resident, you have protection rights. Under certain circumstances, these may include:
• The right to delete, update, and access details and personal information stored about you
• The right to object, restrict, and the right of rectification
• The right to withdraw your consent at any time
• The right to portability of information
Before responding to such requests, We may ask you to go through some identity verification steps. Please understand that We may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You may complain to a Protection Authority about the use and collection of your personal information. You can find out more by contacting your local authority department.
Service Providers
Our website is facilitated through the use of third party individuals and companies. These are known as our service providers, whom, on our behalf, perform tasks related to our website as well as assisting us in the analyzing of our website usage. Such companies will have access to your data, but only to perform these aforementioned task; they are obligated to never disclose your personal details for any other purpose.
Analytics from Google Analytics
o Google Analytics is a service offered by Google that tracks web analytics and reports the amount of traffic that arrives at a website. Google uses the infomation it collects to monitor the use of our service, the information also being shared with other Google Services. In turn, it is possible that Google will use the findings it collects to contextualize and personalize the advertising of its own network.
o If you so wish, you can opt out by downloading and installing an opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics. The add-on prevents the sharing of info about visits and activities by Google Analytics
o For more in-depth details surrounding the privacy practices of Google, visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page found here
• Payments processors
As part of our website processes, We offer paid products and services. For such cases, We use payment processers other than our own. Your credit card details will not be collected or stored on our servers. It is given to our company-trusted payment processers. Use of your personal details is governed by their own privacy policies. Such processers also adhere to the standards that are set by PCI-DSS and that are managed by the PCI “Security Standards Council”
Contact Us
For any questions that you have surrounding our Privacy Policy, don’t hesitate to contact us for any necessary clarification.
Search for:
Please follow & like us :)
Recent Posts
The Reef at Kings Dock Located at Harbourfront Avenue Launching Soon With Unblock Views of Sentosa
Ideas For Exterior Painting For Your Home
Tips on Buying Real Estate For Investors
Midtown Modern by Guocoland Launching at Bugis
The Power of Pets in Real Estate
Recent CommentsArchives
September 2020
June 2020
May 2020
March 2020
January 2020
November 2019
August 2019
July 2019
May 2019
March 2019
January 2019
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
March 2018
Categories
Home Improvement
Interior Design
Investment
Legal
Location
New Project
Real Estate
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org