http://www.tsfre.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About the Foundation
History, Mission, and Philosophy of TSF
Board of Directors/Leadership
Annual Reports
Newsletters
Finance
Press Releases/Announcements
Why Support TSF
Research
Surgical Outreach
Awards
Award Offerings
2021 Awards Timeline
Award Committee/Leadership
Award Recipient Listing
Additional Grant Resources
Annual Meetings
Corporate Donors
TSF Virtual 5K
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting THORACICSURGERYFOUNDATION.ORG. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site.
Information We Collect
On the Contact Us page, you can request more information about TSF services. The types of personally identifiable information that are collected on these pages include: name, address, organization name, email address, telephone number, fax number, and information about your interests.
Qualifying members will be able to access members only area and other secure locations.
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you information about services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We may use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when an event is approaching.
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them relevant information you select. From time to time, we also may use this information to notify about similar content that may be of interest to them.
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., abstract title & author block), we may publish this and other information you have provided to us.
Staff and contractors of TSF who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for TSF.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Statement.
Cookies & Web Beacons
To enhance your experience with our site, some of our web pages use “cookies”. Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to streamline restricted access to our sites. For example, we may use cookies to keep you logged into a secure area even if you chose to visit another site.
“Web beacons” or clear gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may use web beacons on this site from time to time for this and other purposes.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the TSF online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us here.
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
The Privacy Notice posted on this site was updated on March 28, 2016.
Mission Statement
To foster the development of surgeon scientists in cardiothoracic surgery; increasing knowledge and innovation to benefit patient care.
COVID-19 Message from TSF President, Joseph Bavaria, MD
Donating to TSFDonate
TSF/STS Surgeon Match Challenge
Print Donation Form
Planned Giving Options
Why give to TSF
Funds at Work
Contact
Grant & Fellowship Deadlines The deadline for the 2021 TSF Research Awards is September 15, 2020.
Contact Us The Thoracic Surgery Foundation
633 N. St. Clair Street,
21st Floor
Chicago, IL 60611
Phone: 312-202-5868
Fax: 773-289-0871
tsf@sts.org
Connect on Social Media
©
2020 TSF – The Thoracic Surgery Foundation. All rights reserved. - Privacy Policy - Site Design Academic Web Pages.