http://www.blayneyvets.com.au/terms-of-use/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYou are here: Home / Terms of UseAgreement Between User And Provet Pty Ltd (ABN 46 076 468 481)
Welcome to the Blayney Veterinary Hospital (“Blayney Vets”) website or associated website at www.blayneyvets.com.au (“the Website”). The Website is comprised of various Web pages operated by Provet Pty Ltd (“Provet”).
Your use of the Website is subject to the Terms of Use (“Terms”) set out in this document. Provet Pty Ltd reserves the right to change any of these Terms effective immediately upon posting to the Website. By visiting and using the Website, You agree to accept these Terms. Please take the time to read them carefully.
If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please do not use the Website. Please also review our Privacy Policy, Privacy Collection Notice and Terms and Conditions of Sale (“the Conditions”) as applicable, which also govern Your visit to and use of the Website.
Permitted Use
All Content and software contained on this Website is the property of Blayney Vets, Provet and/or its associated companies and is protected by Australian and international copyright laws. You are only authorised to view and retain a copy of pages of this Website for Your own personal use while visiting the Website. You may not duplicate, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the Content or software contained on this Website without Blayney Vets and/or Provet Pty Ltd’s written permission.
Disclaimer
Provet and Blayney Vets make no representations about, and accept no responsibility or liability for, the accuracy or currency of the information, content or links provided on the Website. The information and content provided on the Website are for informational purposes only and are not intended to be a substitute for professional veterinary advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the professional advice of your veterinarian regarding your animal’s specific medical condition.
Your Contributions to the Website
Provet and Blayney Vets welcome Your participation in and contribution to the Blayney Veterinary Hospital Website, subject to these Terms. You may contribute to the Website by uploading or submitting (called “posting”), among other things, any comments, suggestions, ideas, questions, articles, links or photographs (called “Your Contribution”) as provided for at various places on the Website.
Provet or Blayney Vets are not liable for, and accept no responsibility for, the loss or destruction of any of the content of Your Contribution posted to the Website. It is Your responsibility to keep back-up copies of anything that You post to the Website.
While Your participation is encouraged and welcomed, Provet or Blayney Vets are not able to view Your Contribution before it is posted to the Website. Contributions by users of the Website do not necessarily represent the views of Provet or Blayney Vets, their employees, officers, agents, associated companies or advertising or other partners. Provet or are not liable for, and accept no responsibility for, the content of user’s Contributions.
By posting Your Contribution to the Website, you grant Blayney Vets and Provet, their associated companies, advertising or other partners a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute or display any or all of Your Contribution throughout the world in any media. This licence is for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting the Website.
By posting Your Contribution to the Website, you represent and warrant that the content of Your Contribution is accurate, does not breach this Policy, and that You own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that You post.
Other Contributions to the Website
All Content and software contained on this Website is the property of Blayney Vets, Provet and/or its associated companies and is protected by Australian and international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. The Blayney Vets logo is a trademark of Blayney Veterinary Hospital. You may not use the Blayney Vets logo or any other proprietary graphic or trademark of in any way without the prior written permission of Blayney Veterinary Hospital.
Links, Search Results and Other Websites
When using the search functions on the Website, they may automatically produce search results containing links to other third party websites. The Website content may also contains links to third party websites for Your convenience. Provet or Blayney Vets have no control over these websites, or the content within them. Provet or Blayney Vets do not warrant or represent that the content contained in any third party website is accurate, legal or inoffensive in accordance with this Policy. Provet or Blayney Vets do not endorse the content of any third party website and do not represent or warrant that any such websites will not contain viruses or otherwise impact Your computer.
By using this Website to search for or link to another third party website, You agree that Provet Pty Ltd or Blayney Vets are not liable for, and accept no responsibility for, any damages or losses arising due to Your link to and use of any third party website.
If You have a problem with a link from the Website, please contact Blayney Vets via our Contact Us form and we will investigate and take appropriate action as required.
Prohibited Material
When using the Website, you must ensure that the content of Your Contributions does not contain any illegal or prohibited content including any which:
is obscene, offensive, racist, threatening, or harmful to any corporation, group or individual, including minors;
violates the Website’s Privacy Policy, or invades the privacy of anyone visiting or shopping at the Website;
is defamatory, false or misleading or otherwise damaging to or other users of the Website;
infringes Blayney Veterinary Hospital’s copyright, Provet’s copyright, or any other person or corporation’s copyright or other intellectual property rights;
is pornographic or displays other sexual or violent images;
consists of chain letters, mass mailings, junk mail or any other form of “spam”;
contains computer viruses;
contains political campaign messages or engages in any form of commercial activities, including sales, contests, pyramid schemes or advertising or other similar activities unless Provet’s prior written consent has been obtained.
If You find anything posted on the Website that You think is Prohibited Material, please contact Blayney Vets via our Contact Us form so that we may investigate and take appropriate action.
Breach of the Terms
By using the Website You have agreed to be bound by the Terms as set out in this document. Provet reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to terminate or cancel Your access to and use of the Website if You are found to be in breach of any of these Terms. In addition, Provet Pty Ltd or Blayney Vets may remove any of the content of Your Contribution or that of third parties associated with You which is unauthorised or otherwise in breach of these Terms.
Indemnity
By using the Website, You agree to indemnify, and hereby indemnify, Provet Pty Ltd and Blayney Vets, their subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees from and against all claims, including any reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of the content of Your Contribution to the Website, Your visit to and use of the Website generally or Your use of the Website to link to other third party websites.
Disputes
Provet Pty Ltd and Blayney Vets shall use their best endeavours to quickly and effectively resolve any dispute arising as a result of Your use of the Website, Your Contribution or in connection with these Terms. In the event of a failure to resolve such dispute, the dispute shall be governed by and dealt with under the laws of Queensland, Australia and You, Provet Pty Ltd and Blayney Vets submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts and tribunals of Queensland, Australia.
Definitions and Interpretation
In these Terms unless the context requires otherwise:
“Content” includes text, graphics, images, illustrations, logos, icons, audio clips, data, and digital downloads which is not Your Contributions or personal information posted on the Website.
“You” means any person visiting, using or shopping at the Website.
Contacting Us
If You have any queries about these Terms, or anything else at the Website, please contact Blayney Vets via our Contact Us form and we will be only too happy to answer Your query.
Primary SidebarContact Us
Blayney Veterinary Hospital
79 Adelaide St, Blayney NSW 2799
Call us on 02 6368 2264
Vet on call 24 hours a day
More details
Facebook
Blayney Veterinary Hospital