http://www.eado.org/privacy
Member access
Login
Password
Forgot your password ?
Become a member
HomeAbout EADOMissionJoin EADOExecutive CommitteeBoard MembersWebsite CommitteeLinksEvents & TrainingEADO CongressEuropean School European Post-Chicago Meeting Related EventsEuropean GuidelinesCase of the MonthCase of the month: July 2018Case of the month: May 2018Case of the month: February 2018Case of the month: January 2018Case of the month: December 2017Case of the month: November 2017Case of the month: October 2017Case of the month: September 2017Case of the month: August 2017Case of the month: July 2017Case of the month: June 2017Case of the Month: May 2017Case of the Month: April 2017Case of the Month: March 2017Case of the Month: February 2017Case of the Month: January 2017EADO Exchange fellowshipsEADO Certification in Medical Tumor TherapyPractical informationHow to apply?EADO research projectsEADO Affiliated OrganizationsCorporate Partners
EADO Data Privacy Statement
The EADO
(European Association of Dermato-Oncology) - Flughofstrasse 54, 8152
Zurich-Glattburg, Switzerland - is an independent non-profit organization
dedicated to promote, coordinate and improve clinical and laboratory research
activities in the field of skin cancer including primary and secondary
prevention, early detection, clinical diagnosis and clinical and experimental
research.
According
to the article 27 of the GDPR, EADO France, 25, rue Anatole France 92 300
Levallois-Perret France, has been appointed by the EADO as representative
within the European Union.
It is
EADO’s utmost concern to constantly improve its services in order to best meet
the needs of its members. To this end, EADO may collect and store certain
information, including personal data of people like you. EADO takes the
protection of your personal data very seriously. This Data Protection Statement
explains how and why the EADO collects and uses the personal information of its
members, website visitors, and how the EADO protects your privacy. It also
explains how you can manage your own personal information held in the EADO
system.
It
will be very difficult and in most countries even impossible for EADO to
provide you services if you refuse to allow EADO to process your data. For this
reason, by providing personal data to EADO, you agree to be legally bound by
and explicitly consent to this Data Protection Statement, as it may be amended
from time to time. If you do not agree to this Data Protection Statement EADO
would not be able to process your personal data.
The EADO
complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679 and the
data protection laws in France, and takes all reasonable care to prevent any
unauthorised access to your personal data.  The EADO respects your privacy
and is committed to safeguarding the confidentiality of your personal information.
When
disclosing your personal information to us by using our website or by
completing and submitting paper or electronic forms to us, you consent to the
collection, storage and processing of your personal information as stated in
this Data Protection Statement.
Scope
of this Data Protection Statement
This Data
Protection Statement applies to all services offered by the EADO.
This Data
Protection Statement does not apply to services offered by other associations,
companies or individuals. This Data Protection Statement does not cover the
information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise EADO
services or any third party operating any website to which the EADO website or
other digital asset may contain a link.
2. Data collected and method of
collection
2.1 What personal information is collected by the EADO?
Personal information you provide us with
The
following information must be provided in order for your membership application
First
Name, Last Name
Full
Postal Address
Country
Date
of Birth
Email
address
Details
on professional Activity: department, institution, specialty
For
specific purposes:
Credit Card information is
required for EADO board members wishing to make payment by this method.
Curriculum vitae, list of
publications are requested to support applications for membership &
Fellowship programme of the EADO
Information
we collect automatically
When
you visit the EADO Website, information is collected by google analytics about
your computer/device, your IP address, the referring website, what pages you
visit, how long you stay on them and the general use you make of the website.
This
information is collected using various technologies which includes saving
cookies to your computer or device.
During
the Congress & school, attendees, exhibitors…might be photographed and
videotaped by EADO or its partners capturing the event. Some of these
photographs or videos may be displayed by the EADO or its partners in future
publications or materials connected with the event as well as social
media.  Without contradictory instructions from your side, you grant the
EADO, the irrevocable rights to record and use free of charge, on any and all
supports or forms of media, your image, voice, name, photographs, and video on
which you appear for purposes related to Scientific, Educational or Promotional
Purposes.
Information we collect from third parties
Agreements
made between the EADO and the meeting organisers appointed by the EADO state
that these companies must provide up to date information on their participants.
For more information on this process, please contact the EADO meeting
organiser.
2.2 How the EADO collects personal information?
The EADO
is a non-profit association which combines a wide range of activities in the
field of skin cancer, including:
Membership Services
Dissemination of scientific
information
Organisation of scientific
congresses and educational activities
This
may require the handling of personal information of the individuals involved in
these activities and hence the EADO collects personal information in a number
of ways from a number of sources. This information may be communicated to the EADO
on paper forms received through the postal services, or electronically through
registration on the EADO Website or through other electronic forms made
available through partner websites.
The
sources of personal information received by the EADO are:
Individuals
Third parties acting on behalf
of individuals (eg an agent arranging registration or hotel accommodation
for an EADO organised Congress)
The
principal ways in which the EADO collects personal information are:
When you register personal
details when applying for membership on the EADO Website
When you, or an agent or other
third party acting on your behalf, enter personal details on a form
requesting an EADO service (for example when registering for an EADO organised
Congress, school or meeting)
When you, or someone on your
behalf, submits contents in connection with scientific sessions at an EADO
organised Congress or meeting (for example submission of abstracts)
When you enter personal details
on a form applying to participate to the EADO fellowship programme
When you enter details on a
specific application for an EADO Grant or certification.
2.3 Purpose of data collection by the EADO
Personal
information is needed by the EADO to enable it to properly manage its members
and provide them with services. The EADO does not collect more data than is necessary to fulfil such
purposes.
The
personal information which you supply may also be specifically used to:
process an application for
Membership to the EADO
process an application for
an EADO training fellowship or Certification.
process a registration for
an EADO congress, meeting, course and other event. Congress
badges etc and certificates of attendance also require the
nominative information supplied.
handle attendance at a social
event at an EADO congress, meeting or other event.
process registration(s) or
hotel request(s) for another person(s) if you are acting on behalf of a
third party.
handle scientific
programme activities in connection with EADO congresses and
meetings.  These include abstract submission, speaker and chair
management, handling of agreement forms, preparation of the scientific
programme, presentation management onsite, publication of the scientific
content on the EADO website.
manage access to
restricted content on the EADO website (certain resources are
only available to members of the EADO only).
enable individual
communications with you about specific matters – for example sending
confirmations, receipts, requesting further information to solve queries,
responding to EADO Information Requests, etc and sending emails to you
with information about EADO activities which the association deems will be
of interest to you
send electronic newsletters to you
2.4 Duration of storage
Your
personal information is kept for a reasonable period of time, dependent upon
the nature of the information and its intended use, but subject to a maximum of
five years after your last use of an EADO service.
2.5 Your duties
You must
ensure that the data you provide us with are:
correct
accurate;
current;
truthful; and
compliant with any applicable laws.
In
particular, since EADO will mainly use email communications with you, you are
required to notify us of any modification of your email address.
2.6 Email addresses
Electronic
communication is for most purposes the EADO’s preferred method of
communication. In order to be able to communicate with you electronically, the EADO
needs your email address. You are therefore required to supply your email
address when you apply for membership on the EADO Website, which enables you to
access a variety of services online.
Unique Email Address
For
your convenience and security, your email address is unique to you in our
system. You are therefore strongly recommended to use an email address
which is personal to you and not shared with others. This is to ensure
that communications which are sent to you personally are not read by
others.  Additionally, the unique email permits handling of “Forgot
Password”, enabling you to reset your password in an automated and secure way
using your personal email address.
Email privacy
The EADO
respects the privacy of personal email addresses and complies with the current
European legislation on email communication. The objective is not to send you
unwanted messages, and your email details will not be passed on to any other
individual or organisation without your permission for marketing purposes.
You
can unsubscribe to all mailings sent to you by the EADO.
2.6 Disclosure of information to third parties
The EADO
does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. The EADO may
supply your information to its contractors to perform specific services.
EADO
works with certain third parties to obtain support services in meetings and
events services and/or other EADO services to its members, and, in some cases,
personal data will be shared with these third parties in order to pursue EADO’s
mission and goals.
Otherwise,
the EADO does not disclose personal information to any other person or
organisation without your consent.  In this context, your personal data
may be disclosed to the following external partners of the EADO in the
circumstances described below:
Congress exhibitors who scan
your congress badge:
If you accept to have your badge scanned when visiting an exhibiting
company stand, or by a hostess at an Industry Sponsor session, your badge
will enable them to retrieve the following personal data: nominative
(title, first name, last name), address (postal address and email),
telephone, fax and profile information (professional activity, place of
work and fields of interest).
Agencies handling EADO managed
hotel bookings: Nominative
information is provided to local agencies where the EADO handles hotel
bookings for a particular congress or event.  (The large majority of
hotel bookings are now made directly through the local agency website but
faculty and Committee members may still be handled this way).
Group representatives and
Agencies handling your congress or event registration:  Where your registration
is handled by someone other than yourself, your confirmations, badges or
vouchers may be sent to this third party.  These contain nominative information
about you.
EADO Membership: An application to become
an EADO Member or participate to the EADO fellowship programme requires
the submission of a CV, publication list and, sometimes, other elements to
support the application.  This information, together with nominative
information concerning the applicant, is assessed by an EADO board member
prior to acceptance or refusal of the application.
EADO certification in medical
tumor applications or EADO training Fellowships programme: An application for an EADO
certification or fellowship requires the submission of appropriate career
and other information to support the application.  This information
is made available to EADO board members responsible for assessing the
applications and making the awards.
Regulatory transfers: EADO may be required by law to transfer data to
governments and regulatory and/or supervisory authorities.
Your
rights
In
accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations, you have a
right to request access to, rectification of your Data, or restriction of
processing, and to object to said processing, as well as the right to data
portability to the extent applicable. Moreover, you have a right to lodge a
complaint with a supervisory authority.
For
more information, you should contact the Data Protection Officer (together with
a proof of identity): Data-Officer-France@mci-group.com
EADO
gives you many choices regarding EADO’s use and disclosure of your personal
data for marketing purposes. By contacting the Data Protection Officer at the
above-mentioned e-mail address, you may opt-out from receiving future
electronic marketing messages from EADO and request that we not share your
personal data with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes.
EADO will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.
Data
security
To
ensure the safety of your data on EADO’s website and systems, EADO has
implemented appropriate technical, contractual, administrative, physical and
organizational measures to protect your personal data from loss, destruction,
unauthorized access, accidental or unlawful disclosure and manipulation. These
measures are subject to continuous development in accordance with technological
progress and are periodically reviewed to comply with all applicable privacy
laws.
However,
no company or service can guarantee complete security. Your account is
protected by a password for your privacy and security. We strongly suggest you
prevent unauthorized access to your account by selecting and protecting an
appropriate password and limiting the access to your computer and devices.
Please
note that the EADO will never ask you for your personal details, password or
credit card details by email. We advise you to be vigilant and apply caution.
Only
authorized EADO staff, third party companies’ (i.e. service providers) staff
have access to your personal data.
Use
of cookies and other tracking technologies
5.1 What are
cookies?
Cookies are
small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie
file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third­-party to
recognise you and make your next visit easier and the service more useful to
you. Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. They
do not pose a threat to your system or files.
We use
web analysis services to better understand your use of our Websites and
services. These services collect information such as what pages you visit, how
long you stay on them and where you came from before visiting that page. This
information is used to examine the use of the Website as well as potentially
your actions to contextualise and personalise some of our content to your
personal interests.
5.2 What are
your choices regarding cookies?
If you'd
like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse
cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser:
For Internet Explorer™ :
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
For Safari™ :
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265For Chrome™ :
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
For Firefox™ :
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
Fo Opera™ :
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
etc...
.
5.3 Where
can you find more information about cookies?
If you do
not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple
procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of
cookies. You can learn more about cookies and the following third­-party
websites:
AllAboutCookies:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
External
Links
The EADO
Website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that the EADO is not
responsible for the privacy policies of other sites. You are therefore
encouraged to read the privacy policies of any other site that collects
personally identifiable information. This privacy Data Protection Statement
applies solely to information collected by the EADO.
7. Changes
This
Statement may be revised and updated by the EADO from time to time to comply
with statutory data protection and privacy laws. EADO will post any statement
changes on its website.
8. Contact
If you need further assistance, please contact our Data
Protection Officer: Data-Officer-France@mci-group.com
Last
updated 5 June 2018
CommitteesExecutive CommitteeWebsite CommitteeActivitiesMissionEuropean School EADO CongressLegalTerms of UseData PrivacyNewsLatest NewsContactContact us
By continuing to browse this website, you accept cookies which are used to offer a personalized experience on our website, generate statistics and realize advertising or social network tracking. Find out more about our Privacy & Cookie policy and how to manage them on your browser. You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Ok
Read more