https://www.clairehouse.org.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Home >
Cookie Policy
Cookie policy
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages, and to determine the most popular areas of our web site. We also use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, and to record session information, such as length of visit. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our web site more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our web site.
The cookies we use
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Overview of privacy at Google
Javascript cookie
has_js
This cookie is placed by the website content management system and indicates that your browser supports Javascript. Used for improving your user experience of the website. This cookie will expire automatically at the end of your browsing session.
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Learn how to control cookies
To find out more about cookies and how to control and delete them visit AboutCookies.org.
How the information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor’s experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
Cookies
Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages, and to determine the most popular areas of our web site. We also use cookies to store visitors preferences, and to record session information, such as length of visit. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our web site more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our web site.
Site Usage Tracking
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
How to contact us
Requests for information about our privacy policy can be emailed to Claire House or by writing to:
Information Officer
Claire House Children’s Hospice
Clatterbridge Road,
Bebington,
Wirral,
CH63 4JD
Download our volunteer app!
×
If you are looking to find a volunteer opportunity to suit you, then you can download our new Claire House volunteer app.
You'll be able to find all the latest volunteer opportunities, as well as information about how you will be helping to support seriously ill children and their families.
To download on iTunes App Store, please visit
https://appsto.re/gb/eXdBib.i
To download on Google Play Store, please visit
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…
Close