http://www.americangeriatrics.org/about-us/how-we-operate/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Sub Page navigation
About Us
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
Leadership and Staff
Awards
State Affiliates
How We Operate
Working in Coalition
How We Operate
AGS By-Laws
Copyright & Permissions
Privacy Policy
Resolving Conflicts of Interest
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy Summary
The American Geriatrics Society (AGS) collects personal data in order to provide benefits and services to its constituents and members. Personal data means any information that allows you to be directly or indirectly identified, which is in our database for purposes of membership or other transactions with AGS or AGS-related organizations, including, without limitation, the HealthinAging Foundation, GeriatricsCareOnline, Association of Directors of Geriatric Academic Programs (ADGAP) and Geriatrics for Specialists Initiative (GSI). This collection of data is necessary to support our legitimate interests in order to fulfill our educational and charitable mission as a non-profit society. AGS respects and values your privacy and the confidentiality of the information you choose to share with us. We are committed to the protection of this information and your rights under data protection laws. AGS provides this online privacy statement to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices, as well as the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and from the bottom of every web page.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), a new data protection law enacted by the European Union (EU), went into effect on May 25, 2018. If you are a resident of the EU, please scroll to the bottom of the page to review our GDPR addendum.
Data Controller Contact Information
Owner and Data Controller- The American Geriatrics Society (AGS)
Phone: 212.308.1414.
Email: info.amger@americangeriatrics.org
Please contact us if you have an inquiry or concern.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Data Processing
We collect personal information, such as your name, address and email address to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. We also collect financial information as necessary to process payments. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate with you, update you on services and benefits, and personalize your website experience.
AGS uses your personally identifiable information for the purposes for which it was submitted. For example, AGS uses the information collected to enable a user to: (i) purchase AGS products, (ii) obtain CME credit, (iii) pay membership dues, (iv) make charitable contributions, (v) receive AGS benefits and/or service announcements and (vi) participate in AGS sponsored meetings, programs, contents, awards, activities, etc.
Who We Share Information With
Staff- AGS staff can access your stored personal data in accordance with their job responsibilities and are bound by protecting your rights under data privacy laws.
Members- Our members can access a limited amount of contact information about other members via our membership directory and Health in Aging Physician Referral Service. You can view/edit your membership directory settings here and view/edit your Health in Aging Physician Referral Service settings here.
External Organizations- We share limited personal data with authorized service providers, known as “processors” under the GDPR. These processors have been reviewed for compliance under the GDPR and are given access to limited personal data in order for the AGS to conduct transactions and provide benefits and services in accordance with our legitimate nonprofit interests. We may exchange mailing lists with organizations that support legitimate, shared charitable and educational interests.
We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include providing customer service and member benefits, performing business analysis, and supporting our website functionality and/or other features offered through our website. These service providers may have access to personal information to perform their functions but are not authorized to share or use such information for any other purposes.
We may also provide your information to third parties to accomplish the purpose for which the information was submitted, such as providing your personally identifiable information to credit card processors to process a purchase. Limited personally identifiable information we request from you (namely, your name and home or office address) is occasionally sold to third parties, generally for the promotion of free educational programs. Moreover, personally identifiable information is occasionally shared with third parties so that these parties can send you promotional material(s) about goods and services offered by AGS or third parties.
The AGS may release personal information to third parties in order to comply with legal requirements. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety of the public or AGS.
If you have an inquiry or concern about our Policy, please contact us using the contact information below.
What we collect
Analytics
We’ve structured our website so that, in general, you can visit the public site without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), we will use it only to support your relationship with the AGS. We do automatically collect internet tracking information. By visiting the AGS’ websites (i.e., americangeriatrics.org, healthinaging.org, geriatricscareonline.org, myagsonline.americangeriatrics.org), becoming a member or customer or otherwise voluntarily submitting information to the AGS, you agree to this policy.
We may collect the following information when you visit our web site(s):
The type of browser and operating system on which that browser is operating.
The pages that were visited and the date and time of that visit.
We use this data to better understand how our site is navigated and to modify and improve the site. We do not use cookies (a small line of text stored within your web browser) on this site to track a visitor’s identification. We do use cookies, however, when you register for online CME. The cookies are used to remember that you have logged in to the web site. Since web page requests are stateless in that each request is a completely independent transaction, something is needed to remember who you are between requests. No personal information is stored in the cookie. The session ID is just a random string assigned each time you visit the portal and the ID is an internal ID assigned to you when you registered for a course online.
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of www.americangeriatrics.org, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Children under 16 - We do not knowingly solicit data online from or market online to children under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, without your consent, please contact us using the details below so that we can take steps to remove such information and terminate any account your child has created with us.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Contact and Transactional Information
We collect the personal data that you voluntarily provide as a part of your membership or transactional agreement with the organization. Your information allows us to ensure that you receive benefits to which you are entitled in exchange for paying member dues, making a purchase or engaging with us. Data which is required in order to provide you with this access is noted as “required” on membership applications and order forms. If you choose to withhold certain personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain benefits and services. You can view and make changes to your personal data at any time via your profile portal, MyAGSOnline, by emailing membership@americangeriatrics.org or by calling 212.308.1414.
In the event that you choose to participate in the AGS member directory and/or Healthcare Professional Referral Service, you acknowledge that certain information, (as selected by you) will be shared with other members (member directory) or the public (healthcare professional referral service). You can view/edit your membership directory settings here and view/edit your Health in Aging Physician Referral Service settings here.
If we collect your personal data for reasons beyond the performance of our obligations to you as a member or constituent, or the pursuit of our legitimate interests, we will ask you for your consent to collect such data.
Security & Data Storage
AGS is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The AGS maintains a membership database independent of its web operations. The information in this database is drawn from membership applications, dues payment forms, product orders and other transactions between the Society and its members. Using this database, the AGS occasionally shares member data with other organizations. You may instruct the AGS not to share your personal information by contacting membership at 212.308.1414 or membership@americangeriatrics.org.
Change in policy
The AGS may amend this policy at any time without notice. Changes to this policy may affect our use of personally identifiable information that you provided us prior to changes.
As our internet site changes and grows, we may collect additional information or may use information in different ways. If our information practices change, we will modify this policy statement.
Links to other web sites
We provide links to other web sites that may have privacy policies that are different from ours and not affiliated with the American Geriatrics Society. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of those sites.  See AGS policy on website linkages.
Contact information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact us at info.amger@americangeriatrics.org.
GDPR Addendum Policy
Scope
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), a European Union data protection law, went into effect on May 25, 2018. The following sections outline our GDPR policy. These apply to you if you are an individual located within the European Union (EU) and your personal data is processed in connection with The American Geriatrics Society (AGS). Personal data means any information that allows you to be directly or indirectly identified, which is in our database for purposes of membership or other transactions with AGS or AGS-related organizations, including, without limitation, the HealthinAging Foundation, GeriatricsCareOnline, Association of Directors of Geriatric Academic Programs (ADGAP), and Geriatrics for Specialists Initiative (GSI).
Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Right of access:  You can view and edit your personal data within your profile portal and MyAGSOnline. You may also request access or copies of your personal data by emailing membership@americangeriatrics.org.
Right of data portability: You can request an electronic copy of your personal data contained within our system. Requests should be made by email to membership@americangeriatrics.org. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
Right to rectification: If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. Updates to your personal data can be made through your profile portal, by emailing membership@americangeriatrics.org or by calling 212.308.1414.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your personal data. Requests should be made by email to membership@americangeriatrics.org. In some situations, deletion of certain personal data may mean that it is no longer possible for you to gain access to certain parts of our site, membership benefits or constituent transactions/activities. We are obligated to preserve transactional data for seven years to adhere to auditing standards and bookkeeping laws.
Right to restrict or object to processing: You may ask us to restrict or block the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances or request no contact from us. Requests should be made by email to membership@americangeriatrics.org.
Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw your consent from the processing of your personal data at any time. In some situations, withdrawal of certain consent data may mean that it is no longer possible for you to gain access to certain parts of our site, membership benefits or constituent transactions/activities. Requests should be made to membership@americangeriatrics.org.
Back to Top
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Social Media Bar Right Menu
Annual Meeting
Donate to our Foundation
Media Center