http://www.chaseviewvets.co.uk/our-services/terms-of-business/
Main menu
HomeAboutServicesFacilitiesTeamNewsContact UsFeedback Form
Call now01989 562251
Our Services
Submenu
Coronavirus (Covid 19) Information - We Are Still Open
Video Consulting
Fear Free Veterinary Visits For Dogs & Cats
Pet Health Plans
Cat Friendly Advice - ISFM Gold Standard Approved Practice
Keyhole Spey (Laparoscopic Spey)
Dogs
Cats
Nurse Clinics
Dentistry
Advanced orthopaedic and soft tissue surgery
Canine Clinical Massage
Equine
Farm Animals
Alpacas & Llamas
Small holders & hobby farms
Small Furries
ID Microchips & Pet Passports
On call out of hours service
Terms of Business
Terms of Business
Payments Terms and Conditions
Payment in full will be expected at the time of consultation, on the discharge of your pet following surgery or hospitalisation, or on collection of drugs/diets.
Cash, cheques, credit or debit cards are all accepted.
We do not routinely offer settlement terms. If an account is not settled it will be subject to late payment surcharges and may be placed in the hands of our debt collection agency.
Interest Free Loan Facility
Sometimes the unexpected happens and our clients can face an unplanned vet bill or be in need of help to fund high cost veterinary treatment. At Chaseview we can offer rapid interest free loans to these clients. We are in partnership with CareFree credit and external finance companies and via quick on line applications we can arrange  these loans.
Pet Insurance
If your pet is insured we request payment in full at the time of treatment as stated in our payment terms and conditions. We will always submit insurance policy claims promptly to ensure you are reimbursed as quickly as possible. Many insurance companies allow us to submit claims on line which speeds the process further. We do not charge for this administration service.
Direct claims
It may be possible, subject to certain conditions, for us to make a direct claim on your behalf for payment of any insured sum to come directly to the Practice from your insurers. Please advise a member of reception as early as possible if this is something you would require, as a significant amount of administration work and policy checks are involved. This can delay the start of treatment. They result in a delay in receipt of our payment and for this reason we charge a non-refundable administration fee of £35 + VAT. Follow-up on-going direct claims are charged at £10 + VAT. If the follow up claims are not direct claims there will be no administration fees for these. Direct claims can only be submitted with the following provisos:
Direct claims must be requested and organised in advance of treatment being carried out and prior to payment being due. It is not possible to request an initial direct claim when you come to collect your pet after a period of hospitalisation and treatment.
Any excess and non-insured items on the policy should be paid at the time of collection, together with any anticipated shortfall in payment. If your policy involves additional payment which is a percentage of the bill, this needs to be paid directly to us. Any additional shortfall which is owing after the claim has been settled will be payable by you to us at that time.
A signed insurance claim form is required at the time of collection and for every subsequent visit, clearly indicating to the insurance company that payment is to be made to the Practice.
As our client, you remain liable for all outstanding fees in the following circumstances:
The insurance company declines to accept the claim in part or in full
The insurance company does not make a settlement within 60 days of submission of the claim.
It is important to appreciate that if, having carried out careful checks with you and your insurers, we decide that we are prepared to undertake a Direct Claim for the treatment for your pet, this is not a guarantee that your insurers will settle your claim, and if they fail to do so, this will result in a shortfall for which you will be liable to pay us in full.
Information we require prior to authorising a direct claim.
You must first get agreement from a Director that the practice is prepared to consider undertaking a direct claim.
You must telephone your insurance company to give us permission for us to telephone them and ask relevant questions about your policy. You must then inform us when this is done.
Once permission has been granted we ask the insurance company the following:
Is the policy active, are there any exclusions, what is the limit of the policy, what is the excess amount, are there any related claims, if so what and when and total amount claimed, will cover continue for the duration of the condition if it goes over renewal date.
We inform the insurance company when treatment is due to take place and estimated costs.
With this information we can make an educated assumption that the pet is likely to be covered for this condition. Please note, despite these pre-checks we cannot guarantee that the insurance company will pay the claim unless they carry out pre-authorisation checks. This can take up to a week and delay treatment. Most companies do not do this any faster for emergency cases.
PAYMENT FOR YOUR PETS TREATMENT ULTIMATELY IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY
We reserve the right to decline a request to undertake a direct claim if circumstances suggest that the insurance company will not settle the claim.
INABILITY TO PAY
If, for any reason, you are unable to settle your account as specified, we ask you to discuss the matter immediately with the veterinary surgeon looking after your pet. They will need to discuss this further with one of the Directors. Please note that instalments or part payments of any account may ONLY be sanctioned with the express permission of a Director.
Privacy Policy
We do not store any personal data on our website.
The following information shows you how we use your data for clinical  veterinary use.
How information is collected
When registering at Chaseview Veterinary Clinic Ltd (by phone, in person, or using our website registration form)
·         Personal Information you give to us, or an authorised person on your behalf will be kept on a secure server system on our practice management system.
What information is collected
-       Your personal data such as your name, address, contact details including email, home phone, work phone and mobile phone.
-       If applicable your previous veterinary surgery or your referring veterinary surgery
-       Your pet’s insurance company
How information collected is used
In order for us to carry out our responsibilities as your veterinary surgeon it is necessary for us to hold your personal data.
Your personal data is used via SMS, email, phone or post to allow us to communicate with you about your animal’s health.
We may need to contact you in connection with your pet’s health such as veterinary advice, patients reports whilst in hospital, results of tests, giving consent for treatment and or operations, emergency contact.
We will contact you to remind you that your pet’s vaccine is due, to remind you that your pet requires a routine treatment such as worming and flea treatment. Also if we need to carry out routine repeat tests.
If your pet is insured we may need to contact you in connection with your claim.
Should any queries arise in connection with your account at any time we will contact you.
We have CCTV at Chaseview which helps to ensure that the clinic is protected.
Disclosure of your information
Chaseview will never share your personal data with a third parties for the purpose of marketing
The only circumstances under which your information might be shared would be in connection with your pet’s welfare.
These are listed below;
Veterinary practices which your pet is referred to.
Pet insurance companies should you have to make a claim for your pet.
Messages from Chaseview which ensure that we can keep you up to date with your pet’s routine treatments.
When the Police or other government agencies request information which we are bound to supply.
We have a list of companies which we do have to share and we have written confirmation that these are all GDPR compliant
These companies provide the following services to Chaseview Veteriany Clinic Ltd
Insurance Companies
External Laboratories
Identity chip registration
Debt collection services
VDS Professional insurance
Loan application Company
Information Security
At Chaseview Veterinary Clinic we have policies in place to make your information as secure as possible. Our practice management server is secure and all our computers linked to the practice management system are password protected.
Right of access to your personal data
You have the right to access details held by Chaseview Veterinary Clinic Ltd about you and ensure that our data is accurate and up to date. You also have the right to request that the data that we hold on you be deleted.
Changes during time to our Privacy Notice
Please check on our website as over time we may have to update our notice.
For any privacy enquiries please contact Chaseview Veterinary Clinic Ltd
We are a RCVS Accredited Practice.  This is a voluntary Practice Standards Scheme, which quality assures practices and their facilities.
Wye Valley Canine Hydrotherapy
Wye Valley offer treatment for dogs that need stress-free supportive exercise.
Visit Site
Here when you need us 24/7
Call Now 01989 562251
Join us on Facebook
Home
Designed & Developed by Spindogs