https://www.theglobeandmail.com/help/contact-us/
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Quick links
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Member Benefits
Newsletters
Globe Shop
Investigations
Death Notices (Legacy.com)
Reader services
Subscribe
Following
Subscriptions
Settings
Customer Help
Contact us
Log in
Log out
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Overview
Contact Us
Journalists
Work at The Globe
Reader Help
Privacy & Terms
Editorial Code of Conduct
The Trust Project
Contact Us
Address:
The Globe and Mail Centre 351 King Street East Suite 1600 Toronto, Ontario M5A 0N1
Telephone: 1-416-585-5000 To report an issue with a specific article on our site, please use the Report An Error link at the end of the story. For common questions and concerns about The Globe and Mail, please visit our Globe Help portal. To contact Globe journalists more securely online, visit our SecureDrop information page. We also have a Directory of PGP-enabled staff. Looking for help with your subscription or account? Knowledge Base Browse or search through our knowledge base of commonly asked questions here. Support Ask us a question about your subscription, corporate account, or print delivery. Call Us for Reader Support Account Maintenance – 1-800-387-5400 (Print Inquiries, Update Credit Card, Change Contact information, New Subscriptions). Technical Support – 1-800-387-5400 (support for apps, mobile website, desktop). Manage your Subscription
Log in to your online account to change your address or email, update payment details, make a payment, temporarily suspend delivery or update an existing suspension, and more.
Don't have an online account? Create one today to start managing your subscription. Publisher and CEO
Phillip Crawley, Publisher and CEO Contact Sylvia Stead, Public Editor
Editorial Masthead
David Walmsley – Editor-in-Chief Sinclair Stewart – Deputy Editor Angela Pacienza – Executive Editor Gary Salewicz – Editor, Report on Business Christine Brousseau – Assistant Managing Editor, News Shawna Richer – Assistant Managing Editor, Features and Sports Dennis Choquette – Managing Editor, ROB and Investigations Matt Frehner – Head of Visuals Tony Keller – Editorial Page Editor Natasha Hassan – Opinion Editor Sylvia Stead – Public Editor
News
Christine Brousseau, Assistant Managing Editor, News Nicole MacIntyre, Deputy National Editor Renata D'Aliesio, Deputy National Editor Angela Murphy, Foreign Editor Affan Chowdhry, Deputy Foreign Editor Robert Fife, Ottawa Bureau Chief Wendy Cox, British Columbia Editor James Keller, Alberta Editor
Report on Business
Gary Salewicz – Editor, Report on Business Mark Heinzl, Deputy Editor, Investing and Corporate News Claire Neary, Senior Editor Ryan MacDonald, Senior Editor, Resources and Environment D’Arcy McGovern, Real Estate Editor Sarah Efron, Assistant Editor, Tech and Consumer News
Features, Sports & Opinion
Natasha Hassan, Opinion Editor Shawna Richer, Assistant Managing Editor, Features and Sports Craig Offman, Arts Editor Barry Hertz, Film Editor Judith Pereira, Books Editor Maryam Siddiqi, Lifestyle Editor Andrew Sardone, Editorial Director, Globe Style
Programming
Melissa Stasiuk, Head of Programming
Editing
Carol Toller, Head of Editing Noreen Rasbach, Deputy Head of Editing
Visual Journalism
Matt Frehner, Head of Visual Journalism Matt French, Deputy Head of Visual Journalism Patrick Dell, Senior Visuals Editor
Sections
Books (Books@globeandmail.com) Careers (globecareers@globeandmail.com) Foreign desk (Foreign@globeandmail.com) Letters to The Editor (Letters@globeandmail.com) Report on Business: General Feedback (ROB@globeandmail.com) Report on Business: Stock Questions/Suggestions (Stocks@globeandmail.com) Sports (SportsMailbox@globeandmail.com)
Public Editor
Sylvia Stead, Public Editor
Contacting Staff Almost all Globe and Mail staff, including reporters, can be contacted by e-mail. In most cases the e-mail address follows this formula: first initial + last name + @globeandmail.com. For example, Rob Carrick is rcarrick@globeandmail.com Please note that this address formula only applies to staff members; if you wish to contact freelance writers, please contact the section in which they appeared. There are also a couple of cases in which names are duplicated and therefore don't follow the pattern. They are as follows:
Mike Anderson, Ad Services (MWAnderson@globeandmail.com) Patrick White (patrickwhite@globeandmail.com)
How do I make a submission to the newspaper? Send your submission to the section of the newspaper in which you wish your piece to appear.
Here are some general guidelines:
If you're sending your letter or article by e-mail, the contents must be sent in the body of the e-mail message as plain text only. Please do not use Microsoft Word format or rich text format (RTF), and please do not send the letter or article as an attachment.
Letters to the Editor:
Letters to the Editor should be exclusive to The Globe and Mail. Include your name, address and daytime phone number. Try to keep letters to fewer than 150 words. Letters may be edited for length and clarity. To submit a letter by e-mail, contact letters@globeandmail.com. Comment submissions: Contributors whose work has been accepted for publication will be asked to sign a freelance agreement that explains the publication rights being purchased by The Globe and Mail. Articles submitted for use on the comment page should be about 700 words long, and must include the name, mailing address and daytime phone number of the writer. Writers will be contacted within three days if their pieces are accepted for publication. Writers who have not been contacted within that period, or within a shorter period they have stipulated at the top of their submissions, should assume their work will not be published.
First Person:
See the full submission guidelines.
Lives Lived:
See the full submission guidelines.
To view this site properly, enable cookies in your browser. Read our privacy policy to learn more.
How to enable cookies