http://www.aahks.org/privacy-terms-of-use-copyright/
Login
Privacy | Terms of Use | Copyright
Home
Who we are
The American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons (AAHKS) www.AAHKS.org About Us
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We do not collect personal data from visitors to the public pages of the AAHKS website. We collect personal data from visitors who join AAHKS via the member portal as a requirement of the membership application process. We use the data for member services purposes.
Visitors to the website who submit forms and comment on blog posts provide data required to enable the service provided by AAHKS. This data is not shared with third parties.
Comments When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form. We also collect the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture (if using) is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media AAHKS does not allow media uploads to its website.
Contact forms When visitors submit a form, data on the form is captured and stored for one year for customer service purposes. The information is not shared with third parties.
Cookies If you leave a comment on our site, you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
AAHKS uses Google Analytics on its websites, which collects aggregate data. You can view the GA privacy policy here https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Whom we share your data with
AAHKS does not share data with third-parties, with the exception of our registry partner, The American Joint Replacement Registry (AJRR), which receives names and email addresses from our AAHKS member database for member service purposes. AJRR is the official registry of AAHKS.
Names and city names of Annual Meeting attendees are shared with industry partners of the AAHKS Annual Meeting. If you visit their booths and swipe your badge, then they collect your full address and email address.
How long we retain your data
AAHKS keeps contact form entries and analytics records for a year; member invoice data indefinitely as part of your member record.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
We store member data provided in user profiles. All users can view, edit or delete their personal information at any time by logging in to the website. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal or security purposes.
Where we host your data
The AAHKS website is hosted by Amazon Web Services (AWS), which participates in the EU-US Privacy Shield framework. You can view the AWS privacy policies here https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Member data is stored in a secure Microsoft CRM server and only available to AAHKS administration for the purposes of membership.
Find a Doctor Directory
The directory of member physicians both on the public website and in the AAHKS member portal is provided as information only to the user. It does not connote an endorsement, recommendation or referral to the individuals presented in the data. AAHKS strictly prohibits the use of the data for private or commercial bulk mailing purposes. Members can update the information presented in the directory by logging in and updating their Profile, or by contacting Connect@AAHKS.org.
If you have further questions
If you have further questions about our privacy policy and website content, contact Connect@AAHKS.org.
Terms of Use and Copyright
The opinions, statements and comments expressed on the AAHKS website are solely those of the author or authors of such opinions, statements and comments. They are not the opinions, statements or comments of AAHKS unless noted as such. AAHKS does not endorse them, and they should not be attributed to AAHKS.
The opinions, statements and comments expressed on the AAHKS website are not investigated, monitored, evaluated or checked for accuracy or completeness by AAHKS. Thus, AAHKS makes no warranties or representations regarding the validity of any of these expressions. Any questions or concerns regarding an item posted on the AAHKS website should be directed to the individual or organization that authored the item.
AAHKS specifically disclaims any and all liability resulting from a decision by a physician, other individual or institution to use, discontinue, or to elect not to use the supplies, equipment, products, surgical techniques or strategies described herein. AAHKS does not endorse or recommend against the use of particular supplies, equipment, products or surgical techniques utilized for hip and knee surgery, nor does AAHKS in any way assume responsibility for reporting problems or adverse events arising from any use, discontinuation or non-use of such supplies, equipment, products or surgical techniques.
In addition to the copyright protections to which this website is subject, the postings, presentations and related information on the AAHKS website are proprietary information of the author of such material or AAHKS, as applicable, and are protected by copyright. Any use, reproduction or publication of this material is strictly prohibited without advance written permission from the author and, if applicable, AAHKS.
Advertisement