http://www.sphn.com/privacy-practices
Accessibility Statement
We are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience. To do so, we are actively working with consultants to update the website by increasing its accessibility and usability by persons who use assistive technologies
such as automated tools, keyboard-only navigation, and screen readers.
We are working to have the website conform to the relevant standards of the Section 508 Web Accessibility Standards developed by the United States Access Board, as
well as the World Wide Web Consortium's (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1. These standards and guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities. We believe that conformance with these standards and
guidelines will help make the website more user friendly for all people.
Our efforts are ongoing. While we strive to have the website adhere to these guidelines and standards, it is not always possible to do so in all areas of the website.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage, please contact WebsiteAccess@tenethealth.com so that we may be of assistance.
Thank
you. We hope you enjoy using our website.
Skip to Main Content
Our Response to COVID-19 – Visitor Policy Update for
ER Patients
{{CTAButtonText}}
Play Video
[X] Close (or Esc)
{{VideoModalTitle}}
Close
ERs are Open for Your Emergency
Schedule a Telehealth Appointment
Find a Doctor Near You
Emergency Room Online Check-in
When it comes to Emergency Care, The Hospitals of Providence has our region covered with convenient locations throughout the El Paso area. Choose the location nearest you and check in online.
Select a Location
Emergency Room Online Check-in
"This is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page and plays an embedded YouTube video. Pressing the Close Modal button at the bottom of the modal or pressing the Escape key will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page.
Close
A Community Built on SafetyWe have strong infection prevention measures in place to keep our community safe. You can come to our hospital knowing that we screen all patients and staff and separate those who have or may have COVID-19. We’re here for you 24/7.
Welcome to The Hospitals of ProvidenceWe are pleased to offer this informative, easy to use resource that will showcase our state-of-the-art facilities, world-class services and deep and abiding commitment to the greater El Paso region.The Hospitals of Providence has been faithfully serving our community since 1902. Generations of families have chosen our hospitals. We serve as a steward of health in the El Paso community. Committed to providing the care you need, when you need it.
Today, The Hospitals of Providence are comprised of our region’s most trusted hospitals, each dedicated to meeting your family’s specific healthcare needs. We continually update this site to ensure that it’s relevant and useful to
you. So check back often for helpful, up-to-date information that can positively impact your family’s health.A Community Built on CareCaring, nurturing and helping heal friends, loved ones and neighbors is our passion, and we’re honored to have the opportunity to serve you.Learn about what makes us different
News & Announcements
The Hospitals of Providence Sierra Campus Celebrates TAVR 1 Year Anniversary
The Hospitals of Providence Sierra Campus First Hospital in El Paso to Offer the
World’s Smallest Pacemaker Which Can Now Treat AV Block
The Hospitals of Providence holds Virtual Stroke Walk