http://www.summahealth.org/social-media-policy
Home
Social Media Policy
Social Media Participation Terms and Conditions
Comments to the Summa Health System-sponsored sites, including social media sites like Twitter, Facebook and YouTube, are welcome and encouraged, and we look forward to hearing from you. To promote respectful discussion within this forum, we request that you be courteous and productive and avoid comments that are profane, obscene, offensive, sexually explicit, inappropriate, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable. Submitting patient information about yourself or others on the Summa-sponsored sites violates HIPAA regulations and will not be accepted for posting. Social media sites often foster debate of an issue; users are to engage in such exchanges with mutual respect for others’ opinions.
For the privacy of users and their families, please be advised that all postings to Summa-sponsored sites will be publicly available on the Internet and therefore publicly accessible without limitation or protection of any kind. Please consider how much personal information to share, with the understanding that this information may be linked to your name and published on the Internet.
By posting a comment or other material to Summa-sponsored sites as outlined above, users give Summa the irrevocable right and license to exercise all copyright, publicity, and moral rights with respect to any content you provide, which includes using your submission for any purpose in any form and on any media, including but not limited to: displaying, modifying, reproducing, distributing, creating other works from, and publishing your submission. Summa reserves the right to review all comments before they are posted, and to edit them to preserve readability for other users.
Summa further reserves the right to reject or remove comments for any reason, including but not limited to our belief that the comments violate this Comment Policy, to determine in its sole discretion which submissions meet its qualifications for posting, and to remove comments for any reason, including but not limited to our belief that the comments violate these Terms and Conditions. Any submissions that fail to follow these Terms and Conditions in any way or are otherwise irrelevant will not be posted. Due to the sheer volume or appropriateness, Summa will not respond to every posting, especially those that address individual medical issues.
We also reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time in our judgment to address issues that may arise and changes in our operations or the law.
In posting material on Summa-sponsored sites, you agree not to:
Post material that Summa determines is threatening, harassing, illegal, obscene, defamatory, slanderous, or hostile towards any individual or entity.
Post phone numbers or email addresses of yourself or any other individual or entity in the body of your comment -- you cannot assume the good intentions of everyone who reads them.
Post material that infringes on the rights of Summa or any individual or entity, including privacy, patient information, intellectual property or publication right.
Post material that promotes or advertises a commercial product or solicits business or membership or financial or other support in any business, group or organization except those that are officially sponsored by Summa. Before posting this kind of material, you should check with the Social Media team at socialmedia@summahealth.org.
Post chain letters, post the same comment multiple times, or otherwise distribute “spam” via the Summa-sponsored blog.
Allow any other individual or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing comments.
Post comments under multiple names or using another person’s name.
Summa Health System reserves the right to do any or all of the following:
Ban future posts from people who repeatedly violate our Terms and Conditions. We may affect such bans by refusing posts from specific email addresses or IP addresses, or through other means as necessary.
Remove or edit comments at any time, whether or not they violate these Terms and Conditions.
User agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Summa Health System, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, successors and assigns against any damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, causes of action, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of any claim by a third party relating to any material user has posted on Summa-sponsored sites.
Medical information disclaimer:
Any Summa-sponsored sites are not a forum for the exchange of medical information, advice or the promotion of self-destructive behavior. While users may freely discuss any appropriate topics, do not look to the sites for information or advice. Instead, it is recommended that users talk their physician.
The information on Summa-sponsored sites is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only, and is in no way intended to diagnose, cure, or treat any medical or other conditions. In addition to all other limitations and disclaimers in this agreement, Summa Health System disclaims any liability or loss in connection with the content provided on Summa-sponsored sites.
By posting a comment or material of any kind on a Summa-sponsored site, the user hereby agrees to the Terms and Conditions set forth above.
Options to Request an Appointment
If your situation is an emergency, call 911.
Call Us
234.867.7965
Request a Callback
Send us your information and we will call you to schedule an appointment.
Select
Close