http://www.cushings-help.com/disclaimer.htm
Today is
And It's About Time There Was Some Support For Cushing's!friendly link
Sell Air Max Outlet Cheap Adidas Nmd R1 Mens/Womens NMD Adidas Cheap Moncler Jackets Coats Sale Clearance Stephen Curry 5 Shoes Sale Store Wholesale Handbags & Purses Canada Goose Jackets Sale Oakley Sunglasses Polarized Lenses Nike x OFF-WHITE Nike Air Max 270 Flyknit Sneakers
Cushings Help Organization, Inc. Disclaimer
Advertising:
Cushings-Help.com does not
accept advertising as a source of funding for this site.
This site receives
no monetary support, gifts, payment of any kind from any company, doctor, medical practice, hospital or individual
other than the site owner. Occasionally, some message board members have made small donations to help alleviate the financial obligations of the owner, but it does not in any way affect their membership rights. All features including message boards, chats,
email newsletters and any others that may (or may not) be added in the future
are free to all users. We do not accept advertising from anyone.
Doctors, Hospitals and Other Medical People:
The doctors, hospitals or medical people listed have all been recommended by patients on the Cushing's Help Message Boards.
None of the doctors, hospitals or medical people have paid to be listed here. Patients who have had unsatisfactory experiences with any of these people may talk about their experiences, but may not name them individually.
The owner of this site does will not be involved in any kind of lawsuit due to the actions of any individuals.
We will turn any information we have over to the party bringing the lawsuit.
Information:
Although every effort is made to see that there are no inaccuracies in information provided by
Cushings-Help.com, the data and opinions appearing in the articles and guest transcripts are the responsibility of the contributor.
Cushings-Help.com accepts no liability for the consequences of any such inaccurate or
misleading data, opinion or statement. The opinions and views expressed on these pages do not necessarily reflect those of
Cushings-Help.com and related websites, but of Mary Kelly O'Connor and the other individuals who publish them.
The material on this website has
the intention of offering information as unbiased "information only" and is not
intended to be complete. The participants on the message boards and in the chat
rooms do not practice
medicine, they are members of an online support group. The intention is only to
give information to patients and others about these disorders and the support
that is available.
The goal of this site is to
provide support and information for Cushing's patients, family and other
concerned persons. The information provided by Cushings-Help.com and related websites, is not intended, nor should it be construed, as a substitute
for professional medical advice.
The author and host of the site has
exerted every effort to ensure that the information presented is accurate.
However, in light of ongoing research and constant updates of information, it is
possible that new findings may invalidate some of the information presented on
the site. Again, you should always check with your doctor or health care
provider about any information appearing on the site.
Some of these documents contain copyrighted material whose use has not been specifically
authorized by the copyright owners. We believe that this not-for-profit use on the Web constitutes a "Fair use" of the the materials as provided in
section 107 of the US copyright
law.
If you wish to use this copyrighted material for
purposes of your own that go beyond "fair use", you must obtain permission from the copyright
owner.
Privacy:
Cushings-Help.com
believes in protecting your privacy!
The site and owner do not sell, post, or
otherwise share data about site visitors with anyone. Visitors to the site can
be assured of complete confidentiality about their health condition, identity,
etc. With the exception of the Message Boards (which can be publicly viewed),
and the biographies, any correspondence with
Cushings-Help.com
will be held in strict confidence.
Patients families or visitors may
add a biography to the site, if they choose.
The information
provided
will be used to create a bio page which anyone can read. This
information will not be sold or shared with anyone for any purpose other than the
creation of the biography page.
This site collects no information
about any individual patients and visitors, except for a voluntary email address
when signing up for email newsletters.
The information you provide
will be used to for once-weekly email newsletters. It will never be used for other purposes.
This information will not be sold or shared with anyone for any purpose.
Confidentiality of data relating to individual patients and visitors to a
medical/health Web site, including their identity, is respected by this Web
site. The Web site owner undertakes to honor or exceed the legal requirements of
medical/health information privacy that apply in the country and state where the
Web site is located.
Cushings-Help.com does not engage in the practice of medicine. It is not a medical authority, nor does it claim to have medical knowledge.
Always
consult your personal physician or other health care professional before beginning or altering any course of
treatment or medication.
Cushings-Help.com shall not be held liable for any claim or right to recover damages, including, but not limited to, loss of profit, business, other incidental consequential damages, or other similar claims, even if Cushings-Help.com has been specifically advised of the possibility of such damages.
HOME |
Contents |
Search |
Adrenal Crisis! |
Abbreviations |
Glossary |
Forums |
Donate |
Interactive |
Bios |
Add Your Bio |
• Site Disclaimer
No forms of advertising are used on Cushings-Help.com.All site features are available free of charge.But donations are gratefully accepted!
Site Design and Maintenance: Mary O'Connor, Founder and Webmaster
Copyright © 2000- Cushings Help Organization, Inc. All rights reserved.