http://www.infanthearing.org/privacy_notice/
NCHAM PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective Date: 25 May 2018
The National Center for Hearing Assessment & Management (NCHAM), a division of Utah State University (USU), values your privacy and is committed to maintaining your trust.
Therefore, we provide this Privacy Notice explaining our online information practices.
This Privacy Notice describes how NCHAM may collect, use, and share information you directly and indirectly provide when using NCHAM websites or NCHAM -published mobile applications.
This Policy Notice does not cover the practices of our third-party partners (e.g., vendors), nor does it apply to Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that we collect from or about our employees, vendors, consultants, or contractors.
Additionally, some NCHAM websites may deviate from this notice.
In these cases, we encourage you to read page-specific notices to ensure you understand the applicable privacy policies and practices.
By using NCHAM websites or NCHAM -published mobile applications, you consent to the Terms and Conditions of the Privacy Statements and to our processing of personal information for the purposes stated below.
If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of the Privacy Statements, please do not use the site or the mobile applications.
This Privacy Notice describes
What Information We Collect
How We Use Collected Information
How We Share Collected Information
How We Protect Collected Information
How to Contact USU
Privacy Notice Changes
International Visitors
NCHAM and USU are located in the United States (State of Utah). By providing information to NCHAM, you are transferring your personal data to the United States, and you consent to the collection, transfer, retention, and processing of your data in the United States.
If you are providing personal information and are not a resident of the United States, your country’s laws governing data collection and use may differ from those in the United States.
The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR, and NCHAM relies on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR.
What Information We Collect
NCHAM collects personal information about you when you voluntarily provide it.
Other services may require additional information through an account in order to access certain features; an account, created for you to authenticate into a system or service, includes personal information identifying you for the sake of the service.
"Personal information" is any information that can be used to identify you or that may be linked to you.
This information is commonly limited to the information found in a public directory, such as first name, last name, postal address, email address, and phone number.
Web Servers
As do most websites, NCHAM web servers automatically collect the following information about your device:
The public Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device through which you access NCHAM websites.
The Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website from which a device reaches a NCHAM website (called a referrer), typically by following a link.
The webpages requested from the NCHAM websites.
The Date and Time of Access
The Operating System of the device through which you access NCHAM websites.
The Browser Type and Version, the Monitor Screen Size and Color Depth and other plugin and program information as sent by your browser.
Similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology (IT) systems
When using this general information, NCHAM does not draw any conclusions about you. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our websites correctly, (2) optimize the content of our websites, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
Mobile Applications
When you install mobile applications with the publisher name “National Center for Hearing Assessment & Management” from the Google Play store and Apple’s App Store, the application may ask for permission to use or access
GPS services
Contacts (store or retrieve a contact)
Internet
Calendar (store or set events)
External storage (images, save downloads, etc.)
Notifications
The general information described above may be aggregated with the general information of all site visitors to identify how our websites or applications are used and to improve the application content and structure.
In turn, we may share this aggregate information about our site with partners or the general public. For example, we may share information regarding the daily number of unique visitors to our site or mobile applications with NCHAM administration or potential partners. Aggregate data does not contain any information that could be used to contact or identify you.
Web Analytics
NCHAM websites and mobile applications use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc.
We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, their journey through the websites, as well as how they find and use our web pages. Google Analytics records data such as your geographical location, device type, internet browser, operating system and associated information; none of this information personally identifies you. Google Analytics also records your IP address, which could be used to personally identify you, but Google does not grant USU access to this, see Google Privacy Policy.
To opt out of the Google Analytics advertising features outlined above, follow the instructions at this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Cookies and Tracking
NCHAM may also collect certain information passively, such as collecting online, non-identifying information through the use of cookies technology and/or Internet Protocol (“IP”) address tracking. Through the use of cookies, NCHAM provides more user-friendly services.
Non-personal identification information might include the browser used by you, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers, and other similar information. The NCHAM system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on the websites and about the links you may select from within the site to other sites. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set yours to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent; however, if you disable cookies, the full functionality of some our sites may not be available to you.
Please note that we do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that may allow you to opt out of the collection of information across networks of websites and online services as there is no standard for how online services should respond to such signals. As standards develop, we may develop policies for responding to do-not-track signals that we will describe in this Privacy Notice.
Other Sources
NCHAM may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, or prevent or detect fraud. USU may also receive information about you from social media platforms, including but not limited to, when you access our social media content or interact with us on these platforms. The information we may receive is governed by the privacy settings, policies, and/or procedures of the applicable social media platform; therefore, we encourage you to review them.
Children
NCHAM does not believe our websites are appealing to children, nor are they directed to children under 13. NCHAM does not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13, and strives to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent of a child under 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact us at admin@infanthearing.org.
How We Use Collected Information
NCHAM may use the information we collect:
To respond to your inquiries
To provide services or materials you request
To operate and understand how services are utilized
To maintain our contact list
To provide business services for which the information is intended
To assess the effectiveness of our events, campaigns, and publications
For information processing that is reasonably appropriate or necessary within our legal obligations
As a responsible organization, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
Moreover, your personal information will not be used in ways unrelated to the ones described without a clear notice and without providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit unrelated uses.
How We Share Collected Information
NCHAM may share collected information with third parties and other USU parties for legitimate business purposes without your consent, including but not limited to, the following reasons or in the following circumstances:
As necessary to complete a transaction for you.
To vendors or third-parties who deliver or provide goods and services or otherwise act on behalf of or at the direction of NCHAM, such as exam testing agencies and partners, product-fulfillment companies, third-party event hosts, other third parties who may provide services on websites that are accessible from links on one of our sites, and credit card companies processing payment;
To USU administration;
To investigate potentially fraudulent or questionable activities;
To cooperate with law enforcement or in response to a government or regulatory request, including if specifically requested or required, as otherwise permitted by law, and for other valid NCHAM business purposes.
Required by law or by an order of a court, regulatory bodies, or governmental authority.
As we deem necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of NCHAM and Utah State University.
NCHAM also may use your profile information on an aggregate basis – without personal identifiers – to provide administration and third parties with information, such as developing new features and content for the sites, and providing sponsors and others with aggregate information about our users and the usage patterns of the sites.
How We Protect Collected Information
NCHAM uses reasonable measures to safeguard personal information collected on its sites depending on its sensitivity.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have suitable physical, technical, and managerial controls and procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.
Our measures follow applicable laws regarding the safeguarding of information under our control.
However, no information system can be 100 percent secure.
NCHAM is not responsible for the security of information you transmit to us over networks that we do not control, including the Internet, email systems, and wireless networks.
Moreover, you are responsible for protecting your username and password and for selecting strong passwords.
We retain the information we collect online no longer than as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect the information and to comply with our legal obligations.
How to Contact NCHAM
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights regarding information that we have collected and that is related to you. We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about you is inaccurate. You can also ask us to see what personal information we hold about you, to erase your personal information, or to object to our use of your personal information.
For general inquiries, or if you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please email us at admin@infanthearing.org or call our Help Desk at (435) 797-3584.
Privacy Notice Changes
NCHAM may update this Privacy Notice as the need arises, so we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share the personal information that you have provided, we will post notice of the changes in a clear and conspicuous manner on the NCHAM websites.
The Privacy Notice is effective as of 25 May 2018. The Privacy Notice was last modified on 25 May 2018.
For questions concerning this Privacy Notice, please email us at admin@infanthearing.org or call our Help Desk at (435) 797-3584.