http://www.princetonhcs.org/privacy-policy
UPDATED December 7: Updates related to COVID-19 and visitation
NEW VISITOR POLICY in effect as of November 25, 2020 — click here to view
See all Novel Coronavirus Information for Penn Medicine Patients.
Click here for an update regarding modified schedules for PMC inpatient & outpatient services and Princeton House Behavioral Health, last updated December 7.
Privacy Policy
Menu
Princeton Health ("Princeton Health," "we" or "our") respects your personal privacy and is committed to adhering to federal and state privacy laws and industry guidelines in order to protect you and your identity. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on this website (the "Website"). This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website, not to any other third party sites that may be accessible from here, and not to personal information provided for health care services or treatment.
NOTE: Please note that Princeton Health's Joint Notice of Privacy Policies is a separate legal document that governs how medical information about you is used and may be disclosed by Princeton Health. The Website is not designed for the transmission or receipt of your personal health information, please do not communicate your personal health information via the Website.
What Personally Identifiable Information Is Collected?
The Website contains registration forms that allow visitors to sign up for Princeton Health's health notices, events, email distribution lists, etc. These various registration forms may require visitors to provide Princeton Health with contact information including, but not limited to, name, address and e-mail address. Certain other information, such as demographic information and responses to market surveys, may also be collected by us. In addition, when making a charitable gift to Princeton Medical Center Foundation, we will collect financial information, such as credit card account information and authorization. We may also supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties. Not all information is required to be provided (required items will be clearly noted), but if you should choose to withhold any required information, you will not be eligible to participate in or receive full benefit from all products and services on the Website.
What Non-Personally Identifiable Information Is Collected?
We may collect your Internet Protocol address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Website. Our servers may automatically collect information about your use of the Website, including your Internet browser, operating system, internet source, the domain name that linked you to the Website, the length of time you spent on the Website, what websites linked from the Website you visited, and what advertisements your viewed.
We may also use web beacons and cookies on the Website. "Cookies" are an industry standard practice of placing a file or identifying "marker" on a user's computer for identification and personalization purposes. A cookie does not collect personal information. We may use session, persistent and flash cookies or any other successor tracker technology. You are not required to accept cookies, and you may set your browser to reject cookies. However, certain functionality of this Website may not work properly (if at all) if you reject cookies.
How Is Information Used and With Whom Is It Shared?
We use your information to enhance the Website and to personalize your experience. When you make a donation, we may provide your financial information to third parties that help us process your donation. However, any third party vendor will only use your information for processing your donation and for no other purpose. We will not sell your financial information to third parties. We use contact information from various registration forms to send you information about our products and services and promotional material from some of our partners and affiliates. The contact information is also used to contact you when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Opt-Out Section below.
We may also collect and report to third parties (such as affiliates, content and service providers and advertisers) aggregated, non-identifiable information from this Website. Third parties may collect information about you when you view and/or click on various advertisements, and we do not control the collection of this information.
We may be required, by applicable law, subpoena, court order or other legal process to disclose your personally identifiable information, and it is our policy to comply with any such requirements.
Opt-Out Procedure
We offer you the ability to opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you wish to remove your information from one or all of our mailing lists or no longer receive future communications from Princeton Health, please contact Princeton Health's Marketing & Public Affairs Department at 609.252.8785 or send us an e-mail at privacyofficer@princetonhcs.org. Your request to opt-out will be effective within a reasonable amount of time. While we are committed to handling your request promptly, it is possible that you will receive one or more additional communications from Princeton Health before your contact information is removed.
Security of Your Information
We work hard to protect your personal information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including the use of firewalls, restricted access to data, employee training and other reasonable precautions.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Never share your password with anyone else, notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached, and remember to log off of this Website before you leave your computer.
This Website contains links to other websites operated by third parties that may be of interest to you. We cannot control these third party sites, which may collect personal information from you. When you follow a link and leave this Website, you do so at your own risk.
What Princeton Health Does About Children Visiting the Website
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us via e-mail at privacyofficer@princetonhcs.org if they would like this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our databases.
By using this Website, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, and your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, your only option is to not use the Website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 2, 2012.
Privacy Policy