http://www.nutrasanus.com/privacypolicy.html
(888) 559-3802
Search
Entire Site
Doctor Section
Information Only
for
Why NutraSanus?
About Vitabase
Ask The Doctor
Overstock Sale
Products
Allergy/ImmuneAmino AcidsAntioxidantsBeauty and Skin CareBlood SugarBrain HealthChildren HealthCholesterolClearanceDigestive HealthEnergyEssential Fatty AcidsEyesFruit and VegetableGourmet TeaHeart HealthHerbsJoint and BonesMen HealthNew ProductsSports NutritionStress/RelaxationValue LineVitamins/MineralsWeight LossWomen Health
Information
Anti-aging
Antioxidants
Herbal Supplements
Vitamins & Minerals
Herbal Teas
Weight Loss
Health Concerns
Health Links
Articles
Affiliates
Nutrasanus Privacy Policy
Effective on: (08/03/2007)
At NutraSanus.com we protect your privacy as if it were our own. We use the information you provide to us for the following purposes: to process your order(s), to reply to your questions, provide our newsletter via email, to provide our print catalog via postal mail, to facilitate a transaction you chose to enter into with our third party partner(s) and to incorporate your feedback into improvements to our Web site. We will not give, sell, or rent your personal information, including email address, or specific account activity to anyone for any reason without your prior consent except as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Our Secure Ordering.
NutraSanus LLC. uses Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to ensure the privacy of your personal information. To protect your information, we utilize state of the art back-end systems and restrict employee access to your information as well as encrypt all billing and payment information. Unless specifically authorized by you, no outside party is able to access or receive any of your personal customer information.
To further protect your personal information we use a secure server that cannot be accessed by any unauthorized party. If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, please feel free to place your order with us by phone at 1-888-559-3802. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. We want you to feel completely comfortable. If you have more questions about our security systems, or feel more comfortable ordering by phone, please call 1-888-559-3802 and we will be happy to help you.
Credit Card Fraud Protection.
All major credit card companies that we know of protect cardholders against fraud, subject to a $50 deductible.
Optional Phone Ordering.
If you are still skeptical about placing your order online, you may place
your order over the phone at 1-888-559-3802 during customer
service hours: Monday through Friday from 9am-6pm EST
Information We Collect.
In designing our website, we started with the simple belief that customer service is our number one priority. Therefore the customer information we collect is used to enhance our services to you, our customer.
When you visit our website, we collect non-personal information about your visit. We collect your IP address, browser type, domain name, and we log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We assign you a unique internal identifier to help keep track of your future visits. We use this information to gather aggregate demographic information about our visitors, and we use it to personalize the information you see on our website and the emails you receive from us (should you grant us permission to send to you). We keep this information for our internal use; we do not share it with others.
Our Web site uses cookies to store information between users' visits to our site and for the duration of the visit, also known as a session. Employing cookie technology is a way to remember information about a visitor when he or she navigates from one Web page to another. Our Web site uses cookies to hold users' unique session identifiers, allowing our Web server to serve correct information back to the user. Such information includes the user's shopping cart items, or whether he or she is logged in when requesting to view or modify personal information, including your email address and billing information, which may have been stored in our database. Our Web site cookies do not hold any personal identifiable information. Disabling or rejecting cookies will prevent users from adding items to the cart and checking out; however, standard browsing on our Web site does not require cookies.
When you subscribe to our newsletters NutraSanus LLC, asks you for contact information (email address). When you sign up for our newsletter we use your email address to send you our health newsletter and to inform you of sales and special offers. We will use your email address for no other purpose unless you opt in for our newsletter when you asked the question.
If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact,
billing, and financial information (such as your credit card numbers for purchases).
Contact information from the order form (email address, name, billing and
shipping address, and phone number) is used to send orders and information
about our company to you. Your contact information, including email address,
is also used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your
order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. The credit
card information we collect is used to bill you for products you purchase.
You may also place a autoship
order that will allow you to receive products on a regular basis without the
need to reenter that order every time. You may cancel this order at anytime
by sending an email or by calling 1-888-559-3802. You will automatically be
registered to receive our weekly newsletter if you opt in at the time of purchase.
You may opt-out at any later time by contacting us by phone or via email.
We have one third-party relationship.
When you purchase from us, we send your credit card information, name, and billing address to a credit card company for verification and to authorize your purchase.
Our affiliates may have access to transaction-level data.
Our third-party affiliate program may allow a small number of selected affiliates to gain access to individual user transaction information that originates from links on their websites. These affiliates generally include, but are not limited to affiliate sites and other associated sites. To properly track and credit the customer's transaction, these sites may give each of their members a unique code, which will uniquely identify the member or the member's organization. This code is activated only when the customer links directly from the affiliate site to NutraSanus LLC. Any transactions made at NutraSanus.com, while the code is active. will be reported back to the affiliate. NutraSanus LLC never passes on personal data as part of this feature. We will provide only the date of the transaction, the amount of the transaction, and the product purchased. To further protect the privacy of our customers, we require all affiliates requesting this feature to sign a statement promising to inform users beforehand of any such data collection, and to guarantee that any data collected will be used solely to reward users (or their selected charities) for their purchases. If you are concerned about having your purchase tracked in this manner, you may avoid it by visiting NutraSanus.com directly (without linking from an affiliate site). If the affiliate site has not made its tracking procedures clear to you, please notify us by email.
We occasionally run our own online surveys and we ask visitors for contact information (such as email address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company. You may opt-out of the survey and also opt-out of any future mailings at the time of the survey. The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site. This information is not shared with any other parties currently. We reserve the right to share this information with other parties in the future in an aggregated format that would not disclose any personally identifiable information.
Links.
This site contains links to other sites. NutraSanus.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Delete/Deactivate.
This site gives you the following options for removing your information, including email address, from our database, to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to info@nutrasanus.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Nutrasanus.com
880-D Royal Park Drive
Monroe, GA 30656
You can call the following telephone number: 1-888-559-3802
Change/Modify.
we allow you the opportunity to correct or update your account information, including email address. You can do this by:
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Nutrasanus.com
880-D Royal Park Drive
Monroe, GA 30656
You can call the following telephone number: 1-888-559-3802
When You Send Email to our Customer Service Department.
The information you send us is used to respond directly to your questions and comments. We also keep your email correspondence on file so that we may better serve you should you have additional questions in the future. Your personal information is shared with third parties (such as manufacturers) only with your explicit permission.
How We Notify You of Changes to our Privacy Policy.
Whenever we change our privacy policy, we will post a notice on our website indicating that a new version is available. If NutraSanus.com changes how it uses a user's personally identifiable information, including email address, the user will be notified by email and they may opt-out at that time. However, if you have opted-out of all communication with the site you will not be contacted, nor will your personally identifiable information be used in this new manner.
Contacting the Web Site.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Customer Service
Nutrasanus.com
880-D Royal Park Drive
Monroe, GA 30656
1-888-559-3802
To email: click here.
Site Map
About
Quality
Ordering
Privacy
Returns
Affiliates
Help
Contact
Statements not evaluated by the FDA.
Products not intended to treat, cure, or prevent diseases.
© 2020 Vitabase.
880-C Royal Park Drive, Monroe, GA 30656