https://www.alzwisc.org/privacy-policy/
Calendar
Subscribe to Monthly Newsletter
(888) 308-6251
We Can Help
For Persons With Memory Loss
For Family & Friends
For Employers
Learn More
Alzheimer’s & Dementia Basics
Maintaining Brain Health
Resources
FAQ
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Attend an Event
Walk With Us
Create a Fundraiser
Advocate
Participate in a Research Study
Become a Partner
About Us
Our Mission
Our Vision
ADAW Staff
Board Of Directors
Newsroom
Employment
Annual Report
Contact Us
Ways to Give
Direct Donation
Memorial & Tribute Gifts
Gifts of Stock/IRA
Giving at the Workplace
Wills & Trusts
Blog
Alzheimer’s Walk: Step Forward. Give Hope.
DONATE
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
The Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website. Information we collect from you is used to improve our site, provide you a better experience, respond to your questions and process your online donations.
Information collection
We collect two types of information on our website:
Web server traffic information. This information is used to determine the number of visitors to our site, length of stay and sources of traffic. We collect aggregate data – or totals of those visiting from a domain – not information identifying individual users. We use this information to help improve our site and our service to you.
Personal information provided by you. We collect email addresses and other personal information only when you provide it to us. If you fill out a form or survey, request information or make a donation, we may collect your name, address, city, state, zip code, telephone number and email address.
Use of personal information
The Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. collects information on our website. We do not sell, trade or rent our website visitor’s personal information to others other than those outlined in this section. If you willingly provide us your personal information, the Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. may use it in the following ways:
Email newsletter and advocacy email updates: When you sign up to receive The Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. e-newsletter and/or advocacy e-updates, we collect your email address, first name and last name and may also notify you about other information we think you will find valuable. To opt out and remove your name from future emails of this type, follow the unsubscribe instructions in the message.
Event registration. The Alliance provides online registration for our Alzheimer’s Walks. We may collect your name and email address and send you the Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. email bulletins or news. To opt out and remove your name from future emails of this type, follow the unsubscribe instructions in the message.
Write Congress: We track the number of letters sent to members of Congress on a password-protected website. At this time, we do not use personal information you provide us.
Annual Alzheimer’s Update Conference: Once per year, we provide to the Wisconsin Alzheimer’s Disease Research Center (WADRC) a mailing list to be used for Conference invitation mailings only.
Your consent
By using the Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. website, you consent to the collection and use of the information described above. Any changes to this policy will be posted prior to their implementation.
Your choice
We respect your privacy and recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you. Simply send an email to support@alzwisc.org or call 888.308.6251 with the following information:
To remove your name from mailing lists shared with other organizations, please provide your full name, mailing address and a sentence requesting removal.
To remove your name from the Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. postal mailing list, please provide your full name, mailing address and a sentence requesting suppression of your personal information in our files.
To review or correct your personal information with the Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc., please provide your name and a sentence requesting a review or a correction.
Back to top
Security
The Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of Wisconsin website employs SSL certificates on every page to ensure a securely encrypted connection. Internally, we limit private data access to our leadership team in compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA).
We remain diligent about anti-virus, anti-malware, and firewalls on our network. Internal passwords are generated by human resources, and employees must update regularly. Externally, we partner with and benefit from the privacy and security policies of Vanco Payment Solutions for donor funds. You can review this third-party privacy policy here.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, send an e-mail to support@alzwisc.org.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data sent to your Web browser and stored on your hard drive. Cookies help us improve our website by tracking and targeting the interests of our users as they visit different sections of our site. Cookies do not contain any personal information.
Log files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitors’ movements and gather broad information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personal information.
Pixels
The Alzheimer’s & Dementia Alliance of WI, Inc. uses pixels, or transparent GIF files to help manage emails.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the Alliance is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information.
Top