http://www.abqaurp.org/ABQMain/privacy.aspx
Skip to main content
Loading
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 21, 2018
Introduction
American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Physicians, Inc. (“ABQAURP”) is a provider of education and certification services for physicians, nurses, and other healthcare professionals.
We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive information from children.
We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice describes ABQAURP’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data and sets forth your privacy rights. We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, so we will from time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.
Data Protection Officer
ABQAURP is headquartered in Florida, in the United States. ABQAURP has appointed an internal data protection officer for you to contact if you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about ABQAURP’s personal data policies or practices. The data protection officer’s contact information is as follows:
ABQAURP
6640 Congress Street
New Port Richey, FL
34653-2804
Telephone:
800-998-6030
Email: abqaurp@abqaurp.org
How we collect and use (process) your personal information
ABQAURP collects personal information from its members, prospective members, and other customers.
This information includes basic contact information found on a business card:
name, job title, employer name, work address, work email, and work phone number.
If you are a physician, pharmacist, or nurse, we may ask for additional information to verify your practitioner license, such as your license number and date of birth.
We use this information to provide members and customers with requested programs and services, including membership services, continuing education, certification exams, and the like.
We also include members’ contact and certification information on our publicly available members’ directory on this website.
We do not sell personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties that facilitate the delivery of ABQAURP’s programs and services.
How we collect and use (process) your personal information
close
1. Personal information you give to us:
A. Membership
When you ask for information about ABQAURP as a prospective member or someone interested in receiving information about ABQAURP’s programs or services, you may voluntarily provide your name, email address, and other contact information.
When you become an ABQAURP member, we collect information about you including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, email address, employer name, telephone number, and profession and how you heard about ABQAURP.
We may ask you to voluntarily provide additional information in your membership profile, such as your mobile and home telephone numbers, fax number, the name of your company, your title at the company, your professional designation (for example,
M.D., R.N., J.D., etc.), and your gender.
If you are a Florida-based physician or nurse, we may ask for your Florida license number.
If you are a pharmacist, we may ask for your National Association of Boards of Pharmacy number and date of birth.
In your membership profile, you may have the option to upload a photograph of yourself and provide alternative mailing, billing, and shipping addresses.
Members may edit their profile at any time to change, add, or remove personal information.
We process your personal information to provide you with information you requested about ABQAURP or for membership administration, to deliver member benefits to you, and to inform you of ABQAURP-related events, content, and other benefits or opportunities associated with your ABQAURP membership. ABQAURP may also use this information to help ABQAURP understand our members’ needs and interests to better tailor our programs and services to meet your needs.
By becoming an ABQAURP member, you authorize ABQAURP to release your name, city, state, specialty, certification date, and join date to the ABQAURP Membership Directory, which is available to the public on this website on the function called “Find a Certified Quality Health Care Professional.”
You also grant permission to reprint your name along with any quotes, awards, or special recognitions given in conjunction with your status as an ABQAURP member. If you have an account on ABQAURP’s website, you also authorize ABQAURP to disclose your name, company, city, and state to anyone who uses the “User Account Search” function, within the “Create a new account” section, of the ABQAURP website.
B. Live events and conferences
From time to time, ABQAURP hosts events, which may include an annual conference. If you register for one of our events and you are a member, we will access the information in your member account to provide you with information and services associated with the event. If you are not a member and you register for one of our events, we will collect your name and contact information, which we will store in our database(s) and use to provide you with information and services associated with the event.
If you attend an ABQAURP-hosted event, ABQAURP may keep a record of your attendance for continuing medical education certificates and accreditation purposes.
From time to time, ABQAURP may have an exhibit at a conference, in which case individuals may voluntarily provide their names, email addresses, and other contact information so that ABQAURP may send them information about ABQAURP’s programs and services.
If you are a presenter at one of our events, we will collect information about you including your name, employer, and contact information, and photograph, and we may also collect information provided by event attendees who evaluated your performance as a presenter. We may also make and store a recording of your voice during the presentation, which may be made available for purchase by members on ABQAURP’s website for continuing education credit.
We keep a record of your participation in ABQAURP events as an attendee or presenter. This information may be used to provide you with membership and certification services (such as, for example, keeping track of your continuing education credits). It may also be used to help ABQAURP understand our members’ needs and interests to better tailor our programs and services to meet your needs.
C. Publications
Included in an ABQAURP membership is a subscription to PSQH Magazine.
ABQAURP shares the following member information with the magazine’s owner for the purpose of having the magazine mailed to members:
names, mailing addresses, membership identification numbers, and degrees.
Members may unsubscribe from the magazine by contacting the data protection officer identified above.
D. Continuing Education
If you participate in any continuing education programs offered by ABQAURP, including online courses, home study, or exam preparation, you may sign up directly through ABQAURP in which case we collect your name and contact information directly from you. We may also use independent contractors to conduct the training. Your personal information will be stored in our database (hosted by cloud service provider) and may also be shared with our training partners, trainers, and/or the venue hosting the event (to verify your identity when you arrive). ABQAURP’s training partners, trainers, and training venue hosts have agreed not to share your information with others and not to use your personal information other than to provide you with ABQAURP programs and services.
E. Certification
When you sign up to take a certification exam, we will collect your name, contact information, hospital affiliations, education, post-graduate education, health care quality and management work-related activities and references, license verification (suspension, disciplinary action, hospital privileges affected, etc.), and other information necessary to confirm qualification for and administer the exam.
For physicians, we will also collect information about your professional license, medical school, and post-graduate training. We will also collect and store information you provide to us about your need for special accommodations. This information may be shared with our computer-based exam administration and hosting services. The computer-based exam administration and hosting services may also collect information to verify your identity, such as a government-issued form of identification and a photograph of you, and share with us information you provide to them to verify your identity in taking the exam. The computer-based exam administration and hosting services have agreed not to share your information with others and not to use your personal information other than as necessary to provide you with the programs and services requested.
ABQAURP will collect your exam results and, in conjunction with maintaining your certification(s), your record of participation in continuing education.
F. Your correspondence with ABQAURP
If you correspond with us by email, the postal service, or other form of communication, we may retain such correspondence and the information contained in it and use it to respond to your inquiry; to notify you of ABQAURP conferences or other services; or to keep a record of your complaint, accommodation request, and the like. As always, if you wish to have ABQAURP “erase” your personal information or otherwise refrain from communicating with you, please contact the data protection officer identified above.
If you ask ABQAURP not to contact you by email at a certain email address, ABQAURP will retain a copy of that email address on its “master do not send” list to comply with your no-contact request.
G. Purposes for processing your data
As explained above, ABQAURP processes your data to provide you with the information, goods, or services you have requested or purchased from us, including membership services, events, publications, and other content, certification, and training. We use this information to refine our programs and services to better tailor them to your needs and to communicate with you about other services ABQAURP offers that may assist you in your career or otherwise help you do your job as a healthcare professional.
H. Payment card information
You may choose to purchase goods or services from ABQAURP using a payment card. Typically, payment card information is provided directly by users, via ABQAURP’s website, into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which ABQAURP subscribes, and ABQAURP does not, itself, process or store the card information. Occasionally, members or customers ask ABQAURP employees to, on their behalf, enter payment card information into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which ABQAURP subscribes. We strongly encourage you not to submit this information by email. When ABQAURP employees receive payment card information from customers or members by email, fax, phone, or mail, it is entered as instructed and then deleted or destroyed.
I. Personal information we get from third parties
From time to time, ABQAURP receives personal information about individuals from third parties.
This information includes names and mailing addresses.
ABQAURP uses this information to mail brochures, postcards, or other marketing communications to such individuals.
If you wish to discontinue these mailers to you, you may contact the data protection officer to request ABQAURP not to send additional future marketing communications.
J. What happens if you don’t give us your data
You can enjoy many of ABQAURP’s services without giving us your personal data. Much of the information on our website is available even to those who are not ABQAURP members. You can even enter only the minimal amount of information (name and contact information) to your ABQAURP member profile if you wish, and you can edit your profile at any time. Some personal information is necessary so that ABQAURP can supply you with the services you have purchased or requested and to authenticate you so that we know it is you and not someone else. You may manage your ABQAURP subscriptions and you may opt-out of receiving marketing communication at any time by contacting the data protection officer identified above.
expand_more
Learn More
arrow_upward
Back to top
Use of the ABQAURP website
As is true of most other websites, ABQAURP’s website collects certain information automatically
and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the
region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type,
operating system and other usage information about the use of ABQAURP’s website, including a history
of the pages you view. We use this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’
needs. We also may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer
our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information
that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. ABQAURP’s website also uses cookies and web
beacons. It does not track users when they cross to third party websites, does not provide targeted
advertising to them, and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Use of the ABQAURP website
close
Cookies and web beacons
Cookies are pieces of data a Web site transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping
purposes. Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information
about website usage, e-mail response, and tracking.
The website uses cookies and Web beacons to provide enhanced functionality on the site
(e.g., user ID and password prompts, and conference registration) and aggregate traffic
data (e.g., what pages are the most popular). These cookies may be delivered in a
first-party or third-party context. ABQAURP may also use cookies and web beacons in
association with e-mails delivered by ABQAURP. Our website also captures limited
information (user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by the user, client-side
and server-side clickstream) about visits to our website; we may use this information
to analyze general traffic patterns and to perform routine system maintenance. You
have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All
major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. To learn more
about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy
features in your browser.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”). Google Analytics uses ‘cookies', which are text files placed on your
computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated
by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use
this information for the purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling
reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating
to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to
third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the
information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other
data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate
settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able
to use the full functionality of this website. By using ABQAURP website, you consent
to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set
out above.
ABQAURP also uses a marketing database management program that deploys a cookie when
a user interacts with a marketing communication, such as a marketing email or a
marketing-based landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal information
such as your name, which pages you visit on ABQAURP website, your history arriving at
ABQAURP website, your purchases from ABQAURP and the like. We use this information to
evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. You may set your browser to
block these cookies.
Do not track
ABQAURP does not track its customers when they cross to third party websites, does
not provide targeted advertising to them, and, therefore, does not respond to Do Not
Track (DNT) signals.
expand_more
Learn More
arrow_upward
Back to top
When and how we share information with others
Information about your ABQAURP purchases and certification status are maintained in association with your membership or profile account.
The personal information ABQAURP collects from you is stored in one or more databases hosted by third parties located in the United States. These third parties do not use or have access to your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval or to perform functions on our or your behalf, such as delivering certification exam services. On occasion, ABQAURP engages third parties to mail information to you, including items like books you may have purchased, or material from an event sponsor. If you are a certified quality healthcare professional, ABQAURP posts your contact and certification information on our publicly available directory on this website (called “Find a Certified Quality Health Care Professional”).
You may request removal from that directory at any time. If you have an account on ABQAURP’s website, ABQAURP may disclose your name, company, city, and state to anyone who uses the “User Account Search” function, within the “Create a new account” section, of the ABQAURP website.
When and how we share information with others
close
We do not otherwise reveal your personal data to third-parties for their independent use unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) it’s in connection with ABQAURP-hosted and ABQAURP co-sponsored conferences as described above; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the rights, property, or safety of our employees or others; (4) the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our or your behalf; (5) to address emergencies or acts of God; or (6) to address disputes or claims or to persons demonstrating legal authority to act on your behalf; and (7) through the ABQAURP member directory as described below.
ABQAURP’s website uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter. If you choose to “like” or share information from ABQAURP’s website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your site visit to your personal data.
Member Directory
ABQAURP makes certain member information available to the public through the function on the website called “Find a Certified Quality Health Care Professional.”
Members may opt out of having their information shared in this function by contacting the data protection officer identified above.
User Account Search
The ABQAURP website has a function called “User Account Search,” which may be found within the “Create a new account” function on the website.
Before a user of the website creates a new account with ABQAURP, the website prompts the user to run a search under that user’s name, with the option of also entering in that user’s email address or a portion of the email address, to see whether the user already has an account with ABQAURP.
The goal is prevent an individual from having two separate accounts, or duplicative accounts, with ABQAURP.
Any user of the website can type in any individual’s first and last names, and the User Account Search function will reveal whether that individual already has an account with ABQAURP.
If ABQAURP has an account for someone with that name, the User Account Search function will display the account holder’s name, company, city, and state.
By creating an account with ABQAURP, you consent to ABQAURP displaying your name, company, city, and state to anyone who uses the User Account Search function to search for accounts in your name.
expand_more
Learn More
arrow_upward
Back to top
Transferring personal data from the EU to the US
ABQAURP has its headquarters in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR. ABQAURP relies on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR. In particular, ABQAURP collects in the U.S. personal data only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of ABQAURP in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. ABQAURP endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only as consistent with your relationship with ABQAURP and the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
ABQAURP also minimizes the risk to your rights and freedoms by not collecting or storing sensitive information about you.
Data subject rights
This Privacy Notice is intended to inform you about what personal information ABQAURP collects about you and how it is used.
You may have certain rights with respect to your personal information on file, such as rights relating to access, correction, deletion, restriction, or portability.
If you wish to exercise or learn more about those rights, please contact ABQAURP’s data protection officer identified above or continue reading below.
Data subject rights
close
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office.
You may request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside ABQAURP might have received the data from ABQAURP; what the source of the information was, if you didn’t provide it directly to ABQAURP; and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by ABQAURP if it is inaccurate. You may request that ABQAURP erase that data or cease or restrict the processing of it, subject to certain exceptions and requirements.
You may have the right to object to processing your data and the right to data portability. You may also request that ABQAURP cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how ABQAURP processes your personal data. When technically feasible, ABQAURP will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.
Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost to ABQAURP members, conference attendees, and others upon request made by you or on your behalf to ABQAURP’s data protection officer identified above. If access cannot be provided within a reasonable time frame, ABQAURP will provide you with a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, ABQAURP will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
expand_more
Learn More
arrow_upward
Back to top
Security of your information
To help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit through use of this website, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.
Data storage and retention
Your personal data is stored by ABQAURP on its servers and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services ABQAURP engages, located in the United States. ABQAURP retains data for the duration of the customer’s or member’s business relationship with ABQAURP. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact ABQAURP’s data protection officer identified above.
Changes and updates to the Privacy Notice; Agreement to Terms and Conditions
As our organization, membership, and benefits change from time to time, this Privacy Notice is expected to change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Notice at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Notice at this website. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and terms and conditions and will email ABQAURP members of material changes thereto, but you should check our website frequently to see the current Privacy Notice that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it.
Changes and updates to the Privacy Notice; Agreement to Terms and Conditions
close
The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the terms and conditions that govern the use of this website.
By using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Notice and any other agreement we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this website or any ABQAURP benefits or services. You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Notice or any other agreement we have with you will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida and that venue for any such dispute will be in Pasco County, Florida.
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts in Florida. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in any agreement we may have with you.
expand_more
Learn More
arrow_upward
Back to top
Membership
Overview
Professional Membership
Diplomate Membership
Corporate Membership
ABQAURP's Corporate Members
Apply for Membership
Certified Diplomate Logo Program
Recertification Policy
Rules & Regulations
Member Code of Ethics
Privacy Policy
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##