http://www.summahealth.org/patientvisitor/helpful-information/flushot
Home
Patients & Visitors
Skip subnavigation.
Patients & Visitors
Patients
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Request Appointment
Commitment to Service Excellence
Summa Health Medical Group
Your Discharge
Visitors
Amenities & Services
Order Flowers or Gifts
Food Services
Parking Information
Locations
Visitation Guidelines
Helpful Information
Programs
Campus Safety (Police Department)
Akron Campus Way Finder
What to Expect During Your Stay
More Personal Care
Patient Support
Advance Directives
Release of Patient Information Form
CaringBridge
Find a Doctor
Language Services
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Notice of Privacy Practices
MyChart | Login Page - Summa Health
Emmi
Patient & Family Advisory Council
FAQs
Our Commitment
The Joint Commission
Healthcare Ethics
Compliments and Complaints
Code of Conduct
Pay Online
Online Bill Pay
Insurance & Billing
Insurance Information
List of Accepted Insurance Plans
Patient Price Reports
CMS Pricing Transparency
Financial Assistance
Financial Assistance Policy Translations
Patients & Visitors
Patients & Visitors
Thank you for choosing Summa Health System as your healthcare provider. As an Integrated Healthcare Delivery system, our goal is to provide you with the right care at the right time in the right place. We are focused and driven to be the premier healthcare system in our region.
Through each of our hospitals, outpatient, ambulatory, urgent care and rehab facilities, you’ll see what differentiates us from other healthcare systems -- our culture of compassionate care. Our primary focus is on establishing relationships – between the patient and the physician.
Summa Health System is committed to being an established and integral part of the community -- providing a healthier place for you to live with a dedication to provide services that invest, engage and transform the communities we serve into a better place to call home.
Because we are a locally-owned, not-for-profit organization, the decisions we make that affect you and your family are made by the people who reside here, who understand our local area and the healthcare needs of our residents.
Our patients inspire us. They demand the best from us. Every Summa Health System employee is here to serve you whether you are a patient or are visiting someone who has selected Summa for their healthcare needs. We have the profound duty and obligation to ensure our patients have every opportunity to live their lives to the fullest. Together with our physicians, staff and community leaders, we keep the communities we serve healthy.
Let us know at any time if there is any way we can improve the healthcare services we provide to you or improve your visit while here. You may contact our Service Excellence team online or by calling (330) 375-6765.
Options to Request an Appointment
If your situation is an emergency, call 911.
Call Us
234.867.7965
Request a Callback
Send us your information and we will call you to schedule an appointment.
Select
Close