http://www.bellridgeah.com/privacy
(602) 938-1982
Open 7 Days a Week
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form. When contacting us through our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your:
name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your inquiry, in addition
to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
To improve our website and services, to make it more user-friendly, and to monitor that it is performing correctly.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal
information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow)
that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the
future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers
are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
View Google Analytics Public Policy
Use of Remarketing with Google Analytics and/or Google AdWords
We collect cookies on our Web site to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and we use this information only internally
- to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns
on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. We do not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality
on our Web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You
can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change
your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable. We never give away information about our
users. If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, we will use this information only to respond
to your inquiry. We will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the
purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific product or service.
We use analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. This enables us to match the right
site visitors with the right advertising message. Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
You can also opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
You may also use the following cookie opt-outs:
Google Advertising Cookie Opt-Out Plugin
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties
who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information
confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies,
or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties
for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate
and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under
13 years of age. Our website, our products, and our services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Bell Ridge Animal Hospital, Boarding & Grooming
3539 W. Bell Rd., #4
Phoenix,
AZ
85053
P: (602) 938-1982
This policy is powered by Trust Guard, your PCI compliance authority.
(602) 938-1982
Open 7 Days a Week
Connect with us
Mailing List
Payment Plans
We offer interest-free payment plans!
Learn More
Bell Ridge Animal Hospital, Boarding & Grooming
3539 W. Bell Rd., #4
Phoenix,
AZ
85053
(602) 938-1982
Open 7 Days a Week7:30am-7pm Monday thru Friday8am-3pm Saturday and Sunday
Facebook
Bell Ridge
Animal Hospital, Boarding & Grooming
About Us
Overview
Our Doctors
Emergencies
Forms
Resources
Pharmacy
Videos
Contact
Careers
WOW Promise
Full Services
Free Vaccines for Life
Grooming
Payment Plans
Boarding