http://www.einstein.edu/gastroenterology/conditions/stomach
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Gastroenterology / Conditions & Treatments / Stomach Disorders
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Direct Access Colonoscopy
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Stomach Disorders
Stomach conditions can range from mild discomfort to disorders that can become serious and life-threatening. At Einstein, we are experts in the latest tests and treatment options for a full range of these conditions including treatment of stomach ulcers, treatment of infections, as well as advanced endoscopic procedures including removal of lesions in the stomach endoscopically.
Diagnostic Testing & Treatment
The gastroenterology team at Einstein offers a full range of the most advanced diagnostic testing and treatment for stomach conditions.
Endoscopy
The most common procedure used in diagnosing esophageal and stomach conditions, endoscopy is a nonsurgical procedure that helps your gastroenterologist examine your esophagus, stomach and upper small intestine using a flexible tube with a camera attached. During an endoscopy, your doctor may take biopsies to check for infections, certain diseases and rule out cancer. If there is evidence of abnormalities that require treatment, such as bleeding or stretching of the esophagus for a narrowing, it will be performed. Your endoscopy will be performed under sedation, and you will need to fast for six to eight hours prior to the procedure.
Endoscopic Ultrasound
In some cases, your gastroenterologist may use a special endoscope that creates an ultrasound image of your upper gastrointestinal tract, aiding in the detection of conditions that may be hard to see with the endoscopic camera.
Endoscopic Mucosal Resection
This endoscopic procedure allows your gastroenterologist to remove polyps, precancerous growths, or even early stage cancer from your upper and lower digestive tract.
These lesions previously required surgery to remove, but with advanced technology and techniques we are now able to remove the majority of these lesions completely from the inside without requiring surgery.
Endoluminal Stenting
If you have a cancerous or noncancerous blockage in the bile duct, esophagus, colon, gallbladder or small intestine, your gastroenterologist may place a thin plastic or metal stent to manage the blockage and relieve some of your symptoms.
Breath Testing
Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO), a condition in which bacteria that normally live in your large intestine end up in your small intestine. This can cause symptoms of bloating, abdominal pain, diarrhea, and weight loss. In this test, you ingest a manmade sugar that can only be digested by these bacteria and collecting breath samples over a three-hour window. A lab analysis of the samples will determine if you have SIBO and where the bacteria is located, helping your doctor develop a treatment plan.
Request an Appointment
If you are experiencing chronic or recurring abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, incontinence, gastrointestinal bleeding or other symptoms of a gastrointestinal condition, make an appointment with one of our specialists today.
Request an Appointment
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Direct Access Form
Colonoscopy Prep
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of digestive health and are actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.