https://www.dana.org/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
We at Dana believe that anyone who visits our Web site has the right to remain anonymous.
Accordingly, we do not collect any information about you without your informed consent. If you do not want us to know your identity or anything about your interests, you remain welcome to the information available onscreen on the Dana site.
What if you wish to request free Dana publications in hard-copy form, or want us to send information to you by mail or e-mail? When you voluntarily make such requests and send us your name and address, the only use we make of that information about you is to respond to your request.
If you choose to sign up to participate in an online survey, you are assured that your voluntary identification will not be shared for any marketing purpose.
We do use mailing houses and third party e-mail automation services for distribution of our publications, but we insist these mailing houses and third parties agree not to use our lists for any secondary purpose. Dana does not sell, lend or rent or give your name and address or any other personally identifiable information about you to anyone. If you supply us with any information, you may direct us to delete it at any time.
What about “cookies”? “Cookies” are data packets stored on your device that contain information about you so that others can track your interests or remember your instructions. Because many people think these devices can be a threat to their privacy, we are very careful and limited in our use of cookies. Dana only uses a session cookie to authenticate those visitors who choose to register to subscribe to Dana publications or to log in to the brainawareness.org Partner Dashboard. Dana does not use its own cookies in other areas of the site, but Google (Search functions and videos from YouTube) and Soundcloud (podcasts) sessions do use their own cookies. To learn how often our site is being visited and what pages our audience finds most useful, we review Internet Protocol addresses in the aggregate that are not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual or family.
Please be aware that our site contains links to many other sites that may not be as stringent as Dana is about guarding your identity. We cannot be responsible for their practices. When you leave our site to link to another, we urge you to examine the stated policy of every other site for assurance that no personally identifiable information about you can be collected or shared without your consent.
We urge parents to tell their children to never give out names, addresses or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet.
Ours is the most privacy-protective policy we can devise while retaining the ability to respond to your requests. If you have questions about it, or suggestions to further protect visitors like you, please contact us (anonymously or otherwise) at privacy@dana.org. If we want to use the information you have given us in a different way, we will contact you by e-mail and ask permission first.
Our Guiding Privacy Principles:
You have the right to remain anonymous.
You can rest assured that Dana will do nothing with information you send us beyond its specific purpose without your consent.
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) Supplemental Privacy Policy
The Dana Foundation has developed a supplemental Privacy Policy to address the requirements of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). This supplemental Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference and can be found here.
More Q&A About the Brain
Brain Basics
Find more in menu above
Cerebrum
Quarterly magazine
News and analysis on emerging ideas in neuroscience.
Brain Basics
Key Brain Terms Glossary
Key Brain Terms Glossary
Explore More
Sign up for monthly email updates on neuroscience discoveries, Cerebrum magazine, and upcoming events.
Subscribe
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you agree that you are OK with it.
Cookie SettingsACCEPTPrivacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.