http://www.pinnaclehealth.org/site-and-legal-information/privacy-and-compliance/
Skip to Content
1607655129520
1607655129660
Privacy and Compliance
Popular Patient Tools
Close Nav
MyPinnacleHealth
Patient Portal
Pay My Bill
Request Appointment
Price Estimator
Find Walk-In Care (required)
Submit Walk-In Search
Toggle navigation
Go to Home Page
Toggle Quick Tools
Toggle Search
ALERT: Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information -- *Updated Visitor Guidelines
Read More
Search Entire Website
Share:
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share by Email
Privacy and Compliance
Privacy and Compliance
Contact
Need more information?
Phone:
717-782-3293
View Our Doctors
View Our Locations
Register for a Class/Event
At UPMC Pinnacle we are committed to protecting the privacy and the confidentiality of your medical information.
The HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996) Privacy Rule gives individuals a fundamental right to be informed of the privacy practices of their health care providers, as well as to be informed of their privacy rights with respect to their personal health information.
Covered health care providers are required to develop and distribute a notice that provides a clear explanation of these rights and practices. Our Notice of Privacy Practices, available UPMC.com's website, describes how we are permitted to use your medical information and how you may obtain access to this information.
Our Website Privacy Policy describes what information we collect about you and how it is used.
Obtaining Your Medical Records
If you wish to obtain a copy of your medical records, or if you wish to allow UPMC Pinnacle to share your Protected Health Information with another person, you must complete an
Authorization to Use or Disclose Health Information.
You will need Adobe Acrobat to view and print the form.
To submit the completed form:
Via mail:
UPMC Pinnacle Harrisburg Campus
Health Information Department
P.O. Box 8700
Harrisburg, PA 17105;
Via fax:
Fax to: 717-782-3671
In person:
If you prefer to complete the authorization and pick up your medical records in person, please contact us in advance at 717-782-3293, so that we may direct you to the campus where your records are available.
Your browser is not supported. To view this website,
please download the latest version of IE.
If this is a medical emergency, please dial 911