https://www.macular.org/privacy-policy
The AMDF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, publicly supported organization. Contributions are tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
Skip to content
AMDF respects the privacy of our donors and website visitors.
Thank you for visiting the AMDF website and reading the AMDF privacy policy statement. The American Macular Degeneration Foundation (AMDF) works for the prevention, treatment, and cure of macular degeneration through raising funds, educating the public, and supporting scientific research. The American Macular Degeneration Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, publicly supported organization. Contributions are tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
In order to fulfill its mission, the AMDF maintains databases that are compiled exclusively of information knowingly and voluntarily provided to the AMDF by our donors and website visitors. The AMDF respects the privacy of our donors and website visitors. The AMDF does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our donors and website visitors, unless required for law enforcement or otherwise required by law. Please note, the AMDF receives memorial and special occasion donations, both on-line and through the mail. The AMDF may list the name, city, and state of the donor and the occasion in our print Newsletter. This is a well-established policy adopted by most charitable organizations. However, donor amounts and specific addresses are not disclosed. Donors who want the amount of their donation publicly disclosed may request the same from the AMDF.
We must disclose pertinent credit card information to appropriate banking institutions for those persons using credit cards to make donations to the AMDF. However, credit card information collected by the AMDF is used strictly for billing purposes.
Site Visitorship Data
The AMDF routinely gathers data on website activity, such as how many people visit our website, the pages they visit, and where they come from. This data is collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means no personal information is associated with this data.
Please be aware that our website contains links to other websites and that the privacy practices of these other websites may differ from those of AMDF. Each website is responsible for its own privacy practices.
If the AMDF decides to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page immediately. If we decide to alter this privacy policy statement, we will show the date of change using the “Last Updated” statement below.
This privacy policy statement was originally posted on March 15, 2000, and it details the AMDF privacy policy in place since the AMDF website went on-line on January 2, 1998. Very minor changes were made in this privacy policy on November 9, 2001.
Nondiscrimination Policy
On March 1, 1998, the American Macular Degeneration Foundation adopted a stated policy of nondiscrimination in regard to all persons, irrespective of their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual preference, age, disability or veteran’s status, and compliance with all requirements of law and regulations with respect to employment, volunteer participation and the provision of services.
What you need to know about Coronavirus and your AMD care.
Thank you for signing up!
Don't Miss AMDF Updates
Sign up below and we'll send you an email when we update the site or have other news for you. We won't sell or give your information to anyone else, and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please select ONE category from the email lists that best describes your interest in macular degeneration.
First Name:
Email Address:
Email Lists:Caregivers & PatientsHealthcare ProfessionalsMediaResearchers and Academics
Sign Up
Email Privacy Policy
Video
What a Person with AMD Sees
Video
Animation of Wet and Dry Macular Degeneration
Recent Blog Posts
Coronavirus and Your Macular Degeneration Care
March 19, 2020
2019 Macular Degeneration Gift Guide
December 15, 2019
AMDF Reviews SeeBoost – Assistive Device for Central Vision Loss
October 1, 2019
Cutting Edge Research Grants Announced
by The American Macular Degeneration Foundation, Co-funded with Research to Prevent Blindness
June 25, 2019
AMDF In the Trenches: Stimulating Research Through New Grants and Partnerships
January 15, 2019
AMDF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, publicly supported organization (Charity ID #04-3274007). Contributions are tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.