http://www.skininc.com/privacypolicy
si
Allured Business Medias Privacy Policy
4/20/2016
376374151
Privacy Policy
Allured Business Media's Privacy Policy
Last Revised: October 30, 2018
Thank you for visiting Allured Business Media’s family of websites. This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps and other services that display or link to this Privacy Policy. By visiting one of our websites and allowing us to collect personal data from you, you are agreeing to and accepting the practices in this privacy policy.
We provide you with information that is tailored to your individual professional needs and, at the same time, help you protect your privacy. This notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal information is collected and used.
Collecting Information
We use cookies and similar tools across our websites to analyze how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance. Cookies allow us to identify subscribers and ensure they can access the subscription only pages. If a subscriber opts to disable these cookies, the user may not be able to access all of the content the subscriber is entitled to.
The Type of Information We Collect
Personal information is information about an individual that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes personal identifiers such as an individual's name, address, and phone number. A domain name, Internet Protocol address, or date and time of access is not considered personal information. We will not obtain any personal information about you when you visit this site unless you voluntarily choose to provide that information. Personal information you choose to provide will be used by us only for business purposes. For example, if you send an e-mail message or complete a web form that contains personal information, we may retain your e-mail address and other information as appropriate for business purposes.
From time to time you may order products, enter drawings, vote in polls, subscribe to one of our services or publications, or participate in our online forums or communities. When you utilize these services, we will ask you for personally identifiable information which could include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products and services.
You also may occasionally submit information about other people. For example, you might list or provide a person's name and e-mail address to share content or order a gift subscription online. If you want it sent directly to the recipient, you must include the recipient's name, address and telephone number.
In addition, behavioral data may be collected during your visit to this website in order to provide a more personalize experience. Online behavioral data includes information collected from a particular website visitor regarding Web viewing behaviors such content item visits and click thru. Such information is used to predict user preferences or interests to deliver relevant content, advertising and promotional offers.
We also may collect certain non-identifiable information when you visit our Web pages such as the type of browser you are using (Ex: Firefox or Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (Ex: Windows XP or Mac OS X) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (Ex: Comcast or AT&T). We may collect your Internet protocol address, or IP address, which usually is associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, such as your Internet service provider, your company or your university.
How We Use the Information
We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs and services, to respond to your inquiries about offerings, and to offer you other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our drawings, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you or to contact you about your account with us.
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to fulfill your request to share content. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer relevant products or services to them.
If you submit content for publication (for example, a letter to one of our editors), we may publish your name and other information you have provided to us unless you specifically request that we not do so.
We sometimes use the non-personal information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites and to enable us to personalize your experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer products or services. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information and administer our Web site.
We will disclose information in our database when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
We allow access to our databases by third parties that provide us with services such as technical maintenance or content management, but only for the purpose of providing those services. If you choose to purchase items through one of our sites, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. There also are times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the site that are managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third parties, each pursuant to its own policies.
When you click a “submit” button on a form to get a download, listen to a podcast, register for a webcast, request more information etc. the information you enter on the form is provided to the sponsoring company. We also may provide your information (first and last name, company name, title and email) to our advertisers, so both sponsoring company and advertiser can provide you with product information that may meet your needs or match your interests. While we will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided. Allured Business Media and its publications and events have no control over such third parties and therefore do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.
Managing Your Information
By providing personal information to Allured Business Media, without opting out with respect to the applicable dissemination of such information, you agree to not hold, or seek to hold, Allured Business Media liable for any third party’s use of the personal information. Additionally, if you provide personal information with respect to any other person to Allured Business Media, you agreed to indemnify Allured Business Media with respect to any claims by such other person against Allured Business Media.
Unless you request otherwise, we may rent, sell or share your name, e-mail and mailing address with carefully selected companies who we believe can offer services and products of interest to you. If you do not wish to have your information (first and last name, company name, title and email) shared, you can immediately opt-out or contact us at customerservice@allured.com. If you do not wish to receive online marketing communications or newsletters from us, contact customerservice@allured.com or simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the e-mail. Allured Business Media will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE EURPOEAN UNION
Allured Business Media is committed to compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which implements data protection safeguards to be implemented by organizations who handle personal data of people living in the EU.
Therefore, if you reside or operate your business in Europe, please understand that: Allured Business Media, Inc. ("Allured") appreciates the opportunity to communicate with you regarding our respective businesses and that Allured is fully compliant with GDPR in connection with the handling of your personal information. The legal basis for Allured's communication with you is the legitimate interest of Allured to engage in business communication in conducting its operations.
Online access to information
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
Children and Parents
This site is not intended for use by children under the age of 18. Allured Business Media does not knowingly collect any personal information whatever from children.
Policy Changes
We value our customer’s information and will try to keep this in mind with all policy changes however it is important to note that this policy is subject to change without notice to any user of Allured Business Media’s family of websites.