http://www.drinkaware.co.uk/cookie-policy
Skip to content
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and user feedback, help us develop and improve our products and services and assist with personalising content. Please note rejecting some cookies may affect the website’s performance and functionality.
Click ‘I’m okay with this’ if you consent to use all non-essential cookies, ‘Analytics cookies only’ for analytics cookies only, or you can read our cookie policy and manage your own settings.
I’m okay with this
Analytics cookies only
Cookie Policy
Similar to other commercial websites, drinkaware.co.uk (Website) uses a technology called "cookies" and web server logs to collect information about how our Website is used.
At Drinkaware, we are working towards the implementation of personalised consent preferences with tailored control over cookies by purpose/feature. If you wish to manage your own settings or block cookies altogether, please skip to the bottom of this page for instructions.
Cookie Policy
Last Updated 12/06/2018
The Drinkaware Trust (“Drinkaware”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of every person who visits or registers with Drinkaware.co.uk (the “Site”) and the users of our iOS and Android mobile applications (the “Apps”) and the services, products and tools that we make available from the Site and our Apps, including MyDrinkaware and the DrinkCompare Calculator (our “Services”) and we are committed to ensuring a safe online and mobile experience. In order to ensure the smooth functioning of the Services, we utilise various digital technologies on our Site.
Purpose of this policy
This cookie policy is intended to explain to you how we use “cookies” and similar technologies (such as “web beacons”, “pixels”, or “tags”) on the Site and our Apps, and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Services. Please take a moment to read and understand this Cookie Policy. This Cookie Policy should also be read along with our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
What are cookies?
Cookies, click through URLs, log files, web beacons and pixel tags are very small text documents or pieces of code, which often include an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website or use a mobile application, your computer or device is asked for permission to store this file on your computer or device and access information from it. Information gathered through cookies and similar technologies may include the date and time of visits and how you are using the particular website or mobile application. Cookies are used by us as part of our Site and they are also used by some of our third party partners.
For more details on cookies and similar technologies please click here. For the purposes of the remaining sections of this Cookie Policy we will refer to all technologies using the above features as “cookies”.
Consent to use our cookies
Essential cookies are cookies which are essential for the operation of our Site.
Where you give your consent, we may also store and access certain non-essential cookies on your computer or other device. These cookies are not essential to the operation of our Site but allow us to provide additional functionality or to gather additional information about your use of our Site. You don’t have to consent to our use of non-essential cookies.
If you wish to block or delete cookies, or you would like to withdraw consent to our use of non-essential cookies, you can find out how to do so below.
What do we do with cookies?
Essential Cookies
We use cookies where they are essential for the operation of the Site, for example, to remember that you are signed in to the Site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are placed on a user’s device and expire once the session has been closed.
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies are placed on a user’s device to help remember information, settings, preferences or sign-in credentials that a user has previously saved. They help create a convenient and faster website experience.
Analytics Cookies
We use “analytics” cookies. These, along with other information, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people using the Site and which features of our Site are most popular. We use this information to improve the Site.
Social Media
We use cookies to personalise your interaction with social media, such as Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube. Such cookies recognise users of those social media sites when you view social media content on our Site. They also allow you to quickly share content across social media, through the use of simple ‘sharing’ buttons.
Our Site also contains features that enable you to use your Facebook account to sign in and create/maintain an account with us and to enable us to store your content. This involves the use of cookies.
What cookies do we use on our site?
Below we set out more information about the individual cookies used on our Site and the purposes for which they are used:
Google Analytics
These cookies enable us to store information such as the time you visit our site, whether you have visited before and the website that you visited prior to visiting our site.
We also use custom dimensions in google analytics: we have ‘ClientId’ set up at session level and ‘UserId’ set up at user level. These cookies allow us to track individual patterns of behaviour.
For more information about google analytics please see: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Duration: how long a google analytics cookie remains on your computer or device depends on what it is and what it is used for. some google analytics cookies expire at the end of your browser session, whilst others can remain for up to two years. you can delete google analytics cookies and other cookies at any time by clearing your cache.
Google Ads
These cookies allow us to see how many people access the site through a particular Google advert and allow us to track the users use of our site after they click the ad.
Duration: the standard cookie duration for Ads conversion tracking is 30 days.
You can delete Google Ads cookies and other cookies at any time by clearing your cache.
Google Tag Manager
These cookies track specific actions taken by users visiting the site.
Duration: 90 days
Google Play Store
These cookies track the number of users that click through to the google play store from the site.
Duration: 90 days
Twitter pixel
This is used for tracking the number of users who link to the site from twitter ads.
Duration: 90 days
Twitter button
Measures the number of times information from the site is shared on twitter by users.
Duration: 90 days
Twitter syndication
This cookie tracks how users use the site and targets the posts that users see on twitter as a result.
Duration: how long a twitter syndication cookie remains on your computer or device depends on what it is and what it is used for. Some twitter syndication cookies expire at the end of your browser session, whilst others can remain for up to two years. you can delete twitter syndication cookies and other cookies at any time by clearing your cache.
Facebook custom audiences
This is a set of cookies that tracks your interactions with our site, to provide you with personalised advertising on Facebook where you are a registered user of such service.
Your encrypted email address is also shared by us, or our third party service providers, with facebook for this purpose.
Duration: 180 days
Facebook pixel
This cookie is used for tracking the level of  conversion from Facebook ads and to target users with Facebook ads based on the actions they take on our site.
This pixel records information about a user's browser session, which it sends to Facebook, along with an anonymised version of the Facebook id and the URL viewed. this allows us to target our Facebook ads to audiences of people who have visited the site.
Duration: this cookie tracks conversions that happen within 1 day, 7 days, and 28 days after a person clicks an ad, and 1 day, 7 days, and 28 days after an ad is viewed.
You can delete the Facebook pixel cookies and other cookies at any time by clearing your cache.
These cookies allow users to use their Facebook ID as a single sign-on to interact with our site and to cross-post to their Facebook profiles.
Duration: 180 days
App Store button
This cookie tracks the number of users who download the app from the Apple Store site.
This cookie expires at the end of the user session.
YouTube listener
This cookie records how people interact with the videos on the site. it enables YouTube to track where the videos were watched and give us reports on where site traffic comes from.
Dotdigital cookies
Web behaviour tracking
This allows us to track and identify users of our site and the fact that they are part of our Dotdigital database of contacts. ranges from a cookie that expires after 20 minutes (collecting session information on pages visited) to cookies that expire after 365 days.
Site and ROI tracking
This cookie tracks Dotdigital contacts whilst they browse a site’s pages and records any ROI data, should they make a purchase. this data is then available in reporting, and for ROI split testing. Duration: one hour
Landing pages
This cookie identifies contacts to enable personalisation when they visit any landing page from that particular account.
Duration: 30 days after last view
Double-click (Floodlight)
These cookies inform, optimise and serve ads based on a user’s previous visit to our site and report how ad impressions, other uses of ad services and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our site.
Optimizely
These cookies are used for uniquely identifying users of the site and tracking how people use our site. We use the information to compile reports and help us improve the site.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices. this includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
Can you block cookies?
You can block the use of cookies altogether by activating the relevant settings in your browser. For more information on cookie management and blocking or deleting cookies for a wide variety of browsers, visit All About Cookies. For further information on how to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics please click here.