http://www.dogbeachdentistry.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Policy
Veterinary Dental Specialties and Oral Surgery is taking proactive actions to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. We are still welcoming clients and their pets for consultations and necessary surgery.  However, we're imposing the "no handshake" and "keep your distance" rules for all clients and staff within our hospital. We have 5 exam rooms, a large waiting area, lounge and plan to keep folks well away from one another. We will also be offering "wait in your car" parking lot check ins. We are following all state and local guidelines for infection control.
We are also asking all clients who have had contact with a known positive individual or are experiencing fever, chills, cough or shortness of breath to please postpone scheduling an appointment with us. If you fall in one of the above categories and feel your appointment is urgent, please consider having a non-live-in friend or neighbor fill in for you. We would be happy to discuss this policy by phone to help aid in decision making about your pet.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your information is our top priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.dogbeachvet.com and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Veterinary Dental Specialties & Oral Surgery. The Veterinary Dental Specialties & Oral Surgery website is an e-commerce website. By using the Veterinary Dental Specialties & Oral Surgery website, you consent to the data practices in this statement.
We do not share your personal information for the following items collected on our website:
Product or Book Purchases
Registration for paid CE or Veterinary Dental Training Events
When registering for a FREE CE, information may be shared with the event sponsor.
Veterinary Dental Specialties & Oral Surgery may collect personally identifiable information , such as your name. If you purchase Veterinary Dental Specialties & Oral Surgery products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.