https://www.sneb.org/privacy-policy/
Join Us
About
About
Become a Member
Institutional Membership
Organizational Membership
Affiliates & Collaborations
IANE Partnership
SNEB Leadership
Journal Committee
Awards
Nutrition Educator Competencies
Divisions
Positions and Resolutions
Scholarships
SNEB Foundation
Students
Contact Us
Webinars
About SNEB Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
Journal Club Series
Recorded Webinars
Purchase a Recording
Policy
News
Conference
Conference Home
Abstracts
Awards
Scholarships
Prior Conference Materials
2020 Conference Materials
Exhibitors and Sponsors
Buy Recordings
Division Meetings
Jobs
Post a Position
JNEB
Login
Awards
Upcoming Events - Webinars
Leadership
Divisions
Job Board
Member Directory
Organizational Members, Affiliates and Collaborations
ACPP
Recorded Webinars
Resource Library
SNEB Foundation
Student Resources
Volunteer
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy identifies the ways in which the Society for Nutrition Education and Behavior (SNEB) uses and protects any information that you give to SNEB when you use this website, including information provided in the member database.
SNEB is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, including the member database, it will be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
SNEB may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective as of Dec. 1, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Organization name and contact information
Individual’s name, job title, and contact information
Demographic information such as educational background, professional affiliations, preferences and interests
Information on how you found our organization
Other information relevant to membership, event registration, surveys and/or offers
International Privacy Laws
Visitors to the SNEB website from outside the United States are sending information (including personal data) to the United States where SNEB servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how it is stored. These countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage and use of your personal data will, at all times, continue to be governed by this privacy policy.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, which capture some information about website visitors.
In order to help enhance the performance and functionality of the Site, we utilize session, persistent and third-party “cookies” that store a small piece of data on a users’ computers and collect certain information about the users’ visit to our Site. We also use cookies to understand users’ browsing and buying activities so that we can measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run on the Site. Our Site also uses web beacons (either directly or from our partners), along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website. These beacons aid in providing more relevant advertising to the user, as well measuring the success of an advertising campaign, but provide no personally identifiable information.
Cookies are small text files that web servers typically send to users’ computer when they visit a website. Cookies are stored as text files on users’ hard drive and can be accessed by web servers when the user visits a website or views an advertisement. A session cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user is using the Site but is deleted once the browser session is finished. A persistent cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user utilizes the Site and stores and uses that information in connection with future visits of the user to the Site. Third-party cookies and/or web beacons are cookies or web beacons provided by our technology and/or advertising partners. Any third-party cookie or web beacon that we authorize for use on the Site only collects that information described below for the same stated purposes as if we were directly collecting the information. For a third-party cookie or web beacon, the third-party will have access to the collected information in order to provide us with information or services to enhance the performance and functionality of the Site.
The cookies and web beacons we use collect non-personally identifiable information about users of the Site, including: browser used to access the site, date and time, the URL of the page being loaded, visits to particular web pages, any previously assigned cookie identification (a unique identifier assigned to a user to identify repeat visitors), browser window size, the geographic location of the user, device and operating system used to access the Site. The information we collect from these cookies and web beacons is used to determine information about a user’s visit to our Site, including the number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed, navigation history through the website, and other statistics. This information is used to enhance the users experience while visiting our Site and to improve the performance of our Site by, among other things, allowing us to monitor Site performance, making the Site easier to use, measuring the effectiveness of promotional placements, and tailoring the Site (including the ads and offers a user receives) to better match a user’s interests and preferences.
Users who prefer not to accept cookies can set their Internet browser to notify them when they receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on their hard drive. If you consent to our collection of cookies and you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent, you will need to manage the settings on your web browser to delete all cookies and disallow further acceptance of cookies. Please note that disabling cookies on your browser will prevent us from tracking your activities in relations to our Site, however, it may also disable some of the functions and features of the Site and the Site may not work properly.
If you would like to determine your consent status, please contact us at: info@sneb.org.
By continuing to use our Site, you are agreeing to our placing cookies and/or web beacons on your computer in order to analyze the way you use our Site. Please read this cookie policy carefully for more details about the information we collect when you use the Site.
If you do not wish to accept cookies or web beacons in connection with your use of this Site, please discontinue use of the Site.
What we do with the information we collect
SNEB works with third party vendors to provide a more customized experience for you. To do so, we disclose personally identifiable information about you (specifically, your name and email address) to those vendors, though we do not allow them to re-sell or use that information for their own purposes.
How SNEB uses this information
To promote sound internal record keeping.
To improve our products, resources and services.
Fulfill member subscriptions to SNEB publications.
To contact our members and visitors with newsletters and emails about events, resources, industry news, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address and contact information which you have provided.
How SNEB may share information
The Board of Directors authorizes the following related to the use of SNEB’s membership information:
Information in the SNEB membership directory may be used by members, per SNEB policy, only as it relates to their membership interests.
Membership information gathered from members through SNEB’s online directory may only be used within the parameters stated above.
The Executive Director is authorized to rent SNEB’s mailing list for one-time use to organizations that have a product, service, or interest to sell or promote to members within the parameters stated above. It is the responsibility of the list purchaser to follow all applicable laws in regards to communicating with contacts provided on the list.
Your options
We will only send you email messages and email notifications if you have asked to be contacted for a specific purpose. If you decide you no longer wish to receive emails, you can click on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each message you receive and follow the instructions for opting out or contact us at info@sneb.org.
You have control over which information is shared by SNEB by reviewing your membership profile on www.sneb.org.
Information Correction & Deletion
SNEB members have the right to correct or update information. Any data that is no longer needed for the purpose of membership may be deleted by SNEB and will be deleted at your request. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.  Information may be retained by SNEB indefinitely.  Contact info@sneb.org for instructions on correcting and deleting information.
Access to information; Data Portability
An SNEB member has the right to request access to information SNEB has on the member. Contact us at info@sneb.org to obtain such data. You will be provided with a copy of the data we possess about you. Verification of identity will be required. Requests will be fulfilled electronically within five business days. An SNEB member has the right to receive personal data which the member has previously provided in a 'commonly used and machine-readable format' and to have this data transmitted outside of SNEB. If you need to access your data, please email info@sneb.org.
Children
This website is not targeted nor directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 13.  If you believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with his or her information, please notify us immediately at info@sneb.org.
Copyright
All material and images are copyright protected and may not be reproduced without written permission of SNEB.
Data Breach Response Policy
Any individual who suspects a theft, breach or exposure of SNEB-protected data has occurred must immediately provide a description of the event to info@sneb.org. SNEB will investigate all reported thefts, data breaches and exposures to confirm if an incident has occurred. If an incident has occurred all affected users will be notified immediately of the scope of incident, steps to correct the situation, and any further actions to help serve SNEB members in protecting their information.
Contact
Please email info@sneb.org to ask questions about the privacy policy or contact SNEB by phone at 317.328.4627, toll-free at 800.235.6690 or by mail at 9100 Purdue Road, Suite 200, Indianapolis, IN 46268.