https://www.metroplexwomensclinic.com/privacy-policy
PHONE: 817.299.9599
Locations
Mobile Pregnancy Clinic
Menu
HOME
ABOUT
NOTICE OF PRIVACY
FREE SERVICES
Pregnancy Verification
Ultrasounds
Options Counseling
Fathers & Fathers-To-Be
CLASSES
OPTIONS
APPOINTMENT REQUEST
LOCATIONS
CONTACT
DONATE
PRIVACY RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER HIPAA
Texas State law requires that all Health Care Providers (Pregnancy Medical Centers) protect health records in our possession. If you receive services through Metroplex Women’s Clinic (MWC), federal law, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), also protects your health information.  In addition, HIPAA requires that we provide you this Notice of Privacy Rights.  It lets you know how we may use and disclose your health information and your rights regarding the health information we have in our possession.
HEALTH INFORMATION THAT WE MAINTAIN ABOUT YOU
We maintain records of:
Your name and (if different) the name and relationship of the person receiving Treatment
Your billing address
Your telephone number
Your (or the patient’s, if different) condition that brings you here to MWC. The date the doctor or nurse reviewed your chart with you.
Clinical findings related to the condition such as results of Pregnancy Tests, Limited Ultrasound Results, Blood Tests and any other diagnostic or monitoring test to ensure your safety
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
You have the right to:
request restrictions on certain uses and disclosures
receive communications of protected health information by alternative means or at alternative locations
inspect, copy and amend your protected health information held at MWC
receive an accounting of certain disclosures (of your protected health information)
receive a paper copy of this notice even if you have received it electronically
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
We only use or disclose your health information as state and federal laws require or permit.  In some cases, the law requires that you authorize the disclosure.  In other cases, the law allows us to disclose your health information without your authorization.
Use and Disclosure Not Requiring Your Authorization
Treatment:  We may use your health information for our treatment activities, such as disclosing it to other healthcare providers as helpful to treat you.
Healthcare Operations:  We may use and disclose your health information to manage our program operations, such as reviewing the quality of services you receive.
Business Associates:  We may disclose your health information to organizations that help us with our work. We have a written agreement that requires these organizations to use your health information for only the reasons necessary to do the work, and protect it from other uses or disclosures, just like we do.
To Contact You: We may use the information in your health records to contact you if we have information about treatment or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.
Other Permitted Uses and Disclosures
HIPAA specifically permits us to use or disclose your health information for other purposes without your consent or authorization. In our experience such disclosures are rare, and the limited information we maintain is generally not applicable. However, when authorized by law, and to the extent we may have the information, HIPAA permits us to disclose it to:
comply with the requirements of federal, state, or local laws, court orders or other lawful process and for administrative or court proceedings
public health authority for the purpose of preventing or controlling disease, injury, or disability
report to the FDA for the quality, safety or effectiveness of FDA-regulated products or activities
notify a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or may otherwise be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition
report abuse, neglect or domestic violence to a government authority
provide necessary information to a health oversight agency for activities such as audits, investigations, inspections, licensure of the healthcare system, government benefit programs and regulated entities
a law enforcement official for specified law enforcement purposes
coroners or medical examiners for identification or determining cause of death
funeral directors to carry out their duties with respect to the decedent
organ procurement organizations for facilitating donation and transplantation
researchers conducting studies approved by an Institutional Review Board
prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of a person or the public
authorized federal officials for specialized government functions such as military and veterans activities; national security and intelligence activities; protective services for the president; medical suitability determinations; correctional institutions; government entities providing public benefits and comply with workers’ compensation laws
Uses and Disclosures with Your Authorization
Other uses and disclosures or your personal information require your written authorization. You may revoke your authorization at any time by doing so in writing.
HOW YOU CAN REACH US
If you want additional information about our privacy practices or if you believe the MWC has violated your privacy rights, you may file a complaint by contacting:
MWC HIPAA Privacy Compliance Officer
2810 NW Green Oaks Blvd
Arlington, TX 76012
MWC/MMPC does not retaliate against people who file a complaint.
Additional Protections for Certain Information
Confidential HIV related Information for which additional protections are provided by state law
Alcohol or Substance Abuse Treatment Information for which additional protections are provided by state law
Mental Health Treatment information for which additional protections are provided by Texas State law.
Now with four clinic locations in Arlington.
MWC North
2810 NW Green Oaks Boulevard
Arlington, TX 76012
Phone - 817.299.9599
MWC Southeast
5150 S. Collins
Arlington, TX 76018
Phone - 817.557.9111
MWC Southwest
7603 US Hwy N Frontage Road
Arlington, TX 76001
Phone - 817.563.6999
Metroplex Mobile Pregnancy Clinic
405 W. First St.
Arlington, TX 76010
Phone - 817-299-9599
metroplexmobile.com
Privacy Policy
©
2020
Metroplex Women's
Clinic
Privacy Policy