http://www.seronosymposia.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Add the specialty areas of your choice to tailor excemed.org to your professional interests.
Oncology
Neurology
Cardiometabolic
Reproductive medicine
Immunology
Endocrinology and metabolism
Save & Create free account
No thanks, just apply selection
I already have an account.
Login
EXCEMED FEATURESManage Hypertension OnlinePKU AcademyManage Thyroid OnlineManage Diabetes OnlineAboutWhat we doTHE EXCEMED™ METHODBoard of DirectorsMedical advisorsScientific CommitteeBecome our partnerGrantorsSearchLoginDonate
Search form
Search
User login
Login
E-mail or username *
Password *
Create new accountRequest new password
We offer our registered users tailored information, free online courses and exclusive content.
Free account
Can't find your password?Reset it here.
Username or e-mail address *
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
Please read this page carefully.
EXCEMED Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for excemed.org which is operated by EXCEMED – Excellence in Medical Education ("EXCEMED") referred to along with EXCEMED as “we,” us” and “our”. We refer to the sites Manage Hypertension Online, Manage Diabetes Online, Manage Thyroid Online and PKU Academy as the “EXCEMED network” and including but not limited to medical news, reference content, clinical tools, applications, sponsored programs, advertising, email communications, continuing medical education, market research opportunities and discussion forums, as the “Services.”We provide the Services as a professional resource intended to support healthcare professionals in their efforts to provide high quality medical care to patients. You can choose whether or not you want to register as an EXCEMED network member and use the Services. If you do choose to use the Services, you must agree to the EXCEMED Terms and Conditions which is the contract between us and users of the Services. By accepting the EXCEMED Terms and Conditions, you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to collect, use or share information about you and your use of the Services as described in this Privacy Policy, then you should not use the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge that we will store, use and otherwise process your information in Italy where we are located. Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, EXCEMED is the data controller responsible for the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.Information CollectedInformation about your use of the Services is collected as follows:Registration. When you register as a member of the EXCEMED Network, you must provide certain personal information such as your name, email address, profession, occupation, and specialty. You may choose to update or supplement the personal information that you provided at registration at any time through your account settings.Services Information. We automatically collect and store information about your use of the Services, such as your engagement with particular content learning resources, Learning Journey activities, surveys as well as whether you opened a particular email and clicked on a link. We also collect information about your device when you access the Services including IP address, browser information (including referring URL), cookie information, all of which may be associated with information we have about your use of the Services. We use cookies to collect the information about your use of the Services and your device. If you are a member of the EXCEMED Network, we may elect to associate this information with your registration information. For more information about the use of cookies and other tracking technologies within the EXCEMED Network, see our Cookie Policy.Non-registered Users. You must register with the EXCEMED Network to access all of the Services, however, you may be able to access certain limited Services without registering. Even if you have not registered, we collect information about your use of the Services through the use of cookies. The information we collect includes the referring website, if applicable, the type of browser you use, the material viewed, and the time and date that you accessed the Services.How Your Information May be UsedInformation about you may be used for the following purposes:Provision of the Services. We may use the information collected about you to provide and improve the Services and to conduct research supporting the development of new Services.Email Communications. By registering as a member of the EXCEMED Network, you agree to our use of your registration information and other information that we collect about you to send you email communications.Personalize the Services. We may personalize the Services if you register for a Learning Journey by sending you email notifications as part of the Services.Account Management. We may use your information to administer your account, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests and send you administrative communications about the Services.Sharing Your Information with Third PartiesInformation about your use of the Services may be shared as follows:Contractors Who Work for Us: We work with third party contractors to help us provide the Services and to otherwise assist us in the operation of the EXCEMED Network, including in the areas of email management and deployment, analytics, marketing, and live event management. We may provide these contractors with personal information about users of our Services so that they can fulfill their responsibilities to us, however, we do require that they agree to limit their use of this personal information to the fulfillment of these responsibilities.Learning Effectiveness Reports: If you participate in an EXCEMED live scientific programme or Learning Journey, you will be asked to complete 3 Learning Effectivess Surveys over the course of the educational experience. The anonymous results of the surveys will be shared with 3rd party grantors to assess the medical education programme.Aggregated Information. We may provide aggregated information about users of our Services to third parties as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. For example, EXCEMED may tell a customer what percentage of registered users of the EXCEMED Network reside in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area, or what percentage of participants selected a particular response to a Learning Effectiveness survey question.Social Widgets: We may include social widgets within the Sites and Apps which enable you to interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article. These widgets may collect browsing data which may be received by the third party that provided the widget, and are controlled by these third parties. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences directly with the applicable social network platform.Security of InformationWe have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, use and disclosure and accidental loss. When you enter personal information, we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology. You are solely responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account username and password. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Choice and ControlAccount Information. You may update your registration information at any time through the User Profile feature available on our Sites. You may also contact info@excemed.org  and request that your registration information be updated or deleted. Following your request, we will delete your registration information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media. Note that if we delete your account, we may maintain certain de-identified information about you for internal business purposes including research, analytics and reporting.Cookies. Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies, including third party cookies, however, if you choose to reject our cookies, your ability to access and use the Services will be limited. Refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information about opting out of cookies.Email Communications. If you no longer wish to receive a particular type of email communication from us, you may unsubscribe by clicking the "unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of the email and following the instructions. Also, you may manage your newsletter subscriptions within the newsletter subscriptions area within your account settings. Note that certain email communications that we send to members are service-related and as long as you are a member of the EXCEMED Network, you may not unsubscribe from such emails. Also, if you have provided us more than one email address, we may continue to contact you using the other email address not associated with the emails from which you have unsubscribed, until you unsubscribe from emails sent to that other address.Privacy Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting of the modified Privacy Policy unless we advise otherwise. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by email (sent to the email address included in your account profile) and/or by means of a notice on the Sites before the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. By continuing to use the Services after changes are made to this Privacy Policy, you agree to such changes.Contacting UsIf you have general questions about your account or the Services, contact info@excemed.org. For questions about this Privacy Policy or how your personal information may be used when you use the Services, please contact Roberta Cenci, Head of Educational Strategy: info@excemed.orgPlease note that if you contact us to assist you, we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request.Effective date: May 25, 2018