http://www.nursing.umaryland.edu/about/administration/offices/comm/copyright-privacy/
Copyright and Privacy Statement
HomeAboutLeadership, Offices, and ServicesAdministrative OfficesCommunicationsCopyright and Privacy Statement
Copyright
The University of Maryland School of Nursing (UMSON) does not condone or tolerate the unauthorized copying of copyrighted materials, including but not limited to web content, design, and licensed computer software.
Violators may be subject to discipline through standard University of Maryland (UM) procedures and may also face civil suit, criminal charges, and/or penalties and fines. Subject to the facts and circumstances of each case, such individuals or organizations shall be solely responsible for their defense and any resulting liability.
If you have questions about this policy, contact Ann B. Mech, JD, RN, director of legal affairs.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us.
UMSON collects information about visitors to our website. In general, you may visit this site without giving any personal information. Personal information is collected, however, when you log on to password-protected pages on the site.
Any information we collect is used for statistical analysis and marketing, with the intention of designing websites that better serve your needs. When collecting sensitive information, we require the highest level of encryption available and have precautions and countermeasures in place to protect the collection, storage, and retrieval of such information.
We do not sell, distribute, loan, or share this information with any group, organization, or company outside of those directly responsible to and contracted with UMSON or the University of Maryland as part of normal operations.
UMSON complies fully with University of Maryland policies on privacy and acceptable use.
Google Adwords Notice
UMSON uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to show advertisements related to the School on third-party websites to individuals who have previously visited the School's website. In order to do so, we may place tracking cookies on your computer. These cookies do not identify you personally, and any data that we use as part of Google's remarketing service is governed by Google's privacy policy.
You may opt out of our remarketing by changing your Google ad settings.
Please direct related inquiries to the following address:
Office of CommunicationsUniversity of Maryland School of Nursing655 West Lombard StreetBaltimore, MD 21201-1579
Event Planning & Room RequestsPromote Your News or Event