https://www.sonokids.org/sonokids-foundation-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We take your children's and your privacy and safety very seriously. The following Privacy Statement explains our privacy practices.
Our Applications
Sonokids Foundation’s mobile applications (“Applications”) are intended to provide fun and educational game apps for children to use on a mobile device under the guidance of their parents and teachers, and for teenagers and adults to use independently.
We do not collect any information when you download or use our applications. When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information from you or about you, your device, or your use of our mobile applications.
In addition:
The Applications do not contain any third-party ads;
The Applications do not include any In App Purchases;
The Applications do not contain analytical or any other data collection tools;
The Applications do not contain Social Network Integration;
The Applications do not allow web browsing from within the app; and
The Applications do not feature internet or e-mail links
Our Computer Software
Sonokids Ballyland software for PC’s and Apple computers with keyboard is especially designed for children. The software doesn’t collect any information from you or about you, your device, or your use of our computer software. If you use the website to purchase Ballyland software, we may store your e-mail address (and name if you give it) for the purposes of e-mailing you with information about other Sonokids or Ballyland products, competitions and news. We will NEVER pass your details on to any third parties. You can at any time request to be deleted from our mailing list by contacting us via support@sonokids.org.
Our Newsletter
If you sign up for our newsletter, we store only your e-mail address (and name if you give it) for the purposes of e-mailing you with information about Sonokids products, competitions and news. We will NEVER pass your details on to any third parties. You can at any time request to be deleted from our mailing list by contacting us via support@sonokids.org.
Our Website
If you or your child win any competitions, or contact us with reviews or testimonials for our site, we will ask your permission before publishing any details on our website, Twitter or Facebook pages. Even then, we would only ever include first names and ages.
On our website we only use Google Analytics to collect non-personal information. This data is in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. All such information is collected via Google Analytics online service and is for statistical purposes only. We do not share non-personal information with third-party companies or individuals.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here https://www.sonokids.org/sonokids-foundation-privacy-policy/. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send an email to: support@sonokids.org
Last Updated and Effective as of 25 May, 2018