http://www.einstein.edu/gastroenterology/conditions/endoscopy
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Gastroenterology / Conditions & Treatments / Advanced Therapeutic Endoscopy
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Direct Access Colonoscopy
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Advanced Therapeutic Endoscopy
Endoscopic procedures are nonsurgical procedures that use a small, flexible tube with a camera attached to diagnose conditions in the upper and lower digestive tract. During the procedure, a variety of treatments can also be performed using specialized endoscopic attachments. Our gastroenterology team at Einstein has expertise in a full range of these advanced therapeutic endoscopic procedures, including:
Endoscopic Ultrasound
A special endoscope that creates an ultrasound image of your upper gastrointestinal tract can aid in the detection of conditions that may be hard to see with the endoscopic camera.
Fine Needle Aspiration/Biopsy
During your endoscopy, your gastroenterologist may use a needle attachment to take biopsies of potentially cancerous tissue or cysts using ultrasound guidance.
This technique can also be used to obtain biopsies from cysts in the pancreas, the bile duct, liver, or any other structures adjacent to the upper or lower digestive tract.
Endoluminal Stenting
Using an endoscope, your gastroenterologist can place stents that help widen narrow areas of your digestive tract.
Stents can also be used to drain fluid collections adjacent to the GI tract using ultrasound guidance.
Radiofrequency Ablation Therapy
Using an endoscope with a special attachment that emits high-frequency heat energy, your gastroenterologist can remove scar tissue from your esophagus. This procedure is used to treat Barrett’s esophagus and esophageal strictures.
Transoral Incisionless Fundoplication
Used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease, a special device attached to the endoscope is used to repair or recreate the body’s natural barrier to reflux, keeping acid from coming out of the stomach and into the esophagus.
This procedure is non-surgical and completed entirely from the inside with no incisions.
Single Balloon Enteroscopy
This procedure allows your gastroenterologist to advance further into your small intestine than with a traditional endoscope.
This allows for the diagnosis and treatment of conditions in the small intestine that are not accessible by standard upper endoscopy.
Endoscopic Mucosal Resection
This endoscopic procedure allows your gastroenterologist to remove polyps, precancerous growths, or even early stage cancer from your upper and lower digestive tract.
These lesions previously required surgery to remove, but with advanced technology and techniques we are now able to remove the majority of these lesions completely from the inside without requiring surgery.
Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography (ERCP)
This type of endoscopy helps your gastroenterologist examine and diagnose problems with your pancreas and bile ducts using the endoscopic camera, as well as X-rays of the area. This procedure may also include treatment such as removing bile duct stones or placing stents to keep narrowed or blocked ducts open.
Request an Appointment
If you are experiencing chronic or recurring abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, incontinence, gastrointestinal bleeding or other symptoms of a gastrointestinal condition, make an appointment with one of our specialists today.
Request an Appointment
Advanced Therapeutic Endoscopy Specialists
Michael Evan Goldberg, DO
View All
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Direct Access Form
Colonoscopy Prep
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of digestive health and are actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.