https://www.epilepsyqueensland.com.au/about-us/epilepsy-queensland/legal-status/privacy-statement
About Epilepsy
Epilepsy
What is Epilepsy?
Facts about Epilepsy
New Epilepsy Diagnosis
SUDEP
Glossary of Terms Explained
Frequently asked questions – FAQs
Seizure Types
What is a Seizure?
What are the Different Types of Seizures?
Febrile Seizures
Seizure First Aid
Epilepsy Management Plan
Emergency Management Plan
Seizure First Aid Resources
Seizure Smart September awareness tokens
First Aid for Seizures in Water
First Aid for Seizures in Chair
Status Epilepticus
Epilepsy Treatment
Epilepsy Medications
Epilepsy Surgery
Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) Therapy
Epilepsy Dietary Therapy
Medicinal Cannabis
Epilepsy Syndromes
Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Doose Syndrome
Dravet Syndrome
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy (JME)
Photosensitive Epilepsy
Other Epilepsy Syndromes
Functional Neurological Disorder
Living Well
Seizure Triggers
Epilepsy Risk Management
Documentation of Seizures
Aids and Equipment
Transport and Driving Guidelines
What to Take to Your Neurologist Appointment
Epilepsy and employment
For Children
For Teenagers
Women and Epilepsy
Epilepsy and Older People
Our Services
Information
Support
Epilepsy Support Groups
Advocacy
Education and Training
Epilepsy Workshops
Online Training
Online Learning Modules
Epilepsy Helpline
Seminars
NDIS
About the NDIS
EQI and the NDIS
NDIS Pre-planning Support
NDIS Resources
Assistive Technology (AT) Assessments
Children’s Program
Little Poss Club
Educational Resources
Epilepsy Smart Schools
Books
And Down Went Poss by Anne Little
Poss’s School Days by Anne Little
Lucy’s First Disco by Robin Adolphs
Out of the Shadows by Neil Cadigan and Wally Lewis
Research
The Australian Pregnancy Register
Get Involved
What’s On
Donate or Fundraise
Support our Christmas Appeal
Other Ways to Give and Make a Difference
Bequests
Corporate Partnerships
Workplace Giving
Play for Purpose Lottery
Become a Member
Membership Form
Purple Day
Purple Day Celebration and Illuminations
Our Retail Range
Pharmacies and Businesses
Schools
Purple Recipes
Volunteer
Online Shop
About Us
About Epilepsy Queensland
Mission, Goals and Values
Customer Service Charter
Our Strategic Priorities
Our Constitution
Our History
Quality Management System and Certification
Annual Reports
Government Funding
Our People
Our Patron – Wally Lewis
Our Board
Our Team
Careers at Epilepsy Queensland
Legal Status
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Feedback
News
Coronavirus and Epilepsy
Community Awareness
Latest news and information
Media Releases
Publications
Share Your Story
Personal Stories
Jeska’s Epilepsy Story
Jaz’s Epilepsy Story
Rhyannan’s Epilepsy Story
Roger’s Epilepsy Story
Subscribe
Contact Us
About UsAbout Epilepsy QueenslandLegal StatusPrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Epilepsy Queensland has developed a Privacy Policy to protect your privacy. We follow the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act.
EPILEPSY QUEENSLAND INC.
Privacy Statement
Personal information collected by Epilepsy Queensland is protected by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the ‘Privacy Act’). Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you and includes sensitive health information.
Epilepsy Queensland follows the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act in handling personal information from clients/beneficiaries, business partners, donors, members of the public and Epilepsy Queensland people (including members, volunteers, employees, delegates, candidates for volunteer work and prospective employees).
Epilepsy Queensland has developed a Privacy Policy to protect your privacy. The Policy is available in hard copy on request or may be downloaded using the link below and contains detailed information about Epilepsy Queensland’s responsibilities, your rights and the information that may be collected by Epilepsy Queensland and how it would be used.
The primary purpose for collecting personal information from you is to provide services to people with epilepsy, including planning, funding, monitoring and evaluating our services and associated marketing and fundraising activities.
The kind of personal information we collect will depend on your relationship with Epilepsy Queensland (e.g. as a client, donor, business partner, employee, volunteer or member or online user of the Epilepsy Queensland website).
We usually collect personal information directly from you.  However, we sometimes collect personal information from a third party such as your carer, authorised representative or from a publicly available source, but only if:
You have consented to such collection or would reasonably expect us to collect your personal information in this way, or
if it is necessary for a specific purpose.
We only collect personal information for purposes that are reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities.
Your personal information may be used to:
provide you with a service
provide you with educational information on epilepsy care and awareness
report to government or other funding bodies how the funding is used
process your donation or purchase and provide receipts
communicate with you about how your donation is used or about Epilepsy Queensland services, causes, events,  services, which we believe may be of interest to you
respond to your feedback or complaints
answer your queries.
It may also be used for:
any other purpose for which it was requested and which was advised to you
directly related purposes.
Please be assured that wherever possible Epilepsy Queensland uses information in a de-identified form. Personal information will not be disclosed to third parties without your permission, except where permitted or required under the Privacy Act.
We take steps to protect all personal, sensitive and health information and government related identifiers held by Epilepsy Queensland against misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
You can access the personal information that we hold about you and you can ask us to correct the personal information we hold about you.
If you are listed on one or more of our email or contact lists you can opt-out at any time. You can unsubscribe by using the ‘unsubscribe’ options noted in our emails.
Epilepsy Queensland Inc. uses remarketing tracking cookies and conversion pixels from vendors such as Google and Facebook to present special offers and information to you on our fundraising and awareness campaigns as well as our products or services over the Google Content Network and via social networks. This means you may see an ad for one of our campaigns, products or services as a result of visiting our website. In addition, Epilepsy Queensland Inc. uses custom audiences based on e-mails and phone numbers of subscribers, service users and customers. This allows us to present special offers and information on our campaigns, products and services to you via Facebook and Google. However, your personally identifiable information is not used by any remarketing service other than to present you information and special offers from us. We use the following third-party service providers for remarketing:
Facebook: Should you wish to opt-out of Facebook remarketing visit https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Google: Should you wish to opt-out of Google remarketing visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
How to contact us
For further information contact us on (07) 3435 5000 or 1300 852 853, or email privacy@epilepsyqueensland.com.au
or alternatively you can write to us at Epilepsy Queensland Inc,  P.O. Box 1457 Coorparoo DC, Qld. 4151.
Please CLICK HERE to view Epilepsy Queensland’s full Privacy Policy.