https://www.cosmedicacanada.com/privacy-policy/
Cosmedica Professional Skin Care Centres
520 Locust Street, 2nd Floor
Burlington, ON L7S 1V2
Phone: (905) 631-6288
Monday-Thursday: 9 a.m.–4 p.m.Friday: 9 a.m.–1 p.m.
The Centre for Personal Surgery: Dr. Otto Weiglein
520 Locust Street
Burlington, ON L7S 1V2
Phone: (905) 634-5573
Monday-Thursday: 9 a.m.–4 p.m.Friday: 9 a.m.–2 p.m.
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cosmedica / The Centre for Personal Surgery
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Dr. Otto Weiglein BSc MD FRCSC
520 Locust Street
Burlington Ontario Canada L7S 1V2
Phone: 905 634 5573
This policy outlines how we protect the privacy of your personal information and medical records. Everyone working for this office is required to adhere to the protection described in this policy. If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our office manager.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
What personal information do we collect?
We collect the following personal information:
Identification and Contact information (name, address, date of birth, emergency contact, etc)
Billing information (provincial plan and credit card numbers)
Health information (symptoms, diagnosis, medical history, test results, reports and treatment, record of allergies, prescriptions, etc)
Limits on collection
We collect only the information that is required to provide care, administer the care that is provided and communicate with you. We do not collect any other information or allow information to be used for other purposes without the express (i.e. verbal or written) consent – except where authorized to do so by law.
When and to whom do we disclose personal information?
Implied consent for provision of care: By virtue of seeking care from us, your consent is implied (i.e. assumed) for your information to be used by this office to provide you with care and to share with other providers involved in your care. Disclosure to other health care providers: Relevant health information is shared with other providers involved in your care, including (but not limited to) other physicians and specialists, pharmacists, and lab technicians.
Disclosures authorized by law:
There are limited situations where we are legally required to disclose your personal information without your consent. These situations include (but are not limited to) billing provincial health plans, reporting infectious disease, or by court order.
Disclosures to all other parties:
Your express consent is required before we will disclose your information to third parties for any purpose other than to provide you with care or unless we are authorized to do so by law. Examples of disclosures to other parties requiring your express consent include (but are not limited to) third party medical examinations.
Can you withdraw consent?
You can withdraw your consent to have your information shared with other health care providers or other parties at any time, except where the disclosure is authorized by law. You may withdraw your permission to collect or share your information at anytime in writing to this office. Please be aware that withdrawal of consent by you may result in Cosmedica / The Centre for Personal Surgery ceasing to provide services. However, please discuss this with your physician first.
Patient Rights
How do you access the personal information held by this office?
You have the right to access your record in a timely manner. If you request a copy of your record, one will be provided to you at a reasonable cost. If you wish to view the original record, one of our staff must be present to maintain the integrity of the record and a reasonable fee may be charged for this access. Patient requests for access to the medical record can be made in writing directly to myself.
Limitations on access
In extremely limited circumstances you may be denied access to your records, but only if providing access would create a significant risk to you or to another person. This is in accordance with legal statute.
What if you feel your record is not accurate?
We make every effort to ensure that all of your information is recorded accurately. If any inaccuracy is identified, you can request that a note be made to reflect this on your file.
Office Safeguards
How secure is your information?
Safeguards are in place to protect the security of your information. These safeguards include a combination of physical, technological and administrative security measures that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. These safeguards are aimed at protecting personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosures, copying, use or modification.
What is our communications policy?
We protect information regardless of the format. Specific procedures are in place for communicating by phone, e-mail, fax, and post/courier.
How long do we keep information?
We retain patient records as required by law and professional regulations.
How do we dispose of information when it is no longer required?
When information is no longer required, it is destroyed in a secure manner, according to set procedures that govern the storage and destruction of personal information.
Complaints process
If you believe that this office has not replied to your access request or has not handled your personal information in a reasonable manner, please address your concerns first with Dr. Otto Weiglein.
Share
Tweet
Pin
Back to Top
Contact
Home
About
Dr. Otto Weiglein
CV
Our Location
Why Choose Us
Surgical Team
Nonsurgical Team
Real Patient Stories
Bonnie’s Story
Peggi’s Story
Kathy’s Story
Isabel’s Story
Resources
Initial Consultation
Surgical Centre
Fees & Financing
Plastic Surgery
Breast Procedures
Breast Augmentation
Breast Lift
Male Breast Reduction
Breast Surgery FAQ
Body Procedures
Tummy Tuck
Liposuction
Arm Lift
Body Contouring FAQ
Face Procedures
Facelift
Brow Lift
Eyelid Surgery
Ear Surgery
Facial Surgery FAQ
Nonsurgical
Beauty Booster Microneedling With PRP
BELKYRA® (Double Chin Treatment)
BOTOX® Cosmetic, Nuceiva™
Broadband Light (BBL)
Chemical & Laser Peels
CoolSculpting®
Dermal Fillers
Laser Skin Resurfacing
LATISSE®
Sclerotherapy
Skin Care
Skin Tightening
Vaginal Laser Therapy
Photo Gallery
Specials & News
Specials
In the Media
Blog
Contact
Blog
Categories
BOTOX® Cosmetic
Breast Augmentation
Breast Lift
Broadband Light (BBL)
Cellulite
Chemical & Laser Peels
CoolSculpting®
Dermal Fillers
Ear Surgery
Facelift
General Plastic Surgery
Laser Skin Resurfacing
News
Newsletters
Skin Care
Tummy Tuck
Vitamin Injections & Microneedling
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
September 2018
August 2018
May 2018
Icon icon-search not found.