http://www.playtherapy.org/privacy
Home
Links
Contact Us
Search
Home
What's On
Home
News
About PTI
Purpose and Mission
Our Constitution
Memorandum and Articles of Association
Standing Orders
Our History
Membership
Benefits
Regulation of Play Therapy
Affiliated Organisations
PTI and APT
Training & Careers
Certification
Training Routes
Competencies Required
Accredited Courses
Introductory Courses
Certificate Courses
Diploma Courses
Masters Courses
Supervision of Play Therapy
Trainers of Play Therapists
Conferences and Other Events
Resources
Research
Play for Life
Publications and Books
Publications and Books
Recommended Reading
Latest Book Reviews
Members Services
Helping Children
About Play Therapy
Finding a Play Therapist
Standards
Basis of Professional Standards
Development of Play Therapy Standards
International Standards
Profession Structure Model
About Competencies
Entry Level Requirements
Career Development Map
Competency Framework
Standard Play Therapist Profile
Register of Members
Ethical System
Clinical Governance
Proposed Taxonomy
CPD
CPD Standards
Privacy PolicyPlay Therapy International (PTI) 's Privacy Policy is in accordance with de facto web site standards. We will only collect information in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998. Our contact details are listed below. PTI's Privacy Statement follows: Information Gathering, Dissemination and UseThe following discloses our information gathering, dissemination and processing practices for this website www.playtherapy.org. The site also contains links to other external web sites. PTI is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Names, addresses and contact details of local groups, individuals and organisations are collected by means of: The on-site data collection forms or by the persons concerned writing in or sending an e-mail with the relevant information. Phoned-in information is also used on occasion. The site runs an opt-in mailing list to keep visitors informed of the latest site news. Joining the list and supplying contact information is done solely at the origination of the user or by invitation, never without permission. The site also runs an information service for Members of PTI and its affiliated organisations. You have a choice of whether or not to receive information from us. If you don't want to be contacted in the future, please tick the opt-out boxes provided and don't give us your email address on any forms.Names, addresses and contact details are NEVER sold, distributed or passed on to third parties for financial profit by PTI or its affiliates for any reason whatsoever. Please note, however, there is nothing to stop a third party from copying publicly displayed information off the site for their own use.The information that we gather is only used for: Servicing your membership and any other requests that you may make Conducting marketing research Clinical governance & SEPACTO database purposes where PTI aggregates and renders individual name and address details anonymousPublic ForumsThis site does not operate discussion forums, chat rooms or message boards at present. SecurityThis site has the usual Service Provider security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information on the site.  Children's GuidelinesTo the best of our knowledge we will NOT collect or post online or offline contact information from children. Information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes. AccuracyPTI tries to keep your personal data up to date and accurate. Please take great care when entering your email address since this a major source of error. We will amend or delete inaccurate data as soon as reasonably practical after a request from you to do so. Please keep us up to date with any changes of email or postal address.Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998, you may request details of personal information that PTI holds about you. A small fee will be payable. This fee, presently, does not exceed £10. TrackingWe also collect information automatically about your visit to our web site. This data helps us to audit usage of our web site and improve the service provided. for you. It is not released outside of PTI for any other purpose. Contact DetailsWrite to the following postal address about matters concerning privacy: The PTI Web MasterPTIThe Coach HouseBelmont RoadUckfieldEast SussexTN22 1BPEnglandemail: contact@ptiworldwide.orgfax: +44 (0) 1825 769913
News Flash
Making plans for next years Summer Holidays?
Keen to develop a career in Play Therapy?
Explore the great opportunity of the intensive 15 day's Summer School at La Mouline,
Don't feel nervous about Brexit, rest assured, we are Brexit-ready and Summer School in La Mouline will be running as usual, whatever form Brexit takes.
What's OnWhat's OnClick here for the full What's On list