http://www.clt-lana.org/privacy-policy.html
Home
Mission Statement
About LANA
Policy & Procedures
Contact Us
FAQs
Find a Therapist
Member Login
To access the Members Only Section, please login below.
User ID:
Password:
First Time User? Forgot your username or password?
Enter your email address below to have your login credentials emailed to you.
Email Address:
If you do not have a valid email address on file, please send an email to admin&commatclt-lana.org requesting login credentials
LANA
Browse LANA
Find a Therapist
Print Local Directory
Event Calendar
Board Members
Sponsors
Members Only Login
Policy & Procedures
LANA Brochure
Exam Information
Candidate Information Booklet (PDF | Word)
Exam Application (PDF | Word)
Pay Examination Fee
SMT Testing Locations
Exam Outline (PDF | Word)
Reading List
Recertification Information
Recertification Policy & Application
Pay Recertification Fee
CME Articles & Quizzes
LANA Member Opportunities
Board of Directors Application (Word)
Board of Directors Renomination (Word)
Examination Committee Application (Word)
ISO/IEC 17024
#1199
2020 Premier Sponsors
Upcoming Events
There are currently no upcoming events
Privacy Policy
LANA® has created and abides by a strict privacy/confidentiality
policy demonstrating its firm commitment to CLT-LANA® candidate and
certificant privacy. The policy applies to all aspects of the CLT-LANA®
credential including the secure handling and storage of application materials,
examinations, scores and candidate and certificant records. LANA® and its agents shall keep confidential all candidates’ and
certified persons’ information (including name, address, telephone numbers,
examination scores, and other confidential records) unless authorized for
release by the candidate or certified person.
It is the
policy of LANA® that non-disclosed, protected information may NOT be
released to or shared with:
Any member of the
public unless there is applicable statutory exception or written release
from the CLT-LANA® candidate or certificant.
Any LANA® member unless the
recipient has a legitimate interest for the use of that protected
information to perform a service (i.e. committee work).
Furthermore, LANA® staff with access to protected information is expected to
protect any information from unauthorized disclosure. This includes, as
appropriate:
Computer Systems and
Applications Security: Central processing units, peripherals, portable
storage devices, operating system, applications software and data.
Physical Security:
The premises occupied by LANA® or its contractors using computer
equipment storing or having access to protected Information.
Operational Security:
Environmental control, power equipment, operational activities related to
operations.
Procedural Security:
Established and documented security processes for information technology
staff, vendors, management, and individual users of protected Information.
Network Security:
Communications equipment, transmission paths, switches, terminals and
adjacent areas.
Home
Mission Statement
About LANA
Policy & Procedures
Contact Us
FAQs
Find a Therapist
Disclaimers
Unsubscribe
© Copyright 2020 Lymphology Association of North America. All rights reserved.
L.A.N.A.
Located at:
P.O. Box 466,
Wilmette,
Illinois 60091.
Phone: 773-756-8971.
http://www.clt-lana.org
Statement of Impartiality |
Statement of Non-discrimination |
Records Management Policy |
Trademark Policy |
Privacy Policy
×
Print Therapist List
Print Directory