http://www.naomihouse.org.uk/cookie-and-privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This is the privacy notice for Wessex Children’s hospice Trust (Naomi House & Jacksplace). If you have any questions or comments, feel free to email us at hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust is committed to protecting your privacy. We ensure that all your personal information is held securely and safely.
The privacy notice explains how we collect, use and store information, and what that might mean for you. Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust holds and processes personal details in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations and is registered with the Information Commissioner (registration no. Z5063145) as a data controller. We process personal data for the following purposes only:
Maintaining accounts and records
Provision of Health and other services
Administrative purposes
Fundraising
Your rights
Improving our service to you
What information we collect:
We obtain data from our website and other collection methods for a number of reasons set out above, including providing you with the most useful and relevant information about Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust. We do this through collecting and analyzing both anonymous, or aggregate data, and personal data volunteered by you online or through other collection methods.
In some areas of our website, for example forms, orders and emails we collect personal details such as your name, address, telephone number and email address. We use this information only for the reason you have supplied it or any other reason for which you have given us permission to do so.
Where relevant, information is provided to explain why the data is being collected and how it will be used. In some cases we may ask you to 'opt-in' to receive future communications including email, or text marketing.
In addition to information given explicitly by you, we also collect information about your visit to our website (for example, the date and time of your visit and the pages that you view). We also collect information on how you engage with content contained within emails from Naomi House & Jacksplace, and similarly, how you interact with social media posts and content. This information may be connected to you personally and held against your record. This kind of data helps us understand your interest in Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust and better meet your needs.
Cookies:
In some circumstances, we collect data from our website using cookies.  A cookie is an alphanumeric text file that is sent from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. Cookies allow a website to remember who you are, so that when you visit them again, they recognise you as a visitor and can help you with personalised information in filling out forms, for instance, or signing in. Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. To do this, look at the help menu on your browser.
From time to time, we may use cookies to limit the number of times you are exposed to pop up windows or other advertising. We also sometimes use cookies to track popular points of entry to our site and routes around areas of our site (that is, click paths) during specific appeals or campaigns. This data may be connected to you personally in order to provide you with a better service. Cookies may also be used to provide you with targeted adverts that relate to actions you take on our website and content you view or engage with.
If our usage of cookies changes in the future, this will be explained in our privacy statement.
We communicate electronically in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulations. All our emails will offer you the chance to decline future emails. You can also amend your email and electronic communications preferences by contacting us on hello@naomihouse.org.uk or on 01962 760060.
Our Fundraising Promise:
Naomi House & Jacksplace are members of the Fundraising Regulator and strive to comply with the spirit and standards set out for charities involved in fundraising. The Fundraising Regulator works to ensure that organisations raising money from the public to do so honestly and properly aware of best practice in the use and exchange of personal data and representing the best interests of their beneficiaries. As members of the scheme, we follow the Code of Fundraising Practice and comply with the key principles embodied in the code.
We are committed to high standard
We do all we can to ensure that fundraisers, volunteers and fundraising contractors working with us to raise funds comply with the Code of Fundraising Practice and with this Promise.
We comply with the law including those that apply to data protection, health and safety and the environment.
We are honest and open
We tell the truth and do not exaggerate
We do what we say we are going to do
We answer all reasonable questions about our fundraising activities and costs.
We are clear
We are clear about who we are, what we do and how your gift is used
Where we have a promotional agreement with a commercial company, we make clear how much of the purchase price we receive.
We give clear explanation of how you can make a gift and amend a regular commitment.
We are respectful
We respect the rights, dignities, and privacy of our supporters and beneficiaries
We will not put undue pressure on you to make a gift if you do not want to give or wish to cease giving, we will respect your decision.
If you tell us that you don’t want us to contact you in any particular way we will not do so.
We are fair and reasonable
We take care not to use any images or words that cause unjustifiable distress or offence.
We take care not to cause unreasonable nuisance or disruption.
We are accountable
If you are unhappy with anything we’ve done whilst fundraising, you can contact us to make a complaint.
We have a fundraising complaints procedure, a copy of which is available on request. If we cannot resolve your complaint, we accept the authority of the Fundraising Regulator to make a final adjudication.
Respecting your privacy:
We do not sell, rent or pass on any information about you to other organisations. However, we may share your data with our subsidiary company. Your data may be uploaded to our bulk email campaign software and social media platforms to allow us to provide you with more appropriate marketing content. If you do not wish us to use this information in this way, please email us at: hello@naomihouse.org.uk. We may also need to pass on information when required by law or by regulatory body (for example, for a Gift Aid audit by HMRC or if asked by a law enforcement agency).
We may provide third parties with information about visitors and users to our site, but this information, as explained above, is both aggregate and anonymous.
We carry out targeted fundraising activity to ensure that we are contacting you with the most communications that are relevant and provide you with an improved experience of Wessex Children’s Hospice trust. Occasionally we may use profiling techniques or use third party screening and insight companies to provide us with general information about you. Such information is compiled using publicly available data about you or information that you have already provided to us. We may use these services to ensure we maintain an accurate database, with particular care given to ensuring we do not attempt to contact those on our database who have passed away.
This activity also assists us in understanding the people who support us and helps us to make appropriate requests to supporters. To opt out of your data being used for profiling and wealth screening techniques simply email hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Occasionally, we employ agents to carry out tasks on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders or processing donations. These agents are bound by our data handling policy to protect your privacy just as we would ourselves.
Under the General Data Protection regulations, there are a number of defined reasons that allow us to legitimately process your personal information. One of these reasons is called 'legitimate interests'.
Legitimate Interests
Under legitimate interests we can process personal information if we have a genuine and legitimate reason to do so and we are not infringing on your rights or best interests
This allows us to use your information for our legitimate business interests to support the region’s life-limited and life-threatened children, young people and their families.
This will only be done with appropriate consideration being given to your rights and any impact this activity may have on you personally.
We make a long-term promise to those in our care, and want our supporters to be able to join us on that journey, if that is their wish. We believe that our supporters and those who have previously shown an interest in our charity would be keen to learn more about the impact they have had on the lives of children, young people and families, and also better understand how they might support these same families in the future.
Processing data under legitimate interests may, following a balancing exercise, enable us to send you marketing and other communications that are relevant and timely. It may enable us to undertake customer research and improve our future communications. It may enable us to thank our supporters and inform them of the impact of their donation. And it may assist us in processing orders, keeping in touch about events you have signed up for, giving you future opportunity to update your communications preferences or ensuring we can conduct investigations if required.
Balancing Exercises:
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under any relevant law. We will never use your personal data for any activity that results in your interests being considered secondary to our own (other than in instances where we are required to do so by law).
Job and volunteer applicants
Understandably, if you apply to work at Wessex Children's Hospice Trust we will require data such as a job application, CV, financial details, current and previous addresses and details of convictions. We will process this information in order to assess your application and complete any checks that are required before an offer is made. We may also use this information to monitor recruitment and employment statistics. In instances where your personal data needs to be shared with a third party, such as the Disclosure and Barring Service, we will make you aware of this beforehand.
The organisation collects a range of information about you including:
Personal details such as your name and address and contact details
Work and career history
Current remuneration and benefits (if you are applying for employment with us)
Whether or not you have a disability
Entitlement to work in the UK
Diversity information
Names of referees (although these will not be taken up without obtaining your consent after a formal offer)
In addition, the organisation may view publically available information about you.
If you are unsuccessful in your application we will store your data for a period of 12 months.
Updating your preferences:
You can change the way you hear from us or withdraw your permission for us to process your personal data at any time by contacting us at hello@naomihouse.org.uk. If you would like to speak to somebody about your personal data and would prefer to do so by phone, please contact 01962 760060. You can automatically update your communications preferences here: https://www.naomihouse.org.uk/communication
The right to be forgotten:
It is your right to request details of the information we hold about you, to ask that we no longer process your data and to amend your communications preferences. For a copy of your personal information held by us, write to:
Paul Morgan
Data Controller
Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust
Naomi House
Stockbridge Road
Sutton Scotney
Winchester
Hampshire
SO21 3JE
Or email: hello@naomihouse.org.uk
We will respond within 30 days of receipt of your letter or email.  Please also send proof of identity, such as copy of your passport, UK or Irish driver's license or proof of your identity.
For more information about data protection and your rights, see the Information Commissioner's website at www.ico.org.uk.
Righting wrongs:
We want to make sure the information we hold about you is correct. If you spot any errors, if your contact details or preferences change, or you wish to receive information about Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust or its subsidiary company, let us know. You can contact us by email at hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Safe and secure:
We maintain a high level of physical and electronic security in relation to the collection, storage and disclosure of you information. We take reasonable steps to ensure that any information we hold about you is protected. When processing financial transactions, we use www.sagepay.co.uk and www.paypal.com, which both encrypt information given over the internet. The software scrambles data transmitted between your computer and our server, where it is unscrambled securely. We are not sent any account information by these providers, and store no data that could allow anyone to make a payment or access individual bank accounts.
As we all know, the internet carries risks. While we make every reasonable effort to ensure the information sent to us is done securely, we cannot warrant the security of information transmitted to us through the internet. When you transmit information to us via the internet, you do so at your own risk.
In the unlikely event that your data is leaked, we will be completely transparent in letting you know how, when and why this happened, and the steps we intend to take to put things right.
Changes to the way we store and process your data:
From time to time, we will make changes to our privacy notice and policy to keep them up to date and relevant. Please make sure your check regularly to see what has changed. We will post notices when our privacy statement changes significantly.
Wessex Children's Hospice Trust is a company limited by guarantee (Number 02601495) and a registered charity (Number 1002832). Our registered office is at Naomi House, Stockbridge Road, Sutton Scotney, Winchester, Hampshire, SO21 3JE.