https://www.rcpath.org/about-the-college/governance/college-policies/privacy-policy.html
Homepage
About the College
Governance
College policies
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Royal College of Pathologists is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data of College members, website users, prospective College members (e.g. Trainees, Undergraduates,) Suppliers, attendees to College Events, Conferences and Symposia and other people who may contact us in order to find out more about the College or Pathology.
The College’s website (www.rcpath.org) is owned and operated by the Royal College of Pathologists.
What kind of personal data do we collect?
Member data: In order to provide the range of membership services for you, we need to process certain information about you. We only ask for details that are necessary for providing you with information about how the College is fulfilling its objectives or to help us to help you with professional development or in pathology matters. This includes details such as your name, contact details, qualifications, workplace, professional specialism(s), CPD records, attendance at events, and other information. Where appropriate and in accordance with regulatory or legal requirements, we may also collect information related to your gender, diversity information or details of any professional misconduct. We also collect your banking details in order to process subscription fees or for payments for other services which you contract from the College.
Prospective member data: If you are in training and/or working towards a College qualification, we need to collect and use information about you, or individuals at your organisation, in the course of providing you services such as: (i) providing examinations;     (ii) monitoring your progress through training; (iii) providing you with support in your training programme (or assisting another organisation to do so); (iv) providing you with trainee/work placement services (or assisting another organisation to do so); and/or (v) notifying you of content provided by the College which is likely to be relevant and useful for your career in pathology to you (for example our Bulletin). We also collect your banking details in order to process any fees payable or for payments for other services which you contract from the College.
If you are enquiring about how to become a member of the College or looking for information about a career in pathology we need to collect and use information so that we can supply such information directly to you by post, email or telephone. We also collect your banking details in order to process any fees payable or for payments for services which you contract from the College that you request for this purpose.
Supplier data: We need a small amount of information from our Suppliers to ensure that things run smoothly. We need contact details of relevant individuals at your organisation so that we can communicate with you. We also need other information such as your bank details so that we can pay for the services you provide (if this is part of the contractual arrangements between us).
How do we collect your personal data?
There are two main ways in which we collect your personal data:
either a) directly from you
or b) from third parties.
Personal data that you give to us may be through one of a number of ways. These may include:
directly via our website (www.rcpath.org) by entering your details through the MYRCPATH member area
emailing your CV to a College employee with regard to a voluntary appointment
providing information via on-line forms, surveys or via MYRCPATH related to College activities such as consultations or pathology workforce matters
collecting your data through a contractual or commercial relationship with you e.g. for membership subscriptions or attending a fee paying event
via a form which could be online as part of our website or a form provided to us as a hard copy or electronically. Examples of these include:
an application form, as part of the membership registration process
a form to apply for a voluntary role at the College
a form or other request for information about the College, an event, a professional or pathology matter
a form to participate in a training programme
a form to sit an examination
a form to register for events and any hard copy registration at events
contacting us with enquiries or comments by telephone, email or hard copy correspondence.
Personal data may be given to us through another organisation with which you have registered and we may be required to process that data in order to fulfill services that you expect of us. This could include one of the following:
via a regulatory body such as the General Medical Council
via another authorised body with whom joint education or professional development takes place
via professional bodies with whom there is a sharing of registration for events or activities.
Website users
We collect your data automatically via cookies when you visit our website, in line with cookie settings in your browser. We will also collect data from you when you contact us via the website, for example by using the MyRCPath function. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
How do we use your personal data?
We will process any of your personal data, in accordance with our obligations under applicable data protection laws and regulations, for the following reasons: to provide you with the services you have requested; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; for administrative purposes; to assess enquiries; and to provide you with information about us and our services. If, at any time, you do not wish to receive further information about us and our services, contact us at (dpo@rcpath.org).
Who do we share your personal data with?
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the College, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of safeguarding or other statutory regulations we have to comply with as well as those organisations with whom you and we have reciprocal agreements for providing services for education or professional development.
How do we safeguard your personal data?
We care about protecting your information. That's why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to prevent unauthorised access to, and misuse of, your personal data. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, our servers in the UK. It may also be processed by persons operating in the EEA who work for us or an organisation we have instructed. If we do send your personal data outside the EEA we will take steps to ensure that the recipient implements appropriate measures to protect your information. If we send your data to organisations outside of the EEA area and Switzerland, we will take steps to ensure that there are binding commercial agreements to uphold the security and integrity of your data.
How do we uphold your rights to use personal data?
In order to best tailor our communication to suit you and ensure that you are able to ‘opt-in’ to receive the information that you want, we have a Preferences centre within the members only (myrcpath) area of the website. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at dpo@rcpath.org.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A 'cookie' is a bite-sized piece of data that is stored on your computer's hard drive. They are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system. We use them to track your activity to help ensure you get the smoothest possible experience when visiting our website. The College website uses cookies to record visits to the website. This helps us to improve the website and provide you with a good experience when you browse the Website.
Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
Changes to the RCP privacy policy
This privacy policy was last updated on 21 May 2018. The College reserves the right to vary this privacy policy from time to time. Such variations become effective on posting on this website. Your subsequent use of this website or submission of personal information to the College will be deemed to signify your acceptance to the variations.
Questions about privacy?
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer, at dpo@rcpath.org.
Email the Data Protection Officer
Our Cookies Policy
Read more about how cookies are used to help run our website.
Update your email preferences
Let us know how you'd prefer to be contacted by updating your information in our members' area.