http://www.laservision.com/privacy_policy/
Skip Navigation
Many features of this site require JavaScript. Learn how to enable javascript.
+Section Navigation
Privacy Policy
Sightpath Medical takes the issue of privacy seriously. When you provide information to us, we hold your personal information in the highest regard. Generally, Sightpath only tracks where users are going on our website so we can better serve the information most sought after. When we do this, no personal information is gained about an individual user. Rather, all user information is compiled and analyzed as group data. This group data is for internal use and for sharing with affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees and successors.
Certain sections of Sightpath’s website require personal identifying information so we can fulfill your request. All information given to Sightpath is used only for its stated intended purpose and for general tracking. Unless otherwise stated, we will not use this information to distribute Sightpath information to you in any way. We also will not sell your information to third parties.
Law Enforcement Disclosure
Sightpath Medical reserves the right to cooperate with local, provincial and national officials in any investigation requiring either personal information, including any personal information provided online through Sightpath’s website, or other reports about lawful or unlawful user activities on this site.
Contacting Sightpath Medical
Sightpath’s goal is to provide you with information about our services in every medium possible. If you have any questions about Sightpath Medical and your privacy, please feel free to contact our webmaster.
Sightpath Medical reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time without prior notice.
The term “Sightpath” used in this Privacy Policy, except where stated otherwise, shall be deemed to include Sightpath Medical and its respective affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns
News & Events
|  View more news & events
News
Femtosecond Laser Results in Better Wound Sealability Than Manual Clear Corneal Incisions
Fri, Feb 16 2018 9:20 am
A research team composed of scientists from the Philippines, United Kingdom, and the United States found that – compared to manual clear corneal incisions (CCI) – femtosecond laser-constructed incisions achieve better wound sealability, a quality that may reduce the risk of surgical complications.
Read More
Events
ASCRS Annual Meeting, Boston, MA
May 15-19, 2020
Sightpath Medical will be at the ASCRS Annual Meeting in Boston, MA, May 15 – 19, 2020. Here at Sightpath, we believe eye care providers deserve access to affordable, state-of-the-art technologies and highly qualified certified technologists regardless of location.
Read More
Sightpath Blog
Engineer Spotlight – Ross Solberg
Thu, Mar 5 2020 4:54 pm
Ross is one of the many wonderful MoFe engineers at Sightpath Medical. What does he have to say about it?
Read More