http://www.bondstreetvets.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Home
About us
Meet the team
Veterinary surgeons
Veterinary nurses
Support team
Careers
Have your say
Practice standards
Register with us
Our services
Acupuncture
Deaf BSL service
Emergency service
Healthy Pet Club
Nurse clinics
Pet insurance
Free WalkawayCover
LifetimeFlex and 365Flex
Pet passports
Repeat prescriptions
Teleconsultations
Pet advice
Cats and kittens
Dental care for cats
Flea control for cats
Microchipping your cat
Neutering your cat
Vaccinating your cat
Worm control in cats
Dogs and puppies
Alabama Rot
Dental care for dogs
Dog nutrition advice
Flea control in dogs
Kennel Cough
Microchipping your dog
Neutering your dog
Seasonal Canine Illness
Vaccinating your dog
Weight watching for dogs
Worm control in dogs
Rabbits
Dental care for rabbits
Flystrike
Microchipping your rabbit
Neutering your rabbit
Nutrition and diet
Vaccinating your rabbit
General pet advice
End of life
Essential first aid for your pet
Fireworks and pets
Keeping pets cool
Self-medicating your pet
Stress in your cat and dog
Summer dangers
Travel tips
Travelling with your pet
News
Contact us
Cookie policyOur website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This enables us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. By law, we are permitted to store cookies on your machine providing that they are essential to the operation of the site (“Strictly necessary cookies” as set out below), but for all other we need your permission to do so.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of eBilling services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
CookieNamePurposeMore information
Google Analytics_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.An overview of data policy at Google
PHPSESSIDSession CookieIdentifies your unique browsing session but holds no identifiable data. We use this to match your browsing session to our server. A new session key is generated each time you visit. This is necessary for many site functions like logging in and checking out. It is destroyed when you either log out or close your browser
cPrompt_useCookiesCookie notifyThis cookie is used to store your acceptance of the cookie notifcation at the bottom of the page. It will expire in six months.
Hotjar_hstc
_fbp
_ga
_gcl_auajs_anonymous_id
ajs_group_id
ajs_user_id
hubspotutk_mp_hj_mixpanelThese cookies are used to collect feedback and information about how visitors use our site which we use to help us improve the site.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like webtraffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after six months.
CVS Group plc
Get in touch
Get in touch
01625 425637
Email us
Like us on Facebook
Opening Hours
Opening hours
Monday:
Tuesday:
Wednesday:
Thursday:
Friday:
Saturday:
Sunday:
Bond Street Vets
1 Ryles Park Road, Macclesfield, Cheshire SK11 8AH
FIND US
We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we'll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our cookie policy for more information on cookies and how to manage them. ClosePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
x
COVID-19 Update
We are working safely and will continue to provide care for your pets during the COVID-19 pandemic including local and national lockdowns.
To help us with our new ways of working and to keep us all safe, please do not attend the practice unless you have called us first and have a pre-booked appointment. Thank you.
Order repeat prescriptions