https://www.orientalmedcare.com/terms/
Complete Oriental Medical CareTransform Your Health and Life with Acupuncture and Herbal MedicineFacebookInstagramLinkedInPinterestTwitterYouTube
7400 Metro Blvd. # 280
Edina, MN 55439
952-831-8080
Home
Services
Conditions Treated
About Us
Client Reviews
Testimonials
Video Testimonials
Acupuncture Blog
Contact
Supplements
Terms of Use
Quick Index
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Confidentiality and Transmissions over the Internet
User Conduct and Obligations
Indemnification by User
Third Party Websites, Content and Products and Services
Proprietary Rights
General
Contact Information
Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of Complete Oriental Medical Care, LLC (COMC). This website is best viewed using a contemporary browser.
You agree that by visiting any pages in our website you are in fact “using” it. You agree you will not use “bots” or other types of automated devices to copy, remove or alter any data contained in this website.
Use of this website, logos, trademarks, photos contained herein and information distributed in conjunction with this website are offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. Your use of this website or of any content presented in any and all areas of the website indicates your acknowledgment and agreement to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use our website. We suggest you print a copy of each of these documents for your records.
COMC reserves and shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on this website. The most recent version of these Terms of Use may always be found at this URL. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this website following changes to these Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes. These Terms of Use were last modified on March 24, 2005.
Top of Page
Disclaimer
This website is provided for informational purposes only. It is provided to you solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for purposes of resale, distribution, public display or performance, or any other uses by you in any form or manner whatsoever. Unless otherwise indicated on this website, you may display, dhwnload, archive, and print a single copy of any information on this website, or otherwise distributed from COMC, for such personal, non-commercial use, provided it is done pursuant to the User Conduct and Obligations set forth herein.
The performance of this website and all information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website are provided to you on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind whatsoever, including any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third parties. COMC shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, Internet access providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer as a result of using this website.
COMC reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of this website or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to you.
As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this website shall be entirely at your own risk. In no event shall COMC be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this website, even if COMC or such provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Top of Page
Privacy Policy
You have read and agree to all of the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, which is available by clicking on Privacy Policy.
Top of Page
Confidentiality and Transmissions over the Internet
The transmission of data or information (including communications by e-mail) over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks is not secure, and is subject to possible loss, interception or alteration while in transit. Accordingly, we do not assume any liability for any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks, such as transmissions involving the exchange of e-mail with us (including those which may contain your personal information). While we shall take commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide us and treat such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, in no event will the information you provide to us be deemed to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by third parties without our consent.
Top of Page
User Conduct and Obligations
You agree to follow all applicable laws and regulations when using this website. Furthermore, you agree that you shall not:
upload, post or otherwise transmit through or to this website any content that:
is unlawful, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, lewd, offensive, defamatory or otherwise objectionable;
might infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity, or other proprietary rights of others;
contains any viruses, trojan horses, time bombs, or any other harmful programs or elements;
disrupt, place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on, interfere with or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of our website, its computer systems, servers or networks;
provide false information about yourself to us, impersonate any other person, or otherwise attempt to mislead others about your identity or the origin of any content, message or other communication;
transmit junk mail, chain letters, or other unsolicited bulk e-mail or duplicative messages;
collect information about other visitors to our website without their consent or otherwise systematically extract data or data fields, including without limitation any financial data or e-mail addresses;
sell access to or the use of this website, including any content contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website, except as specifically permitted in writing by COMC;
redistribute any content, including financial data, provided by us in any manner whatsoever including by means of printed publication, fax broadcast, web pages, e-mail, web newsgroups or forums, or any other electronic or paper-based service or method;
By uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting through or to our website any content, you grant to us, our successors and assigns, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use or distribute such content in any manner otherwise than as stated in our Privacy Policy.
Top of Page
Indemnification by User
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliates, business partners, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from any loss, liability, claim, demand, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees) asserted by any third party relating in any way to your use of this website or breach of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations.
Top of Page
Third Party Websites, Content and Products and Services
Links or pointers to other websites and references to products and services offered by third parties are provided to you for convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement or approval by us of (i) the organizations that operate such websites; (ii) the content, privacy policies or other terms of use on such websites; or (iii) such third party products and services. As we have no control or responsibility over websites or content maintained by other organizations, or for products and services offered by third parties, we do not assume any liability for your use of any of the foregoing, which use you acknowledge and agree shall be at your own risk.
Top of Page
Proprietary Rights
The COMC logo and all other graphics contained in this website, except those displayed on products which are for sale, and which do not carry the COMC logo, are all trademarks or trade names and exclusive property of COMC, and any unauthorized copy or use of these marks at any time is unlawful. All content on this website, including without limitation all programs, interface layout, interface text, documentation and graphics, is the copyrighted property of COMC and is protected by United States and international copyright law. The content on this website may be used by you only for your personal, non-commercial use as provided for in these Terms of Use, but may not be taken out of context or presented in a misleading or discriminatory manner. Any rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by us.
Top of Page
Notice of Copyright Infringement
It is our policy to comply with all intellectual property laws and to act expeditiously upon receiving any notice of claimed infringement. If you believe that your work has been reproduced on this website in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a notice of copyright infringement containing all of the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner for the purposes of the complaint.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material on our website that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity.
The address, telephone number or e-mail address of the complaining party.
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice of copyright infringement is accurate, and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.
All notices of copyright infringement should be sent to:
Oriental Medical Care, LLC
Attention: Intellectual Property Manager
E-mail:
info@orientalmedcare.com
IMPORTANT: All correspondence must be in English.
Top of Page
General
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable in any respect by any court having competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall survive in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree that these Terms of Sale, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website have been drawn up in English.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota and the laws of the United States applicable therein, without regard to conflict of laws provisions thereto. The parties agree and consent to personal jurisdiction of the courts of, and venue in, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
You agree that in the event judgment is rendered against you that you will promptly and in full pay all attorney’s fees, court costs, and any other fees.
Top of Page
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our website or these Terms of Use, please feel free to contact us at info@orientalmedcare.com
Some client reviews
EXCELLENT
Based on 71 reviews.
Dan Olson August 4, 2020.
I can’t say enough good about Dr Steven.
I had terrible vertigo that I was battling for months.
I had tried everything.
Regular doctors, chiropractic, physical therapy.
Nothing worked.
It was so frustrating.
A friend referred me to Dr Steven and within a few sessions my symptoms started to improve!
I kept going and sure enough he was able to help me get rid of that terrible vertigo.
I have decided to keep visiting him as the overall wellness I feel is so much better.
I can’t recommend him enough.
Samtha Vega February 21, 2020.
rein amundson amundson November 5, 2019.
I came in because I had mono, doctors and nurses at urgent weren’t doing anything but right from the first treatment I felt amazing relief. I have a lot more energy then before and the other symptoms went away very quickly. I would recommend this place for anyone.
janice wade October 27, 2019.
I came to Complete Oriental Medical Care to get help with a pinched nerve in my shoulder.
I had severe pain in my shoulder and numbness in my hand.
I sought help from my clinic and the clinic doctor provided steroids and muscle relaxants.
These medications provided some relief but left me groggy and unable to work effectively.
The pain also made it difficult to get restful sleep.
I was a ball of pain and feeling like a zombie.
I decided to seek acupuncture to get relief without the hard medicine.
The acupuncture provided by Steven has been incredible.
With the first treatment I felt relief.
Within a few weeks my pain substantially subsided and I felt human again.
With
the addition of the Chinese herbs I also aches a restful and regular nightly slumber without the sluggish feeling.
Steven is absolutely an expert acupuncturist.
He designs a care plan specifically to the needs of each patient.
I couldn’t be happier with my results.
Betsy Weiner September 3, 2019.
Dr Sonmore and Naijin have been incredibly helpful in facilitating my healing journey. I have been struggling with ice pick headaches, nausea, and BFS (Benign Fasiculation Syndrome). Western medicine has not proven to be particularly helpful. Dr Sonmore was the first Dr to actually give me a diagnosis and create a plan for healing. Naijin is always friendly, supportive and flexible with getting me in to see Dr Sonmore. I highly recommend this practice!! Many thanks and deepest gratitude to both Dr Sonmore and Naijin!
Contact Us
Complete Oriental Medical Care
7400 Metro Blvd. #280
Edina, MN 55439
Tel: (952) 831-8080
Get Directions
Contact Us
FacebookGoogle+LinkedInPinterestTwitterYouTube
Write a Testimonial on Google Places
Subscribe Today
Get our FREE ebook "Why Chinese Medicine Has The Solution To Your Health Problems", plus our monthy newletter. Just fill in the form below...
Important: Please note that your use of this web site is conditioned on your acceptance of the Terms of Use which are available for your review by clicking on the links below.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Complete Oriental Medical CarePowered by Success Marketing, LLC
COVID-19 Response: Now offering telemedicine visits for all new and established patients.
Schedule Now