http://www.mda.org.au/policies/md-electronic-funds-transfer/
Skip to content
Data Collection and Privacy
Data Collection and PrivacyBoris M Struk2018-06-14T15:57:46+10:00
Data Collection and Privacy
Privacy Policy
This statement applies to the Muscular Dystrophy Association and its related websites, including: Harley Raffle, ChallengeMD, Donations, Entertainment Book and other fundraising activities as determined from time-to-time.
MDA is committed to complying with the Privacy Act 1988 and the National Privacy Principles established under the Privacy Act 1988 as amended by the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.
Collection of Information
It is necessary that we collect personal information about you (and your business) for the purposes of providing tax deductible receipts or tickets purchased in our regular Harley Raffles.
What we collect
The MDA collects your name, address, contact details and various other items of information if applicable to: Number of tickets purchased in the Harley Raffle, value of donation or sponsorship made in support of MDA programs and services.
What we use it for
Your personal information is only used for the purposes of providing the services offered through this website and for the purpose of informing you of future raffles and / or fundraising activities.
What we do not use it for
The MDA will not sell or divulge your personal information to other parties
Storage of Information
Your information is kept in a database that is protected by a login and password. Every effort is made to secure this database to prevent your personal information being obtained by third parties. Only MDA Staff have access to the database “on a need to know” basis. MDA employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information collected.
Delivery
Typically, Harley Raffle tickets and Donation Receipts are dispatched via Australia Post within 48 hours. As the MDA relies on volunteer administrative support, there may be some minor delays in disparch during peak periods.
Returns and Refunds
MDA does not envisage the return of a Donation and this has not been requested during the course of the past 30 years.
Raffle Tickets are purchased without the option of refund or return.
Search for:
Donate Harley Raffle
Follow us!
Recent Posts
COVID-19 and its impact on people with neuromuscular conditions’ Survey Report
Carers Victoria donates lifesaving equipment to Muscular Dystrophy Australia
Will you give the gift of hope this Christmas?
Help shape the accessibility of Victorian bus stops for people with disability!
Funeral Service for Ryan Adam Struk
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events at this time.
Tweets by MDAust
MDA NewsletterThe Messenger Newsletter provides current information on the Programs and Services delivered by MDA and relevant external organisations.
To subscribe, please enter your full name and details below:-
First Name
Last name
Email
Subscribing I accept the privacy rules of this site
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok