http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-aids/insurance-financial-assistance
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
30
www.HealthyHearing.com
insurance claim forms, a calculator and a stethoscope
When you’re ready to purchase hearing aids, you don’t want to waste time finding out if you qualify for monetary assistance. Based on the way most people are provided with financial support, we have put together a prioritized list below to help uncover your options.
Does health insurance cover hearing aids?
Hearing aids are generally not covered by medical insurance, though insurers sometimes offer optional hearing/vision/dental plans that may include coverage for hearing tests and hearing aid fittings.
Other options for paying for your hearing aids may include financing offered by your hearing care professional, credit from a third party like CareCredit, charitable organizations or help from family. Investigate all your options to find the best fit for your hearing needs and your budget.
Coverage varies by plan
Insurance coverage for hearing aids is
not common.
Most health insurers do not provide coverage for hearing aids. To determine if your health insurance covers hearing aids, check with your individual plan. Most plans have a toll-free number for member services listed on the insurance card. Even if you have it, insurance coverage for hearing aids varies in the way it is administered. Here are some real-life benefit types for hearing aids:
A health plan may pay a specified amount toward the purchase of aids, like $500 or $1,000. This amount may be allowed toward the entire hearing aid purchase (whether one aid or two aids are purchased), or the amount may be allowed per ear. The benefit may renew after a given number of years, usually 3 to 5 years.
A health plan may give you an allowance toward hearing aids if you purchase from a contracted provider. An allowance is a specified amount that is subtracted from the total purchase price. For example, if the cost of a pair of instruments is $4,000 and your health plan has a $1,500 allowance, your out-of-pocket cost would be $2,500. This benefit may also renew every few years.
A health plan may have negotiated discounts with contracted providers. This means that you must purchase from a provider in order to get a specified discount (for example, 20%) off the retail price.
Each health plan is different and hearing aid coverage within a plan may vary according to geographic location. For example, Kaiser Permanente offers a hearing aid benefit with a credit per ear option available every 36 months. This benefit is specifically available in the Colorado service area, but not in Oregon, Washington, Ohio, Georgia, Maryland, Virginia, or Washington DC areas. They state that there is potentially a benefit available in Hawaii and California, but users are encouraged to check on the type of coverage available.
Currently, about 23 states mandate health insurance companies provide full or partial hearing aid coverage for children. Five states (Arkansas, Connecticut, Illinois, New Hampshire, Rhode Island) also extend those mandates to adults.
Check with your insurance provider to find out if you qualify for a hearing aid benefit.
State-mandated health care coverage for hearing aids will vary from state to state and several states have legislation about hearing aid coverage pending. If your state does mandate coverage, you will need to do a little research to find out about the amount covered and how often a claim can be made, as well as any other qualifiers for the coverage. Your hearing care professional can often provide some guidance as you search.
Insurance coverage and discounts are always changing. When you’re considering the purchase of hearing aids, call your insurance provider and ask about your plan.
Ask these questions when you call your insurance company about hearing aids:
What is the health plan benefit for hearing aids?
Do I have to use specific providers, if so, may I have a list of providers in my area?
If the health plan has an allowance or benefit, do I have to pay the provider the full amount and then submit paperwork to get reimbursed? Can the provider bill the health plan directly?
Is the benefit limited to specific hearing aid models or technology? Ask your plan representative to specifically define terms such as “routine” hearing aids.
Are there any criteria or stipulations for coverage? Some health plans may require that your hearing loss must be a certain degree in order to receive their benefit.
Find out if you're eligible for the Federal Employee Health Benefit Program through Blue Cross Blue Shield (BC/BS), they will cover up to $2500 for hearing aids every three years.
Always be sure to check with your insurance provider to determine if you or your loved one qualifies for a hearing aid benefit.
If you do not live in one of the mandated states, it does not mean that you do not have insurance coverage for hearing aids, it just means that your state laws do not require it. Check with your employer or benefits coordinator. Often healthcare systems, teacher retirement groups, city and state government employee groups and any other large employer or group will sometimes coordinate with a network of preferred providers to offer some level of discount or service. The AARP organization offers a hearing care program for their members that provides “savings on hearing aids and hearing healthcare products.” Be sure to check with these types of organizations if you are a member to see if there is a benefit.
How much do hearing aids cost?
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
The VA is the single largest purchaser and provider of hearing aids in the United States. If you are a veteran or have a service connection, check with your local VA to see whether you qualify for benefits and hearing-related services, including the provision of hearing aids.
Medicare and Medicaid coverage of hearing aids
Medicare does not usually cover hearing aids. You may have some options depending on the type of hearing loss and if you have a Medicare Advantage Plan. Read more about Medicare and hearing aids.
Medicaid coverage for adult hearing aids varies by state and eligibility is subject to change. This page from the Hearing Loss Association of America lets you look up Medicaid coverage for hearing care by state. You can also contact your state’s Medicaid program or visit Medicaid's national website for more information. In every U.S. state, children's hearing aids are covered by Medicaid.
I need a hearing aid but can't afford it
Charitable and other assistance programs
Do you need help for hearing aids, or other hearing care assistance? There are many charitable groups that will provide new or used hearing aids at a discount, or even free, if you meet the financial criteria. We have provided a list of national programs below, but this is not an exhaustive list of organizations.
State vocational rehabilitation programs
If hearing aids are required for employment, your state vocational rehabilitation office may offer assistance to pay for hearing aids or educational opportunities to improve your skill set. Search online for “[your state] vocational rehabilitation program” to find what you need.
AUDIENT program
Telephone: 1-866-956-5400 x2
Website: www.audientalliance.org
Audient is an affiliate of the Northwest Lions Foundation for Sight and Hearing and it’s administered by EPIC Hearing Healthcare. They provide hearing aids at partial cost to low-income individuals across the U.S.
Easter Seals
Website: www.easterseals.com
Over 400 local service centers with varying services; some assist low-income adults and children with hearing aids and other rehabilitative devices. Visit their website and find your local office to get contact information.
Travelers Protective Association of America Scholarship Trust for the Hearing Impaired
3755 Lindell Boulevard, St. Louis, MO 63108
Website: https://www.tpahq.org//
The TPA Scholarship Trust for the Hearing Impaired provides financial aid to children and adults with hearing impairment who need assistance obtaining devices, medical treatment or specialized education or services. There are no age restrictions or requirements for degree of hearing loss; grants are based solely on financial need.
There are many national groups that have programs administered at the level of the local chapter. Not every local chapter participates in these hearing assistance projects, so you’ll have to contact the one in your area to determine if they can help. Some of the groups to consider are the Knights of Columbus, Lion’s Club, Rotary Club and Sertoma. If you’re not sure if you have a local group for any of these organizations, your hearing care professional can help you find these and other sources for financial assistance.
Hearing aid financing
If you are unable to get a third party to help pay for your hearing aids, you can consider programs that provide short-term loans. Check with your hearing care provider for more details or consult with the following programs.
CareCredit
Telephone: 1-800-677-0718
Website: www.carecredit.com
CareCredit is a patient finance program. CareCredit works like a credit card but is exclusive for healthcare services. It is accepted by over 75,000 providers in a wide range of services including hearing care, vision care, veterinary medicine, dentistry, cosmetic surgery and more. They offer monthly payment options, no up-front costs to patients, no prepayment penalties and no annual fees. Short-term, no-interest plans are available as well as longer term plans with fixed interest rates.
Insurance help for implantable hearing aids
If you are interested in an implantable bone-anchored hearing system, Oticon Medical provides insurance reimbursement information for their Ponto 4 system.
Help with amplified telephones
Many states have telecommunication distribution programs for people with hearing loss who require special equipment to use the telephone. These programs loan or provide Text Telephones (TTYs), amplified telephones and other equipment free of charge to residents with hearing loss or other disabilities that require it. A listing of programs by state can be found at www.tedpa.org using the “State Directory” link. Contact your state program for more information about what equipment is provided, who is eligible for it and how to obtain it.
Find a hearing care provider near you
The information you find online about hearing aid insurance and funding can get you pointed in the right direction for finding hearing aid payment assistance. However, the best help for navigating your particular financial situation and your best resource for hearing aid funding sources will come from a local hearing care professional. Contact a hearing health professional in your area for help.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
You are reading about:
Hearing aids / Insurance & financial assistance
Related topics
Health benefits Types and styles Technology Wireless Bluetooth Fitting Reviews and comparisons Prices Medicare AARP hearing care program VA Cleaning Repairs Batteries Accessories Children Cochlear implants Bone-anchored hearing systems Used hearing aids Hearing aid manufacturers
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Hearing aids and tax time
Need an audiologist but can't travel? Telehealth may be an option
What are hearing aid earmolds?
How an audiologist recommends the perfect hearing aids for you
Why aren't hearing aids covered by insurance?
What kind of warranty options are typically available with hearing aids?
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Medicare
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!