http://www.oiweb.com/page/terms.html
Terms and Conditions
www.oiweb.com (the “Website”) is owned and operated by Options Incorporated ("our", "us" and "we").
By accessing this Website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“terms”).
If you do not agree to be bound by there terms, you should not access or view this Website.
The information contained in this Website is intended for general information purposes only.
We have made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this Website is accurate at the time of inclusion, however we cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information.
We make no representations or warranties about the information provided through this Website, including any hypertext links to any website or other items used either directly or indirectly from this Website.
We accept no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in this Website and any decisions based on information contained in this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor.
The Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any representation or endorsement.
We accept no liability for any interruptions in your use of the Website.
The information, designs, content, artwork and images contained within this Website are protected by our copyright.
We permit you to make copies of the information and images on this Website solely as necessary and incidental acts for your viewing of it; and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the Website as is reasonable for private and non-commercial purposes.
You may not frame this Website or publish a hypertext link to any part of it without our express permission in writing.
You acknowledge and agree that all trade marks, service marks, trade names, logos and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content contained within the Website shall remain at all times owned by us.
You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorized by us.
You shall not use this Website for any illegal purposes and in particular agree that you shall not send, use, copy, post (or allow anything to be sent, used, copied, or posted) which is defamatory or obscene or which is abusive, indecent or in breach of the privacy of any person.
You agree not to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material, spam or similar materials or any volume messages that may interfere with the operation of this Website or with the enjoyment of this Website by other visitors.
We reserve the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of this Website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
You hereby agree to indemnify us against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by or awarded against us as a result of your use or misuse of this Website or your breach of these terms.
If you are in breach of these terms or of our Privacy Policy, we may at our option, suspend or block your access to this Website and refuse to provide you with any further access to it.
This Website is provided to you free of charge, and neither we nor any of our subsidiary or affiliated companies accept any liability to you (except in the case of personal injury or death caused by our gross negligence or willful misconduct) whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this Website.
We accept no liability for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind however arising through the use of the Website or any information obtained either directly or indirectly from this Website.
Your sole remedy is to discontinue using this Website.
These terms may be amended by us from time to time at any time and without prior notice and the changes will become effective immediately after posting the revised terms.
You can review the most current version of the terms at any time at www.oiweb.com.
You are responsible for checking periodically for changes and your continued use of this Website indicates your acceptance of the new terms.
Your use of this Website and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms, shall be governed in accordance with the Canadian Privacy Law.
The Ontario federal and provincial courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this Website.
We respect your personal data and shall deal with it in accordance with our Privacy Policy. The current version of our Privacy Policy shall be deemed incorporated into these terms.
You can view our Privacy policy via the below link.
In the event that any or any part of the terms shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. These terms are effective March 15, 2015.
If you have any questions about this policy please contact our Administrative Manager at optionsinc@oiweb.com.