http://www.wellnesskliniek.com/en/sales-conditions
Terms and conditions for reservations
Home
Sales Conditions
By making a payment to book one of our services, via the website or any method whatsoever, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree with the following booking and cancellation terms and conditions, payment methods, treatment agreement provisions, price terms and conditions, guarantees, liabilities and dispute resolution procedure.
By making a reservation you also agree with the relevant cancellation and no-show terms and conditions and all additional terms and conditions that may apply to your treatment or stay at the Wellness Kliniek.
Reservation terms and conditions
CONSULTATIONSConsultations on Saturday, consultations for Botox and fillers, consultations for dental treatment and a stomach operation must always be paid in advance. Payment can be made via the website.
OPERATION / TREATMENTThe total cost of your treatment consists of a reservation cost and the remaining amount.
Payment options:
Online via the website: You can quickly and easily make your reservation via our 'Online Reservation' on our website. You can select the date of your procedure online.
In cash or bank card: You have the possibility to reserve your surgery date immediately after the consultation with your treating physician.Please note that in compliance with the Belgian law, we can only accept a maximum of €3.000 in cash. We accept VISA, Mastercard, Maestro and bank cards.
REMAINING AMOUNTYou can pay the remaining amount up to the day itself. We require your full, confirmed payment before the procedure. The reservation cost is deducted from the total cost of your procedure. Your treatment can only take place after we have received the full amount due for your treatment.
Payment options:
Online via the website: By means of a payment request you can quickly and easily pay the remaining amount for your procedure via our 'Online Reservation' on our website.
Cash on the day of your operationImportant! Please note that in compliance with the Belgian law, we can only accept a maximum of €3.000 of the total amount of the procedure in cash.
Visa, MasterCard, Bancontact or MaestroImportant! Your bank may apply a daily spending limit! If for one reason or another, the payment cannot be made, the operation or treatment cannot take place and cancellation costs will apply.
Cancellation terms and conditions
CONSULTATIONSYour payment is non-refundable. You can reschedule your consultation - up to 24 hours before the appointment - without incurring any additional costs. Please contact the appointments desk by telephone to do so or go to our website.
The Wellness Kliniek reserves the right to cancel the consultation after a 30-minute no-show and automatically charge the reservation cost as cancellation cost.
OPERATION / TREATMENTReservation costs are non-refundable. You can reschedule your operation/treatment - up to one week before the appointment - without incurring any additional costs. Please contact the appointments desk by telephone to do so or go to our website.
Check-in on time the day of your treatment. The Wellness Kliniek reserves the right to cancel the operation after a 30-minute no-show and automatically charge the reservation cost as a cancellation cost.
Check-in at the desk with the person accompanying you, who will collect you after the procedure. This person must be a responsible adult aged over 18. The Wellness Kliniek reserves the right to cancel your operation in the event of the accompanying person's no-show and automatically charge the reservation cost as a cancellation cost.
NEXT-DAY-SURGERY RESERVATIONS:Your reservation cost is non-refundable unless you or the doctor pulls out of the operation after the consultation at the Wellness Kliniek. You can reschedule your appointment - up to one week before the appointment - without incurring any additional costs. Please contact the appointments desk by telephone to do so.
Your operation or treatment can only be definitively confirmed or cancelled following a personal consultation with the doctor. If, following the consultation at the Wellness Kliniek, you or your doctor pulls out of the operation or treatment, you will receive full reimbursement of the reservation cost of your operation. You only pay the cost of the consultation.
Doctors reserve the right not to allow an operation to go ahead. If your doctor, surgeon or anaesthetist decides not to perform the operation, because your health does not allow it, you will be reimbursed the cost of your operation. Additional and/or personal costs incurred, such as medical preliminary examinations, travel and accommodation expenses, etc. are always borne by the patient.
Small print to be read before you make your reservation
THE TREATMENT AGREEMENTYou are entitled to honest and complete information. You will receive this information from the doctor during the initial consultation, which always precedes any treatment. The doctor will provide you with unambiguous and complete information about the treatment, options related to the treatment, any side-effects, the expected result, recovery period and aftercare necessary or desired, the medication, potential complications, risks and the costs.
The doctor expects you to provide honest information and answers related to the reasons why you want to undergo a procedure. He/she expects you to be open about your expectations with regard to the end result and provide truthful and complete information about any medication you are taking, your medical history and the condition of your health.
By signing the treatment agreement the patient acknowledges that all the terms and conditions related to the provision of information have been met and that he or she understands and agrees to this information. If you are of the opinion that you have not been adequately informed in a timely or comprehensible manner, we advise you not to grant your consent for the scheduled treatment.
You can request an additional, free consultation with your surgeon or another doctor at the Wellness Kliniek for a second opinion at any time. It is important that you look forward to your procedure with confidence and only then make a reservation for your treatment.
LIABILITIESDOCTOR
Medical error: Doctors are liable for any damage suffered by a patient as the result of the doctor's failure to respect his/her obligations stated in the treatment agreement.
Medical accident: The Kliniek - Birand NV - and the treating doctors cannot be held liable, under any contractual and/or non-contractual clause whatsoever, for damage resulting from a medical accident that manifests during the procedure or during the aftercare period, which is always deemed, by the treating surgeon and the Kliniek, to be a state of force majeure. Damage resulting from a medical accident is understood to be damage that is not the result of a medical error (examples include complications, unexpected complications) in accordance with scientific understanding at the time the damage occurs.
The Kliniek - Birand NV - the company that supplies the infrastructure where the doctors can practise their profession is not a party to the treatment agreement between the doctor and the patient.
PATIENT
If the patient considers the doctor to have failed to comply with the treatment agreement and does not demonstrate this via the courts, he/she could be held financially liable for the damage he/she causes to the reputation of the doctor and the Wellness Kliniek, including any damage caused by slander, on the Internet or via any media platform.
The patient has a duty of care to his/her property and must take the necessary measures to prevent any damage or losses to his/her personal possessions. The Wellness Kliniek cannot be held liable for damage or losses of personal possessions suffered by the patient or the person accompanying him or her.
GUARANTEE TERMS AND CONDITIONSBREAST IMPLANTS - RUPTURES
Breast implant manufacturers provide a ten-year warranty if a prosthesis ruptures. The warranty means that, if your prosthesis ruptures, and this is proven by an MRI report, the manufacturer will offer a single free replacement prosthesis, in the same size and same material, during this period.
The Wellness Kliniek provides a special, additional warranty for breast enlargements using Monobloc Silicone SoftOne breast prostheses by Laboratoires Arion. The warranty means that if a prosthesis ruptures, and this is proven in an MRI report, the Wellness Kliniek guarantees two free replacement prostheses, in the same, original size and material, as well as the costs of the related, second operation in the Wellness Kliniek during a period of 3 years.
The Wellness Kliniek also offers a special, additional warranty for breast enlargements using Monobloc Hydrogel breast prostheses by the Label Laboratoires Arion. This warranty covers 2 free replacement prostheses in the original size and material as well as the costs of the related re-operation at the Wellness Kliniek during a period of 1 year if the rupture of one of the protheses is proven by an MRI report.
BREAST IMPLANTS - COMPLICATIONS
As a result of unexpected complications - such as rejection, infection or encapsulation - it may be necessary to remove one or two breast prostheses. The removal of breast prostheses as a result of a complication is part of our aftercare and does not involve any costs for the patient.  If, after their removal, you want new breast implants, you only pay the net price of the implants. The Wellness Kliniek offers you the related operation free of charge.
DENTAL IMPLANTS
Manufacturers of dental implants provide a ten-year guarantee in the case of a faulty implant. The Wellness Kliniek guarantees the additional required treatment - at the Wellness Kliniek - as a result of rejection or other medical reason necessitating the implant’s removal. The guarantee means that within this period you will receive a new implant inserted, free of charge.
Zirconium crowns often last a lifetime. The manufacturer provides a five-year guarantee on the material.
PRICE TERMS AND CONDITIONSThe Wellness Kliniek offers a wide range of surgical and dental treatments. You can find an indication on our website. A personal consultation with one of our doctors or dentists is extremely important for us to be able to provide an exact price for your treatment.
We offer you a two-month price guarantee from the date of your intake consultation. After this period, we reserve the right to apply price changes.
The medical and paramedical care and aftercare provided at the Wellness Kliniek are included in the price.
External examinations, care (such as radiological examinations, heart and blood analyses, unexpected admission in a general hospital, medical and surgical treatments, special bandages, bras, physiotherapy, pharmacy costs, etc.), are not included and shall be borne by the patient.  Additional (external) care is often reimbursed by your healthcare insurer. Are you a member of the EU? If so, bring your EHIC card with you to Belgium. You cannot use the EHIC card at the Wellness Kliniek, but it may be useful in the case of any external costs. The EHIC healthcare card enables you to reclaim the costs for any external admissions and external costs according to the rules applicable in Belgium.
COMPLAINTS RELATED TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE TREATMENT AGREEMENT AND DISPUTE RESOLUTIONQuality is important before, during and after your treatment. This is why the doctors at the Wellness Kliniek adhere to a formal quality system in accordance with the EN 15224 standard.
Complaints related to the implementation of the treatment agreement should be written clearly and comprehensively and sent to the doctor/surgeon who performed your treatment. You can e-mail your correspondence to your treating physician /doctor at kwaliteit@wellnesskliniek.com. You can also contact your doctor by post: Doctor's name, Wellness Kliniek, Grotestraat 42, 3600 Genk, Belgium.
Submitted complaints will be answered within ten working days from the date of receipt. If it is anticipated that a complaint will take longer to process, the doctor or his/her quality manager will reply immediately with a confirmation of receipt and an indication of the duration within which a more detailed response can be expected.
If the complaint cannot be resolved by mutual consultation it constitutes a dispute that is subject to the judgement of the Courts of Tongeren, Limburg, Belgium.
Maybe you were looking for this?
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Contact
This website uses cookies
We, and third parties, use cookies on our website. We use cookies to track statistics, to store your preferences, but also for marketing purposes (e.g. advertising targeting). You can read more about our cookies and change your preferences by clicking on 'Set own preferences'. By clicking 'Accept cookies', you agree to the use of all cookies as described in our cookie statement.
Acceptcookies
Set own preferences
Set own cookies preferences
We, and third parties, use cookies on our website. A cookie is a small file that is sent with pages of this website and stored by your browser on the hard drive of your device, so that you can be recognized. Below you can indicate which types of cookies you would like to have placed on your computer. Please read our our privacy and cookie statement for more information.
Technically requiredTechnically required cookies allow the user to make use of the different options they facilitate: identifying a session, accessing restricted areas, carrying out a purchase, requesting a subscription, saving cookie preferences, etc.
PersonalisationPersonalisation cookies allow the user to access services with certain personalised characteristics such as language, browser type, configuration for the region from which the user accesses services etc.
AnalyticalAnalytical cookies allow website managers to follow and analyse the behaviour of users on a website so that they can make improvements informed by data analysis on the use of the website by users of its services.
AdvertisingAdvertising cookies are used to track visitors when they visit different websites. Their goal is to display ads that are tailored to and relevant to the individual user. In this way, these ads become more valuable to publishers and external advertisers.
Acceptcookies
Newsletter
Stay up to date with the latest news and promotions.
Please enter your e-mail address (correctly).
Follow Us
on social media
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Language selection
Continue in English
Ik verkies Nederlands
Je préfère le français
Ich bevorzuge Deutsch
Nederland
United Kingdom
España