http://www.narcolepsy.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Narcolepsy UK
Search
Get help
Join us
Donate
Home
About NarcolepsyRecognising narcolepsy
Living with narcolepsy
Supporting a person with narcolepsy
Narcolepsy in young people
FAQs
CharterNarcolepsy Charter
Charter Signup
Materials
Help & supportHelpline
Conference
Get involvedMembership
Volunteering
Donate
Give As You Live
Other ways to help
World Narcolepsy Day
Resources
Blog
Privacy Policy
At Narcolepsy UK, we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to our website and others whose personal data we process; this policy sets out how we treat your personal information.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering as a Registered Member of Narcolepsy UK;
information that you provide to us in correspondence (on paper, by email or other forms of electronic communication);
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our website;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters.
2. Using your personal information
Narcolepsy UK exists to support people with narcolepsy and those around them, and to interact with others such as physicians with an interest in narcolepsy. We use personal data only to help us pursue those objectives.
Specific ways in which we may use your personal information are:
to enable us to send you information, by email or other means, about our activities and other information that we feel may be of interest to you;
to enable us to respond to requests from you for information or assistance;
to enable your use of services available on our website;
to enable us to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our activities or our website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for any purpose. If at any time we feel that it may be beneficial to you or to others for your personal information to be disclosed to a third party, we will contact you and request your consent to such disclosure. Your personal information will not be disclosed unless you do consent to us doing so. Disclosure of information to third parties in this manner will most likely be for the purposes of research into narcolepsy.
3. Data retention and destruction
We consider it reasonable to assume that you have provided us with your personal information because you have an interest in narcolepsy. Given that narcolepsy is a life-long condition, we will continue to store your personal information unless you request us to delete it or we become aware of circumstances that mean it is no longer appropriate or necessary for us to retain it.
That said, we will conduct a data review in January each year, and any data that has not been used in the six preceding calendar years will at that point be destroyed.
4. Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (or comparable legislation), you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information, specifically:
To erasure
This is often referred to as the “right to be forgotten”. Essentially, this means that you can ask for your personal data to be removed from our records. If you notify us that you wish to exercise this right, we will promptly remove your details from our database. However, if we hold your details in a case file relating to advice or assistance that we have provided to you, we will retain that case file until it is destroyed in accordance with Section 3 above.
To be informed
You have the right to know what data we hold about you, and for what purpose. Upon request, we will provide that information to you.
Of access
You have the right to see what data we hold about you. Upon request, we will show you.
To object
You have the right to object to your data being processed by us. Should you exercise that right, we will promptly remove your details from our database. However, if we hold your details in a case file relating to advice or assistance that we have provided to you, we will retain that case file until it is destroyed in accordance with Section 3 above.
Of correction
You have the right to insist that any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about you are rectified. Upon request, we will promptly correct any inaccuracies.
To data portability
You have the right to take a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. In view of the limited data that we will hold about you, this is unlikely to be of any value to you but we will endeavour to assist with any request for a copy of your personal data.
To restrict processing
You can insist that only data that is necessary is processed and retained by us. Should you feel that we hold any data that is necessary you should contact us and we will endeavour to address your concerns.
Automated data processing control
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based on automated processing. We will not make any such decisions.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, you should contact us, in which case we will endeavour to address your concerns. Responsibility for GDPR requests will be held jointly by the Chair of the Trustees and the Operations Manager.
Ideally, you should contact us via the email address: data-protection@narcolepsy.org.uk. Failing that, you may contact us by post at:
Narcolepsy UK, P O Box 701, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 9LR
5. Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
As noted above, except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
6. Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
7. Cookies
Our website uses cookies.
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Session cookie
SESS<...>
When required, cookies beginning with 'SESS' are used to track an individual's persistent status, such as whether they are logged in.
Google analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
JavaScript
has_js
We use this cookie to track which browsers are capable of processing JavaScript. JavaScript is a scripting language which provides enhanced interactivity and visual effects.
Cookie acceptance
cookied-agreed-en
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on this website.
8. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
9. Third party websites
Our website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Share
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
About us
Narcolepsy UK exists for the benefit, relief and aid of persons suffering from narcolepsy.
Find out more about the history, management and financials of the charity here.
Contact us
For direct support, use our Helpline.
For other enquiries, please use this contact us form.
This feedback survey helps us show the difference we make.
Quick links
Home
About Narcolepsy
Charter
Help & support
Get involved
Resources
Blog
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Website design by White Fuse