http://www.capstonetreatmentcenter.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Please read carefully before using this Website
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let you know what information we collect through this Website, how we collect, use and share that information, and how you may view, correct or change the information if you should desire to do so.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on or through the websites owned and operated by the Capstone Treatment Center (“Capstone”). Any specific website, including all subordinate web pages, owned and operated by Capstone is referred to as a “Website.” Capstone may engage third parties such as a hosting service to assist in the operation of any Website including the Website through which you linked to view this Privacy Policy. As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Capstone.
The information practices of other sites operated or maintained by Capstone or by any third party are not covered by this Privacy Policy. By your use of the Website, “you” (the person using this Website on behalf of yourself, as well as on behalf of any other person or entity on whose behalf or for whose benefit you are using the Website) agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, including any changes to the Privacy Policy we may make from time to time. If any portion of this Privacy Policy is unacceptable to you, do not use the Website. Use of the Website constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Your use of this Website is also governed by our Website Terms of Use
Privacy Practices Notice – Health Information
Certain protected health information that may be provided by you is protected as described in Capstone’s Privacy Notice. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the terms of the Privacy Notice, the terms of the Privacy Notice shall control.
Information Collected
The type of information collected on this Website will depend upon the features and functionalities available on this Website, which may be revised from time to time. For example, if this Website is currently operated as a “read-only” Website, we may not collect any personal information about you through the Website and will not learn who you are. On the other hand, if this Website permits you to “register,” “create an account,” input contact and personal information and you or a third party, answer checklist questions, or take similar actions, we will collect information from you that can be used to specifically identify you as an individual (such as your name, telephone number, postal address, email address, and payment information, collectively “Personal Data”).
Personal Data, Use and Sharing
This Website permits you to submit certain Personal Data about yourself or another individual. It is always your choice whether you wish to provide Personal Data through this Website, but if you do not provide requested Personal Data you may not be able to use all the features or functionalities of this Website.
Personal Data may be combined with other information we receive through other methods, such as from you in-person if you visit one of our facilities. Personal Data will not be sold or given to third parties for marketing purposes except in the limited cases described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy (for example we may transfer Personal Data to a successor organization). We reserve the right to share your Personal Data with third parties if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served upon us, or to protect the safety of you, members of the public, other users of this Website, or any other person, or to protect Capstone’s rights. We also may use and/or share Personal Data with third parties that help us operate our business, for example we may provide your email address to an email vendor that helps us send large volumes of email. We may share Personal Data with Capstone’s affiliate and subsidiary entities. Capstone may transfer Personal Data to a successor entity such as in the case of a sale of our business, a particular business division, merger, spin-off, sale of substantially all assets, or a similar transaction. Capstone may use Personal Data to provide requested services to you and to provide you with additional information we believe you may find interesting or useful. Depending upon the features of this Website, we may use Personal Data to track your activities / progress on and through this Website.
By providing your contact information on this Website, you are authorizing us to contact you through any and all contact methods (e.g., cell phone, fax, email, etc.) you provide us through this Website. This includes Capstone contacting you using that information in connection with the therapeutic assessment, warning signs, contact us and referral network pages, including but not limited to for the purposes of admission and/or referrals. If you provide us your telephone number, you agree that we may contact you at that number using autodialed or prerecorded calls or text messages for these purposes. Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply. Capstone will not contact you using your telephone number for marketing purposes unless we receive your prior express written consent. You can decline to receive any autodialed or prerecorded calls by contacting us at the email address or number at the end of this policy; if through email, you must include the subject “revocation of consent to call my telephone.”
Reviewing and Changing Personal Data
If you wish to view, de-activate and/or update the Personal Data you have submitted, you must contact us at the telephone number or email address below with your specific request. If through email, you must include the subject “request to review personal data.” If you do not receive a confirmation receipt of your request, please continue to contact us until you do.
Use of Cookies
The Website may use cookies in a limited manner. A cookie is a small data file that most major Websites write to your hard drive for record-keeping purposes when you visit them. Cookies allow Website managers to measure activity on the site and to improve your user experience, for example, by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, thus allowing you to visit various registered access parts of the site without re-registering.
These cookies are not created or used to aggregate any information about you at any time. You may occasionally get cookies from other sites, including those related to Google analytics, which is standard in the Internet industry. Capstone does not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website, however, you may not be able to use certain features or access certain areas if you do not accept cookies. Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally.
Social Media and Third Party Platforms
Certain sections or functionalities on this Website may permit you to choose to cross-post or share information on a third party social media site or platform such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, Google+, or other similar sites (collectively, “Social Media Sites”). Capstone does not own or control such Social Media Sites, and posting your information on Social Media Sites is subject to the third party’s privacy policy and other legal terms, which may or may not provide privacy protections with which you agree. Capstone is not responsible for any act or omission of any Social Media Site, including their privacy practices, nor are we responsible for the consequences of your choosing to share your information on Social Media Sites.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT PROTECT YOU WHEN YOU USE PUBLIC FORUMS OR PROVIDE INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION) ABOUT YOURSELF. You should be aware that any information shared in a public forum such as a message board, bulletin board, chat room, or other forum is public information and may be seen by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. You should think carefully before disclosing any information in any public forum
Security
The Website has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, data transmission over the Internet or wireless networks cannot be guaranteed to be completely secure. Although we are committed to safeguarding your privacy and security, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Capstone will not be liable or responsible if any information about you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient or otherwise disclosed in a manner you did not intend.
Links to Other Websites
This Website may contain links to other websites and those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as Capstone. These sites may send their own cookies to you, and may collect and use data in ways that Capstone would not. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personally identifiable information from you.
The ability to access information of third parties from Capstone, or links to other websites or locations, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties, their products, their services, other websites, locations or their content.  Any information you provide to such third parties is not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for the privacy or security of the information you provide to them or their handling of your information.  This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website.
Children’s Privacy
Capstone does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to submit information through the Website.  If you are under 13 or submitting information on behalf of another who is under 13, you are prohibited from sending any information to us, including name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to Capstone.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  Capstone shall not be liable for any unauthorized use of the Website by minors. If you believe a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to this Website without parental consent, please contact us at the number of email address below.
Use of Website
Your access to and use of the Website are subject to certain terms and conditions, which are contained in our Terms of Use.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Capstone reserves the right to change, add, modify, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy, at any time. Such changes, additions, removals, or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. Accordingly, you agree to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be aware of such changes and your continued access or use of the Website after any changes will be deemed your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
Contacting this Website
If you want to revise the personal information you provided through the Website, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact us toll free at (866) 729-4479 or by email at info@www.capstonetreatmentcenter.com.