http://www.nkch.org/website-privacy-policy/
Home
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
North Kansas City Hospital values your online privacy. We want to help you understand the types of information we collect and how we use it. The information we receive depends mostly on how you use our site, nkch.org.
IP Addresses
We collect and log the IP address of every visitor to our site. An IP address is automatically assigned to your computer every time you access the Internet. IP addresses let computers and servers communicate with each other. IP addresses help us determine how the public is using our site, including the pages people are viewing.
To protect your privacy, we do not collect personally identifying information when you visit our site. However, we will use your IP address to personally identify you if we need to enforce our legal rights or when required to do so by law enforcement officials.
You may decide to provide personally identifying information to North Kansas City Hospital voluntarily, such as in an email message or online survey. We may use this information to respond to your inquiries or for other internal business purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect information about our site visitors. Cookies are small files sent from a website and stored on your computer by your browser. A cookie helps the website remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. We use cookies in many ways. For example, we use them to count how many visitors a webpage receives, to help us understand how people use our site, to help you sign up for our services, and to protect your data.
We never sell or rent your information to third parties.
Other Sites
This privacy policy applies only to your use of nkch.org. Often, our online content includes links to other sites. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to the people who operate those sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information they may collect about you.