http://www.cincinnatifertility.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
The Institute for Reproductive Health has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate and explain our commitment to the privacy of our customers’ information when visiting the The Institute for Reproductive Health website – www.cincinnatifertility.comThe Institute for Reproductive Health gathers important information from you in connection with the on-line business applications and related services. The Institute for Reproductive Health does not require that each user give us contact and other business and personal information. The Institute for Reproductive Health asks for information such as each applicable user name, address, e-mail address, federal employer identification number (FEIN) and financial or other accounting information. As our requirements evolve, we may ask for additional personal and/or business information from the user. All personally and business identifiable information (including, financial and billing information) that The Institute for Reproductive Health collects through the website is used to offer and perform the services. The Institute for Reproductive Health will not sell, share or rent your information to third party entities. The Institute for Reproductive Health may track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information for internal use – information will not be provided to entities outside The Institute for Reproductive Health The Institute for Reproductive Health may collect certain other, usually technical, information from visitors to and users of the website. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems and to administer the website. The website contains links to other sites. The Institute for Reproductive Health is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. The Institute for Reproductive Health encourages all users when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each other site they visit. This statement applies to information collected and displayed on www.cincinnatifertility.com.Hosting of the The Institute for Reproductive Health website is done in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other technology to help prevent tampering from outside intruders. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put into place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. The Institute for Reproductive Health reserves the right to change this statement. Questions regarding this statement or the practices of The Institute for Reproductive Health should be directed HERE.