https://www.mgp.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Background:
This Policy applies as between you, the User of this Website and MGP Ltd the owner and provider of this Website. This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of the Website and any Services or Systems therein.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” means collectively the personal information, Payment Information and credentials used by Users to access Material and / or any communications System on the Website;
“Content” means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Website;
“Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer by MGP Ltd when you visit certain parts of this Website. This allows us to identify recurring visitors and to analyse their browsing habits within the Website. Where e-commerce facilities are provided, Cookies may be used to store your shopping cart, etc. Further details are contained in Clause 10 and Schedule 1 of this Policy;
“Data” means collectively all information that you submit to the Website. This includes, but is not limited to, Account details and information submitted using any of our Services or Systems;
“MGP Ltd” means MGP Ltd, MGP House, East Street, Chesham, Buckinghamshire, HP5 1DG;
“Service” means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that MGP Ltd makes available through the Website either now or in the future;
“System” means any online communications infrastructure that MGP Ltd makes available through the Website either now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to, web-based email, message boards, live chat facilities and email links;
“User” / “Users” means any third party that accesses the Website and is not employed by MGP Ltd and acting in the course of their employment; and
“Website” means the website that you are currently using (https://www.mgp.co.uk) and any sub-domains of this site (e.g. subdomain.mgp.ltd.uk) unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. Data Collected
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected:
2.1 name;
2.2 job title;
2.3 profession;
2.4 contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
2.5 demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
2.6 financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
2.7 IP address (automatically collected);
2.8 web browser type and version (automatically collected);
2.9 operating system (automatically collected);
2.10 a list of URLS starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); and
2.11 Cookie information (see Clause 10 below).
3. Our Use of Data
3.1 Any personal Data you submit will be retained by MGP Ltd for as long as you use the Services and Systems provided on the Website. Data that you may submit through any communications System that we may provide may be retained for a longer period of up to 1 year.
3.2 Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to Clause 4, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties.
3.3 All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. Fore more details on security, see Clause 9 below.
3.4 Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
3.4.1 internal record keeping;
3.4.2 improvement of our products / services;
3.4.3 transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;
3.4.4 contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail. Such information may be used to customise or update the Website.
4. Third Party Websites and Services
MGP Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment handling, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services do not have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website. Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that MGP Ltd requests. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties must be processed within the terms of this Policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
5. Changes of Business Ownership and Control
5.1 MGP Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce its business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any division so transferred, be transferred along with that division and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.
5.2 In the event that any Data submitted by Users will be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will not be given the choice to have your Data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
6. Controlling Access to your Data
6.1 Contact MGP Ltd should you wish to restrict our use of that Data. This may include the following:
6.1.1 use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
6.1.2 sharing Data with third parties.
7. Your Right to Withhold Information
7.1 You may access certain areas of the Website without providing any Data at all. However, to use all Services and Systems available on the Website you may be required to submit Account information or other Data.
7.2 You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information see Clause 10 below.
8. Accessing your own Data
8.1 You may access your Account at any time to view or amend the Data. You may need to modify or update your Data if your circumstances change. Additional Data as to your marketing preferences may also be stored and you may change this at any time.
8.2 You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal Data on payment of a small fee.
9. Security
Data security is of great importance to MGP Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected online.
10. Cookies
10.1 MGP Ltd may set and access Cookies on your computer. First-party Cookies that may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 1. All Cookies used by the Website are used in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011. MGP Ltd has carefully chosen these Cookies and uses them to facilitate certain functions and features of the Website. We also use Cookies for analytics purposes. These Cookies track your movements and activities on the Website and are designed to give us a better understanding of our users, thus enabling us to improve the Website and our services.
10.2 When you first visit the Website, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. None of the Cookies set by the Website jeopardise your privacy in any way and no personal data is collected. By giving your consent to the setting of our Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you through our Website. If you wish to deny your consent to the placing of Cookies, certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
10.3 Certain features of the Website depend upon Cookies to function and are deemed, within the law, to be strictly necessary. You will not be asked for your consent to place these Cookies however you may still disable cookies via your web browser’s settings, as set out in sub-Clause 10.4.
10.4 You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your web browser. By default, your browser will accept Cookies, however this can be altered. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. Disabling Cookies may prevent you from using the full range of Services available on the Website.
10.5 You may delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly.
10.6 It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your browser if you are unsure as to how to adjust your privacy settings.
11. Changes to this Policy
MGP Ltd reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
Schedule 1: Cookies
CookieTypeDurationDescription_gaPersistent2 yearsUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish users.PHPSESSIDSessionUntil the browser is closedStores temporary information to enable site functionality.viewed_cookie_policyPersistent1 yearTracks whether you have accepted cookies.woocommerce_cart_hashSessionUntil the browser is closedContains information about the cart as a whole and helps the website know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.woocommerce_items_in_cartSessionUntil the browser is closedContains information about the cart as a whole and helps the website know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.wp_woocommerce_session_SessionUntil the browser is closedContains a unique code for each customer so that we know where to find the cart data in the database for each customer. No personal information is stored within this cookie.
Tweets by @mgpltd
The MGP Ltd website uses cookies, some may have been set already. If you continue to use the site, we will assume you're happy to accept the cookies anyway. Accept View our Privacy Policy.Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.