http://www.eanm.org/data-privacy/
Toggle Navigation
About
» General Information
» SASAI – Shared Audit and Supplier Assessment Initiative
» Statutes
» Organs
Elections 2020
Board
Past Presidents
Advisory Council
Committees
Join our Committees
National Societies
Affiliated Societies
» EANM Executive Office
Membership
» Individual Membership
Application
Benefits
Types & Prices
» Honorary Membership
» Corporate Membership
Application
Benefits
Corporate Members
Congresses
» Focus Meeting
» Annual Congress
» on demand
» Future Congress
» Past Congresses
Congresses Overview
Poster Gallery
Impressions
» Bidding Requirements
» Marie Curie Lectures
» Highlights Lectures
» Awards
EANM Marie Curie Award
EANM Young Authors Award
EANM Technologists Award
Winners
» CME Archive
CME Sessions at EANM’11
CME Sessions at EANM’10
CME Sessions at EANM’09
CME Sessions at EANM’08
CME Sessions at EANM’07
CME Sessions at EANM’06
CME Sessions at EANM’05
» CTE Archive
CTE Sessions at EANM’17
CTE Sessions at EANM’16
CTE Sessions at EANM’15
CTE Sessions at EANM’14
CTE Sessions at EANM’13
CTE Sessions at EANM’12
CTE Sessions at EANM’11
CTE Sessions at EANM’10
CTE Sessions at EANM’09
CTE Sessions at EANM’08
CTE Sessions at EANM’07
Education
» General Information
» ESMIT Organs
» ESMIT Events 2021
» ESMIT Impressions 2016-2020
» ESMIT Grants 2020
» ESMIT Faculty Training
» Radiopharmacy Certification
» Level 1: eLearning
ESMIT Live Webinar series
EANM CME Sessions
ESMIT PET/CT Webinar Series
ESMIT Webinars on Basic Nuclear Medicine
ESMIT Webinars on PET/CT for Technologists
ESMIT Webinars Series on PET and MoRe
GCP in the Imaging Department
Webinar Series on Present and Future of NET Management
Corporate Educational Platform
External Links
» Level 2: School
ESMIT Autumn School 2020-POSTPONED
ESMIT Autumn School 2020 Hotels
ESMIT Open Call for Venues
ESMIT Level 2 Acknowledgements
» Level 3: High End Courses
Post-Operative Skeleton 2021
Advanced Features of Quantification 2021
Oncology Prostate Cancer 2021
Quantification in Neurology 2021
Management of Thyroid Cancer 2021
Advanced Approach to Treatment Response Assessment in Oncology 2021
Practical Implementation of Clinical Dosimetry in Nuclear Medicine Therapy 2021
Publications
» Guidelines
Nomenclature
Cardiovascular
Central nervous system
Musculoskeletal system
Respiratory system
Gastro-intestinal system
Nephro-urinary system
Endocrine system
Oncology
Inflammation/Infection
Paediatric
Therapy
Dosimetry
Physics, instrumentation & data analysis
Radiopharmacy
Preclinical and translational nuclear medicine
» Archived Guidelines
Cardiovascular (Archive)
Musculoskeletal (Archive)
Neuroimaging (Archive)
Oncology (Archive)
Paediatrics (Archive)
Pulmonary Embolism (Archive)
Radiopharmacy (Archive)
Technologists (Archive)
Therapy (Archive)
Varia (Archive)
» Internal Dosimetry Task Force Report
» Technologist’s publications
» Technologist’s Guide
Parathyroid Scintigraphy
Best Practice in Nuclear Medicine 1
Best Practice in Nuclear Medicine 2
The Radiopharmacy
Dynamic Renal Imaging
Principles and Practice of PET/CT Part 1
Principles and Practice of PET/CT Part 2
PET/CT Radiotherapy Planning Part 3
Radionuclide Metabolic Therapy
Myocardial Perfusion Imaging
Brain Imaging
Quality Control of Nuclear Medicine Instrumentation and Protocol Standardisation
Radiation Protection and Dose Optimisation
Prostate Cancer Imaging and Therapy
Radiopharmacy: An Update
Hybrid Imaging in conventional nuclear medicine
» Dosage Card
» Dosage Calculator
Public & Press
» IAEA publications
» Journals
EJNMMI – European Journal of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging
EJNMMI Research
EJNMMI Radiopharmacy and Chemistry
EJNMMI Physics
European Journal of Hybrid Imaging
» EU related publications
» QuADRANT
» Press Service
Press Service English
Press Service Deutsch
Press Service Français
Press Service Italiano
Press Service Español
» European Nuclear Medicine Guide
» Patient Info
Media Library
What is nuclear medicine?
» Nuclear Medicine Clinical Decision Support
» vNewsletter Sign-Up
» Job Portal: hospitalscout.com
eLearning
myEANM-Area
Search
// Home // Data Privacy
Next ESMIT Event
ESMIT Live Webinar Series
Focus Meeting 4
Imaging and Therapy in Haematological Tumours
February 3 – 5, 2022
Seville, Spain
Calendar of Events
Find out what`s going on
Data Privacy
Data Privacy
Cookies
In order to broaden the range of functions of our online services and to make the use of our site more comfortable for you, we use what are referred to as cookies. With the help of these cookies, data can be stored on your computer upon visiting our website. It is possible for you to prevent cookies being saved on your computer by adjusting the relevant settings in your web browser. This can however limit the range of functions offered by our website.
Server Data
Upon visiting certain parts of our website, your web browser automatically conveys data to our web server for technical reasons, which will be stored in the so-called server log files. These data will concern, amongst other things, the time and date of your visit, the URL of the website that referred you to our site, which data were requested, the amount of data requested, which browser you use, which version of that browser, your operating system and your IP address. These data will be kept separate from other data you provide to us in respect to your use of our services. It is not possible for us to connect this data to any particular person. This data is used for statistical purposes so that we can improve our website and our services.
External Assets
This website may use assets (like fonts, images or scripts for example) provided by external websites. While your browser is loading those assets, your IP-address is visible to the respective third party website. These assets (where used) are required for the design and functionality of this website.
This website uses:
Google fonts
Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Maps
Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States
https://policies.google.com/privacy
MashShare
https://mashshare.net/privacy-policy/
Google Analytics
Google Analytics provides statistical data collection as a service – using a third-party cookie to track you. All data is being collected in anonymized form for the purpose of analyzing traffic to our website and plan updates and improvements according to actual usage. The collected data is transmitted to, stored and analyzed on Google Analytics servers which are located in a third party country, i.e. the U.S.A. The relationship with Google Analytics is based on it’s certification under the US Privacy Shield which ensures they obey the European General Data Protection Regulations.
To opt out of Google Analytics, please follow the official instructions by Google.
Google Analytics is operated by:
Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Links to External Websites
If you access an external internet site via our site (external link), the external provider will possibly receive information from your browser regarding the site you were referred by. The external provider is responsible for this data. We, like any other provider, are not able to influence this process.
Newsletter
On our site we offer you the chance to subscribe to our newsletters. With these newsletters we will inform you of our services at regular intervals. In order to be able to receive our newsletters, you need a valid email address. The email address that you give to us will to that effect be checked, in order to certify both that you are actually the owner of this address and that the owner of this address authorises receipt of the newsletters (double opt-in process). Upon your registration for our newsletters, we will save your IP address and the time and date of your registration. This serves for our part as a safeguard, should a third party attempt to misuse your email address and to subscribe to the newsletters without your knowledge. This voluntary information (company/organisation, title, given and family name, and country) will be used in order to optimise our newsletters. The system furthermore gathers usage statistics regarding links you may follow and determines the geographical region from which access is being requested. It will not be possible for us to connect this information to a particular person. Further data will for our part not be collected. The data that we do gather in this way will be used exclusively in relation to our newsletters. No data will be passed on to a third party. Comparison with other data which may have been collected on other parts of our website will likewise not ensue. Subscription to the newsletters can be cancelled at any time. For details on how to cancel, please refer to the confirmation email as well as to each individual newsletter.
Abstract Submission/Congress Registration/Membership/Registration to ESMIT Schools and Courses/eLearning Platform/e-Poster Area
Thank you for your interest in EANM’s and ESMIT’s activities. The protection of your personal data is important to us and we would therefore like to inform you about our data protection measures. The collection, handling and usage of personal data is regulated by law in Austria according to the existing data protection regulations. EANM has explicitly committed its employees as well as any external service providers to adhere to the data protection laws and regulations.
This data protection information is valid for all personal data that you transfer to us online, in writing or in other ways and is also valid for all information derived by this data insofar as it is transferred to us in order to fill a present or future position. Personal data is any data that can be clearly associated with a specific person, for example, your name, address, email, phone number or date of birth.
Your personal data and profile will be checked against our requirements concerning abstract submission, registration to EANM meetings and ESMIT Schools or Courses, registration to the e-Poster Area, eLearning activities, Membership, open positions, Committee work or any other project collaborations in relation to the EANM duties. The access to your personal data is restricted so that only involved persons that have to handle this data can see it. In applying for any of the above EANM will save your data in conclusion to your specific selection process for the chosen/defined project.
You have the right to ask at any time about your personal data, to have them corrected or deleted. You can also withdraw your consent for usage of your personal data at any time you choose. Please address a withdrawal of consent to: office@eanm.org.
When you access our websites, we may automatically collect non-personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). Any further personal data will be collected only if you enter these into our database.
EANM takes measures to secure your data within its area of responsibility against unauthorised access and use of third parties. Therefore, we save your data in a safe and restricted operating environment.
EANM will not be liable for any damage caused to you through the transferal of your personal data via the internet.
By processing your application and submitting the respective filled online application form you agree, that we save your data in accordance with legal requirements. Otherwise we cannot accept and process your online application.
Should you have questions regarding the protection of your personal data, please kindly send us an email at: office@eanm.org.
Contact
From our side, we also provide you with the means to contact us by email and/or via the contact form on our website. In this case, data entered by the user will be saved so that we can process the user’s contact request. These data will not be passed on to any other third party than necessary for the respective chosen application you request. Likewise, no comparison will proceed with any data which may have been saved during use of other parts of our website.
Our website’s use of Facebook/Twitter/Flickr/YouTube/LinkedIn
The Social Media Buttons used on our website – which conform to all data protection regulations – do establish a direct connection to the relevant social network.
If you click on one of the above-mentioned buttons you will be re-directed to the respective website and you are leaving EANM’s homepage. By this process, any of these social media companies can associate your visit to our website with your account. We advise you that as the provider of this site, we have no knowledge of the data transferred or Facebook’s/Twitter’s/Flickr’s/YouTube’s/LinkedIn’s use of those data. Further information is available on each respective social media service provider’s data protection statement.
Right to information/withdrawal of consent/deletion
On the basis of the existing data protection laws, you can contact us free of charge if you have questions on the creation, processing or use of your personal data and the amendment, blocking or deletion of said data, as well as if you wish to withdraw consent you may have given to us regarding said data. Upon your request, the information can be provided to you electronically. We advise you that you have a right to have inaccurate data corrected as well as to have your personal data deleted, should this claim not contradict any legal obligations to retain data.
Data Controller
EANM Office
Schmalzhofgasse 26
1060 Vienna
Austria
Phone +43 1 890 44 27
Fax +43 1 890 44 27-9
E-Mail: office@eanm.org
URL: www.eanm.org
This website uses cookies.
Learn moreOK