http://www.palmer.edu/academics/library/research-help/databases/
Skip to content
Palmer COVID-19 Updates and Announcements
Home > Academics
> Library
> Research Help
DatabasesAAFP Conditions A to ZConditions A-Z is a handy patient-information tool created by the American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP). Common conditions, medical diseases, treatments and health tips (many available in Spanish) are presented alphabetically, written at a level to make information understandable and accessible to all users.Academic Search PremierAcademic Search Premier is a multi-disciplinary database that provides access to full text for more than 4,455 journals covering the social sciences, humanities, general science, multi-cultural studies, education and much more.Alt HealthWatchThe Alt HealthWatch database focuses on the many perspectives of complementary, holistic and integrated approaches to health care and wellness. Access is provided to over 180 full-text international journals and reports.Anatomy.TV - 3D Anatomy for Chiropractic3D Anatomy for Chiropractic is an interactive model of spinal anatomy. Users can zoom, rotate, and see various layers through animation, MRI's, X-rays and videos. 3D Anatomy for Chiropractic is part of Anatomy.TV from Primal Pictures.ArchiveGridArchiveGrid is a collection of over three million archival material descriptions, including MARC records from WorldCat and finding aids harvested from the webArticleFirstArticleFirst is an OCLC generated index from the Tables of Contents from nearly 16,000 journals in science, technology, medicine, social science, business, the humanities and popular culture.Bioethics Resources on the WebBioethics Resources on the Web is a unique interdisciplinary source of information on the ethical, legal, and public policy aspects of health care, the professional-patient relationship, and biomedical research. The website provides easy access to key documents and references in the field.CINAHL CompleteCINAHL®Complete is the world’s most comprehensive source of full text for nursing & allied health journals, providing full text for more than 1,300 journals indexed in CINAHL. This authoritative file contains full text for many of the most used journals in the CINAHL index, with no embargo. CINAHL®Complete is the definitive research tool for all areas of nursing & allied health literature. There are currently 34 chiropractic journals available within CINAHL Complete.ClasePeriodicaOCLC index of Latin America journals in the sciences and humanities.ClinicalTrials.govClinicaltrials.gov has been developed by the U.S. National Institutes of Health through its National Library of Medicine to provide patients, family members and members of the public current information about clinical research studies.The Cochrane LibraryThe Cochrane Library consists of a regularly updated collection of evidence-based medicine databases.DynaMedDynaMed is a clinical reference tool for physicians and other health care professionals for use at the point-of-care. It has clinically organized summaries for more than 3,200 topics, providing the latest content and resources with validity and relevance ranking, giving point of care providers an indispensable resource for answering most clinical questions during practice.ECOAn OCLC index featuring a large collection of scholarly journals. No full text.ERIC (EBSCO)ERIC, the Education Resource Information Center sponsored by the U.S. Department of Education, is an online resource to education literature and research.Funk & Wagnalls New World EncyclopediaThe Funk & Wagnalls database provides over 25,000 encyclopedic entries covering a variety of subject areas.Gale Interactive: Human AnatomyGale Interactive: Human Anatomy, provides the power to see human anatomy beyond static text with the use of visualization tools that develop spatial reasoning through 3D models. Users can examine virtual 3D dissections and access more than 4,300 structures and over 13,500 identifiable landmarks in the human body.GPO Monthly CatalogGPO Monthly Catalog is an index to all federally funded publications printed by the Government Printing Office.HISTLINE - History of Medicine OnlineThe HISTLINE database includes print and non-print materials that document the history of medicine, health, and disease in all time periods and cultures. The website includes catalogs, finding aids, online exhibitions and other resources.Index to Chiropractic Literature (ICL)ICL is the only exclusively chiropractic journal literature index free on the Web. The database currently covers 1985-present chiropractic journal literature. It includes several web pages linking free chiropractic research articles, electronic books and patient education handouts. Links to other important chiropractic web sites are also included.JAMAevidenceJAMAevidence helps decision makers identify the best available evidence by providing guides to the systematic consideration of the validity, importance, and applicability of claims about the assessment of health problems and the outcomes of health care.Library, Information Science & Technology Abstracts (EBSCOhost)Library, Information Science & Technology Abstracts (LISTA) indexes more than 560 core journals, more than 50 priority journals and 125 selective journals; plus books, research reports and proceedings. Subject coverage includes librarianship, classification, cataloging, bibliometrics, online information retrieval, information management and more. Coverage in the database extends back as far as the mid-1960s.Medline completeMedCalc 3000: Complete EditionMedCalc 3000 is a computerized medical reference and tool set. MedCalc 3000 encompasses a wide array of pertinent medical formulae, clinical criteria sets and decision tree analysis tools that can be used by clinicians, medical educators and health care students of all types.Natural MedicinesNatural Medicines is an authoritative resource available on dietary supplements, natural medicines, and complementary, alternative, and integrative therapies.NGC (National Guideline Clearinghouse)NGC (National Guideline Clearinghouse) is a public resource for evidence-based clinical practice guidelines.OAIsterOAIster contains digital resources from open archive collections which represent multidisciplinary resources from more than 1,100 contributors worldwide. Records contain a digital object link allowing users access to the object in a single click.OSTMED-DRFree access to bibliographic index for osteopathic literature from 1800s-current.PEDro: Physiotherapy Evidence DatabasePEDro is a free database of over 27,000 randomized trials, systematic reviews and clinical practice guidelines in physiotherapy.PubMedCitations in PubMed primarily stem from the biomedicine and health fields, and related disciplines such as life sciences, behavioral sciences, chemical sciences, and bioengineering. Rehabilitation Reference CenterRehabilitation Reference Center is a clinical reference tool designed for use by rehabilitation clinicians, physical therapists, and occupational therapists at the point of care.ScienceDirectScienceDirect is a leading STM database offering indexing to Elsevier publishing company journal articles and book chapters from more than 2,500 peer-reviewed journals and more than 11,000 books. Palmer College of Chiropractic Libraries currently has access to 59 of the journal titles. A green tablet beside the article indicates access is available for the library.SPORTDiscus (EBSCOhost)SPORTDiscus is the world’s most comprehensive source of full text for sports & sports medicine journals.Stedman's Medical DictionaryStedman's Medical Dictionary is the successor to the first American medical dictionary. This edition has been thoroughly reviewed and updated to make this dictionary a reliable resource. This new edition includes more than 107,000 terms.Turning Research into Practice (TRIP)TRIP is a clinical search engine designed to allow users to quickly and easily find and use high-quality research evidence to support their practice and/or care. TRIP has been online since 1997 and in that time has developed into a great source of evidence-based content. As well as research evidence the database allows clinicians to search across other content types including images, videos, patient information leaflets, educational courses and news.Wiley Online LibraryWiley Online Library features more than 1,500 journals, many major reference works and online books. Palmer Health Sciences Library’s access includes access to approximately 1250 Wiley and Wiley/Blackwell journal titles, most accessible from 1996 to present. All Wiley Online Library journal titles in our contract are also listed in the Publication Finder eJournals list.WorldCat (OCLC)The world's most comprehensive bibliography with more than 1.3 billion records representing 44 languages. The database also identifies the library that owns the material for which you are searching.
ExpandCollapse All
Library
Research Help
Live Chat
Search
Databases
Library Guides
Bones & Study Aids
Licensure & Boards
Services
Alumni & Visitors
Our Students
Faculty & Staff
Interlibrary Loan
Ask a Librarian
Archives
Archival Services
The Green Books
The Green Books Volume 1-14
The Green Books Volume 15-29
The Green Books Volume 32-Unnumbered Volumes
Donations
About Archives
About the Library
Contact the Library
Palmer.edu uses cookies for advertising. You may disable them in your browser settings. Privacy Statement
I understand