http://www.firsthealth.org/policies-and-terms/social-media-code-of-conduct
Open Menu
Specialties
Learn about the medical and surgical specialties and sub-specialties we provide.
Directory
Search our directory to find doctors, hospital locations and support groups.
Lifestyle
Explore classes and events designed to improve your health and wellbeing.
Contact
Find general contact and location information, media materials, financial assistance and more.
More
About FirstHealth
Join Our Team
The Foundation of FirstHealth
Visit the Clara McLean House
Pay a Bill Online
Send a Card or Gift to a Patient
Refer Someone Today
Resources
Patient Portal
Patient Education
Medical References
For Physicians
For Employees
Terms & Privacy Policies
Search
How Can We Help You?
Personalized Information
Tell  us about yourself so that we can personalize the site's information for you and your location.
I am a patient
seeking medical attention
I am a visitor
visiting a patient
I am a philanthropist
make a donation
I am a caregiver
taking care of a patient
I am a healthcare professional
industry information
I am a volunteer
helping with my time
Personalized for Patients
I am not a patient
Popular ItemsFind a doctor, hospital or service location Find disease and condition information Pay a bill Release of Health Information
Personalized for Visitors
I am not a visitor
Popular ItemsNeed a place to stay? Download a visitor guide Maps & locations Moore Regional Hospital Moore Regional Hospital-Richmond Montgomery Memorial Hospital Moore Regional Hospital-Hoke Send a card to a patient
Personalized for Philanthropists
I am not a philanthropist
Popular ItemsAbout the Foundation Clara McLean Hospitality House
Personalized for Caregivers
I am not a caregiver
Popular ItemsFind a support group Find a doctor
Personalized for Healthcare Professionals
I am not a healthcare professional
Popular ItemsJob opportunities FirstHealth Physician Group
Personalized for Volunteers
I am not a volunteer
Popular ItemsVolunteer opportunities Clara McLean House Hospice volunteer opportunities
Video
Select Policy / Terms
Overview
Financial Assistance
Notice of Privacy Practices
Physician Recruitment
Privacy Policy
Social Media Code of Conduct
Terms and Conditions
FirstHealth of the Carolinas and all our entities encourages engagement and open discussion on our various social media sites.  We look forward to interacting with you on these platforms.  Our official Social Media Sites are: Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and LinkedIn.
We want our social media communities to be a fun place to interact with other fans, share stories, and promote activities and events that are happening here at FirstHealth.  Your participation indicates that you agree to the purpose of this community and will follow our guidelines.  FirstHealth does not represent or warrant the accuracy of any statements or claims made here, nor endorses any opinions expressed within this section.
Your Rights and Responsibilities:
Do not use the Social Media Sites for medical advice or medical commentary.
Keep all comments clean and do not defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or violate the privacy of others.
Do not aggregate, copy, duplicate, publish, or make available content to third parties without permission.
Do not use the Social Media Sites for commercial purposes or to solicit products, services or fundraising activities, or harvest emails or contact information from others.
Do not violate the law or encourage illegal activities.
Do not impersonate any other person or misrepresent who you are or your affiliation.
Respect our intellectual property and those of our partners. Do not upload or download content protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws unless you own the content or have permission from the owner.
You are solely responsible for any liability, loss or damage that results from content submitted by you or through your account.
You recognize that all online submissions may be viewed by the public.
By submitting content to our Social Media Sites, you represent and covenant that your submission is true, your own original work, and does not infringe another’s rights, or that you have any needed licenses, permissions or releases from any third parties.
By submitting content to our Social Media Sites, you grant FirstHealth a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use the content you submit in any manner.
Provide feedback or ask questions anytime at marketing@firsthealth.org.
The opinions and views expressed by individuals posting on the FirstHealth Social Media Sites are not necessarily those of FirstHealth, its officers, employees, affiliates, medical staff or members of its board of directors.
FirstHealth may not actively monitor or edit content submitted by users, but we reserve the right to remove any inappropriate, disruptive, profane or offensive comments, pictures or any other material, or to response to posts in our sole discretion.
CONTACT INFORMATION
FirstHealth of the Carolinas
Corporate Communications
30 Page Drive
Circle Center Building
P.O. Box 3000
Pinehurst, NC 28374
Phone: (800) 213-3284
If you have questions, comments or concerns, please e-mail us at:
marketing@firsthealth.org.
Media Inquiries
Submit media related inquires and access media kits and brand guidelines.
Terms & Policies
Read our social media terms and privacy policy.
About FirstHealth
Learn more about FirstHealth’s care network including our four hospitals, dozens of medical clinics, four charitable foundations and more.
News & Events
Find the latest news and events taking place throughout our care network.