https://www.voxel-man.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footerWe at Voxel-Man respect your privacy. This privacy policy explains how we receive, process and protect information from and about you, and how you can exercise your rights. A central concept of the underlying General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is personal data. Your personal data means any information that is related to you or can be traced back to you. This includes, for example, your name, email address and telephone number, but also records of your interests and activities on the Internet. Collected information Access data In general, you can access our website without disclosing any personal data. Data submitted by your browser to request a certain content is recorded by our web server (“server log file”). This includes the network address (domain or IP address) of your device, date and time, requested file, referring page, and other technical details. Your network address is automatically anonymized by our web server so that we cannot identify individual users. The anonymized server log files are evaluated for error analysis and for optimizing our web services. Contact forms and emails When using this website, you may send us information via contact forms or emails. We provide contact forms for general information (Contact Us) and for user support and service (Service Request). In these forms, we request personal information such as your name and email address that we need to process your request. In addition, you are free to provide further information that may be helpful. You will automatically receive a copy of your message by email. All information that we receive from you is stored on our communication system to handle your inquiry and for later reference. As far as this is necessary to process your request, it may also be passed on to our representative (distributor or service provider) near you. Your data are not passed on to third parties for other purposes such as advertising. We use encryption and other technical and organizational measures to secure our networks. However, we cannot guarantee privacy of online communications. Alternatively, you can provide confidential information by phone, fax, mail, or in person. Cookies Cookies are small datasets which are automatically stored in your browser. They can be used to record information about your visits to this website, such as the preference settings you have made. In general, you can access our website without our web server storing cookies in your browser. We use cookies only if you have an account at our web server and are signed in. The maximum lifetime of these cookies is one year. If you prefer not to receive cookies from our website, you can adjust your browser’s settings to block cookies, or to accept them only on confirmation from you. Please note that some functions of this website may thus be restricted. You can delete received cookies at any time. Third party content This website may contain embedded content such as fonts, images or videos from third party websites.  This content behaves exactly as if you had visited the other website. The third party may collect access data, use cookies, incorporate additional tracking functions, and monitor your interactions with the content provided. If you have an account with the third party and are signed in, your activities may be linked to your account. For the efficient delivery of videos, we use the video portal YouTube. YouTube is a subsidiary of Google, which operates its servers in the U.S.A. and other countries. On our pages, a YouTube video is usually represented by a preview image that is stored on our own web server and provides a link to the respective video. When you watch the video, a request is sent to the YouTube server. In this case, YouTube can collect access data and set cookies as described above.  You can find Google’s privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy. All social share buttons used on our pages are stored on our own web server. When you click a social share button, you will be redirected to the respective social network. Web conferencing Web conferencing provides a means of direct communication between two or more participants. Usually, both audio and video are transmitted. Among others, we use web conferencing for online meetings, demos, and webinars. For the web conferences organized by us, we use Webex Meetings from the American provider Cisco. The web conference is hosted on our own Webex server. You may have to install a Webex software (browser plug-in or app) on your device, which is provided via a link. You can remove the software after the session. Before and during the web conference, the following data from you will be processed: email address, name, network address of your device, telephone number (optional) and other technical details, as well as all content shared by you such as your camera image, audio, screen content, chat contributions and documents. We do not record web conferences. A corresponding function is deactivated for all participants. Address lists We do not use commercial address lists. All unsolicited offers of this kind will be deleted by us without further notice. Legal bases The evaluation of access data, the use of cookies, the use of third party content and the processing of personal data for web conferences are based on a balancing of interests in accordance with Art. 6 (1) f GDPR. Our legitimate interest is the secure, functional and efficient operation of this website and the web conferences, respectively. When you contact us and request that we provide certain services for you, these activities require that we process your personal data. This generally takes place for the performance of a contract (aka provision of the requested services) according to Art. 6 (1) b GDPR. The duration of the data storage depends on the retention periods according to § 257 HGB and § 147 AO. Your rights You have the right to request information about your personal data. In addition, you have the right to rectification and erasure of your personal data. If statutory retention periods or other rights conflict with the erasure, the blocking of the data takes its place. If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data, you can revoke this at any time. If processing is based on a balance of interests, you can object to this. The exercise of your rights is free of charge. Please note that we may ask you for a proper identification. Our contact information is available in the imprint. You may also contact our data protection officer for your questions related to data protection: University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf Data Protection Officer Mr. Matthias Jaster Martinistr. 52 20246 Hamburg Germany For complaints, you have the right to contact the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, or any other supervisory authority. FooterSurgery training, next level