https://www.turkeltaub.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Privacy of Collected Data
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Information to opt out of Google Analytics
Information About Remarketing
This website uses Google remarketing to advertise online using text or image ads on the Google Display Network. Remarketing is a feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our site, and show them relevant ads when they visit other sites on the Google Display Network.
For websites using remarketing, a third-party DoubleClick cookie is used to enable remarketing for products like AdWords on the Google Display Network. When someone visits our website, a few lines of code will drop an anonymous browser cookie. This cookie is a small file that stores information. The cookie will store the site visit, but does not store any sensitive information, such as visitor name, address or any other piece of information that might personally identify the visitor. The cookie will be enabled for a set period of time, such as 30 or 60 days, at which time, the cookie expires.
What is the Google Display Network?
A group of more than a million websites, videos, and apps where ads can appear. Sites in this network have partnered with Google to show relevant AdWords ads.
Remarketing restrictions
Our website will never:
run remarketing ads that collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
create a remarketing list or ad text that specifically targets users in ways that are outlined as “prohibited” by Google
Opting out of Remarketing
Visitors may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager.
Visitors may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Photo Gallery
Read our Blog
View Our Specials
Contact Us
Dr. TURKELTAUB
About our office
Request an Appointment
do or do not , there is no try
Name
Email
Phone
Procedure
A Message Regarding Coronavirus/COVID-19
As always, our highest priority is to ensure YOUR safety and well-being.
With coronavirus/COVID-19 still a health issue, we want you to know that we are continuing to take extreme infection control measures in our office to maximize cleanliness and keep the environment as sanitary and safe as possible. This also means that only patients will be permitted to come into our office and everyone will have their temperature checked.
In an abundance of caution, we are requesting that if you are experiencing a fever, cough, chills, fatigue or any type of respiratory illness, please delay any upcoming appointments at our practice. We can talk with you by phone or email to establish a new date and time for the appointment. You may also want to contact your healthcare provider for further evaluation.
We do offer Virtual Consultations and Telemedicine through doxy.me. This is best used for specific situations including postoperative questions and as a substitute for some postoperative office visits relating to certain procedures. However, if you are planning to proceed with surgery, an in-office evaluation will be required.
We are all in this together and really appreciate your cooperation. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us by phone or email.
Featured Blog Posts
How Long Do Silicone Breast Implants Last?
Wouldn’t it be nice if you had your breast augmentation and the silicone implants lasted forever? You would never have… Read More
Natural Long Term Breast Augmentation Results
When considering breast augmentation surgery, the most common subject that women focus on, and for obvious reasons, is size…. Read More
Will My Gynecomastia Resolve with Weight Loss?
Having enlarged male breasts, also known as gynecomastia, is very embarrassing to many men, making them feel very self-conscious…. Read More
SPECIALS
x