http://www.crh.org/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
About Us Find A Doctor Service Centers Patients & Visitors Physician Network Online Services
About Us
Innovation
Why Columbus Regional Health?
100 Years of Caring
Learn More About Us
Service & Specialty Centers
Birthing Center
Breast Health Center
Cancer Center
Diabetes Services
Dialysis Services
Emergency Services
Endoscopy Center
ENT and Allergy
Heart & Vascular Center
Hospice
Imaging Services
Infusion Therapy
Joint and Spine Center
Laboratory Services
Lung Institute
Mental Health Services
Occupational Therapy
Ostomy Services
Palliative Care
Pediatric Services
Physical Therapy
Rehabilitation Services
Respiratory Services
Sleep Diagnostic Center
Sports Medicine
Surgical Services
VIMCare Clinic
WellConnect
Wellness Center
Wound Center
Medication Management
Neuropsychology
Speech Therapy & Audiology
Business Connect
View All Service Centers
Patients & Visitors
Preparing for Your Visit
Patient Rights Preparing for Surgery Tips to Find a Doctor in Columbus, Indiana Price Estimate
In-Hospital Support and Services
Gift Shop Hospitalist Program
Follow Up On Your Visit
Billing & Insurance FAQ Medical Records, Forms and Documents Support Groups Financial Assistance
In-Network Health Plans
Important Contact Info
Frequently Asked Questions
View All Information
Physician Network
BCSC Health Clinic
Columbus Diagnostic Imaging
Columbus ENT and Allergy
Columbus Family Medicine
Columbus Internal Medicine Associates
Columbus Pediatrics
Columbus Regional Health Breast Surgery
Columbus Regional Health Endocrinology and Diabetes
Columbus Regional Health Gastroenterology
Columbus Regional Health Geriatrics
Columbus Regional Health Urology
Doctors Park Family Medicine
Family and Internal Medicine
Hospital Care Physicians
MyCare Family Med
Neurology and Sleep Sciences
OB/GYN Associates of Columbus
PromptMed
Rau Family Medicine
Sandcrest Family Medicine
Southern Indiana Heart & Vascular
Southern Indiana OB/GYN
Southern Indiana Nephrology & Hypertension
Treatment and Support Center
View All Physician Practices
Search
Search Columbus Regional Health
Search Columbus Regional Health
Close
Emergency? Call 9-1-1
About Us
Overview Innovation Why Columbus Regional Health? 100 Years of Caring
Find a Doctor
Service Centers
Overview
Birthing Center Breast Health Center Cancer Center Diabetes Services Dialysis Services Emergency Services Endoscopy Center ENT and Allergy Heart & Vascular Center Hospice Imaging Services Infusion Therapy Joint and Spine Center Laboratory Services Lung Institute Mental Health Services Occupational Therapy Ostomy Services Palliative Care Pediatric Services Physical Therapy Rehabilitation Services Respiratory Services Sleep Diagnostic Center Sports Medicine Surgical Services VIMCare Clinic WellConnect Wellness Center Wound Center Medication Management Neuropsychology Speech Therapy & Audiology Business Connect
Patients & Visitors
Overview Preparing for Your Visit In-Hospital Support and Services Follow Up On Your Visit In-Network Health Plans Important Contact Info Frequently Asked Questions
Physician Network
Overview
BCSC Health Clinic Columbus Diagnostic Imaging Columbus ENT and Allergy Columbus Family Medicine Columbus Internal Medicine Associates Columbus Pediatrics Columbus Regional Health Breast Surgery Columbus Regional Health Endocrinology and Diabetes Columbus Regional Health Gastroenterology Columbus Regional Health Geriatrics Columbus Regional Health Urology Doctors Park Family Medicine Family and Internal Medicine Hospital Care Physicians MyCare Family Med Neurology and Sleep Sciences OB/GYN Associates of Columbus PromptMed Rau Family Medicine Sandcrest Family Medicine Southern Indiana Heart & Vascular Southern Indiana OB/GYN Southern Indiana Nephrology & Hypertension Treatment and Support Center
Quick Links
Find A Doctor Foundation Careers Practices News Blog Events Directions Contact Us
Online Services
Pay a Bill
Close
best live chat
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 4, 2010
By using this Web site, you agree to the following Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to all of these terms, please do not use this Web site. Columbus Regional Hospital reserves the right to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of this Web site following any changes to the Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes. Please refer to the date listed above to determine when the last changes were made.
Personal Information
A visitor can access and browse our entire site at any time without providing any personal information. Columbus Regional Hospital does not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it.
In addition, Columbus Regional Hospital does not share any personally identifiable information of any individual with any third party unrelated to Columbus Regional Hospital, except in situations where we must provide information for legal purposes or investigations, or if so directed by the patient through a proper authorization.
Cookies
Columbus Regional Hospital may place small data files, called "cookies," in your browser's file storage area of your computer's hard drive. Cookies are a standard Internet technology that allow us to both store and retrieve login information on a user's system. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a site visitor's computer to gather and keep track of information related to you. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with a service provided on our Web site. Cookies can store your preferences through a password you select to access a Web site. Cookies also help us review Web site traffic patterns and improve our site. Most browsers automatically accept these cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies, though this may prevent you from using some of the features of our Web site. Information collected through cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
IP Addresses
The Web server automatically collects the IP (which stands for Internet Protocol) address of the computers that access our site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet. It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer. We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors.
Please note that although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from an IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
Registration/Membership & Security
To use the password-protected member services available on this website, you may choose to become a "member" by registering as a member. In consideration of your membership you agree to: (a) voluntarily provide true, accurate and current information about yourself; and (b) to maintain and update this personally identifiable or protected health information to keep it true, accurate and current. Upon registration you will be assigned a unique member username and a password for access to the password-protected member services. Your member username and password should be kept strictly confidential to prevent unauthorized use. You are responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the secrecy of your member username and password at all times. You agree to notify Columbus Regional Hospital promptly of any unauthorized use of your member username and password. You will remain liable for any use of the member services unless and until you notify Columbus Regional Hospital of the unauthorized use of your member username and password. Columbus Regional Hospital may suspend your membership without notice to you in the event that you do not use the website for an extended period of time.
If any information provided by you is untrue or inaccurate, Columbus Regional Hospital has the right to terminate your membership and refuse to provide you with use of the password-protected member services, without benefit of refund. You understand that Columbus Regional Hospital does not routinely perform background checks on members, and assumes no liability for the accuracy of the personally identifiable or protected health information provided.
You must be at least 18 years old to register for a membership account on CRH.org. You may cancel your account at any time by notifying Columbus Regional Hospital. Columbus Regional Hospital reserves the right to cancel or remove CRH.org accounts that impersonate another person, are abusive, illegal or are otherwise inappropriate or violate any part of this agreement.
Disclosures Required to Investigate Complaints to Law Enforcement Officials
Columbus Regional Hospital may use personal information collected or in its possession to contact users in connection with their inappropriate use of our Web site, noncompliance with our Terms of Use, or in connection with a complaint filed about their use of our site by another user.
Columbus Regional Hospital also may disclose your personal information to another party, such as law enforcement officials, to comply with legal requirements, court orders, government or law enforcement agency requests, to protect or defend Columbus Regional Hospital, or where we perceive an immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to someone as a result of activity on our site. Our disclosures may occur under circumstances where we may not be authorized to advise you of such action.
Changing or Deleting Information
If you wish to delete or correct your personally identifiable information obtained through this Web site, you may:
Send a written request to:
Planning & Marketing Team
Columbus Regional Hospital
2400 E. 17th Street
Columbus, IN 47201
Submit an electronic request online.
Back to the top