https://www.rspca.org.uk/utilities/privacy
Navigation
Skip to Content
Home
Find a pet
Rehome a pet
Rehome a horse
Foster an animal
Advice for adopters
Advice and welfare
Pets
Lab animals
Farm animals
Wildlife
Litter
Seasonal advice
Diseases
Performing animals
Get involved
Volunteer
Campaign
Donate
Win
Fundraise
Young people
Membership
Events
Businesses
What we do
Your local RSPCA
End cruelty
Care for animals
Education
Latest
Who we are
How we work
Shop
Online shop
Pet insurance
Pet friendly holidays
Shop and donate
Exotic pet insurance
Coronavirus latest
Walking someone else's dog
Walking your dog in the countryside
Report cruelty
Donate
Ask us a question
Your local RSPCA
my RSPCA
Ask us a question
Your local RSPCA
Report cruelty
Donate
Share this...
Your information
Cookies
Privacy notice
We're committed to respecting your privacy and keeping your personal information safe, whether you are a supporter, volunteer, shopper or campaigner. This Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we collect or process about you; it sets out how and why we obtain and use your personal information, as well as how we protect it.
This Privacy Notice was prepared to be as concise as possible. It does not provide exhaustive details of all aspects of the RSPCA's collection and use of your personal information. There may be a separate Privacy Notice which describes how we use your data in specific cases, e.g. if you are a member of staff, apply for a job with us or enrol in a specific event or programme. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation when needed. Please see how to contact us section for more information.
We may update this notice from time to time without notifying you, so please check it regularly, but if we make any significant changes, we will notify you.
Share this...
Exercising your privacy rights
You have a number of rights under data protection law.
How and when we collect information about you
We may collect personal information from you when you interact with us or with third parties with whom we work.
How long we keep your information
Whatever your relationship with us, we will only store your information for a specified amount of time as set out in our internal data retention policy.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any question about our Privacy Policy or information we hold about you.
How we keep your information safe
The RSPCA uses appropriate technical measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date.
Legal basis for processing
The law requires us to only process personal data where we have a valid legal basis for doing so.
Making our work more unique to you
We endeavour to provide our supporters with a great experience and communicate with them in the best and most cost-effective way.
Sharing your information with third parties
We safeguard the sharing of your information by entering into a contract, using formalised information sharing agreements where appropriate.
What we use your information for
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected unless otherwise stated or communicated with you.
Keep your information up to date
You can change your mind at any time about how we contact you or ask us to stop contacting you.
What personal information we collect about you
We may collect personal information about you. We do not usually collect sensitive personal information about our supporters unless there is a clear reason for doing so.
Access your personal data or make a disclosure request
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.
Who we are
This privacy notice covers all personal data that is gathered by the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA), charity number 219099.
Children and vulnerable persons
We're committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children and vulnerable people.
How we may use your information
We will not rent, swap or sell your information to other organisations for marketing purposes.
Cookies
Cookies help us to assess the effectiveness of our website and can provide useful information.
Contact us
Contact us to report cruelty or for animal welfare advice.
Your information
Cookies