http://www.healthpromotion.org.au/privacy-policy
About AHPA
What we do
Who we are
Board
Membership
Strategic Priorities
Annual Reports
Awards
Orations
Affiliations
Our Profession
Practitioner Registration
Health Promotion Ethics Project
What is health promotion?
Why invest in health promotion?
Case studies and working groups
AHPA News
Advocacy
AHPA Updates
Other News
Journal
Journal Overview
Meet the Editorial Team
Ray James Award
Chris Rissel Award
Events
Careers
Career Centre
How to post a job
Branches
New South Wales / ACT
Northern Territory
Queensland
South Australia
Victoria / Tasmania
Western Australia
Contact
The Australian Health Promotion Association takes your privacy seriously. This privacy statement sets out our practices in relation to personal information.
Information we collect
Individuals provide personal information to AHPA on a voluntary basis. This includes information collected as part of joining or renewing AHPA membership as well as through other AHPA activities such as registering for conferences or workshops. Information collected may include: name, personal contact details, employment status, occupation, employer, qualification, current studies and institution, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander status, as well as credit card details for membership fees.
Using your personal information
AHPA uses your personal information only for our primary functions of providing information and services to members. This includes enabling you to be a member or partner of AHPA and participate in different functions and events and receive information, as well as enabling AHPA to maintain records and contract out functions such as the production of the journal.
Security of personal information
Your information is shared with organisations that are directly contracted to support AHPA’s operations. All personal information is stored and shared securely, protecting it from unauthorised access. Your information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without approval of the user.
Should you not wish your information to be shared you can advise AHPA.
Accessing your personal information
You may gain access to your personal information retained by AHPA by request including providing verification of your identify. You may correct your information at any time through this process.
For further information or if you have any complaints, questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact the AHPA President:
by telephone: c/- Not For Profit Accounting Specialists (NFPAS) on 08 8215 0022 ; or
by facsimile: 08 8215 0011; or
by e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
by letter: Australian Health Promotion Association, 38 Surrey Road,
KESWICK SA 5035
Become an AHPA Member
Enjoy the benefits of access to publications, reduced registration fees to AHPA National Conferences, professional development opportunities and more.
Join Now Find Out More
Upcoming Events
CUGH Annual Conference: Addressing Critical Gaps in Global Health and Development
12 Mar 2021 12:00am
Injury Prevention Summit 2021
25 Mar 2021 9:00am
17th National Immunisation Conference: Life course immunisation – access, equity and innovation
29 Jun 2021 12:00am