http://www.sedop.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Treatment & Services
Column one
Conditions We Treat
Types of Treatment
What To Expect
Clinical Assessment
Request Health Records
Who We Serve
Adults
Children & Adolescents
Looking for information on Mood & Anxiety Disorders?
Learn more
Our Centers
Why ERC
Column one
Comprehensive Care Approach
Alumni Support
Family Programming
Stories of Hope
Admissions & Insurance
Licensing & Accreditation
Research, Effectiveness & Results
Our Leadership
Alumni Support and Aftercare
Learn more
Resources
Column one
Blog
In the News
Media Center
FAQs
Downloadable Resources
Podcasts
Support Groups
View All Resources
Resource Topics
Advocacy
Education
Recovery
Relationships
Self Care
Signs and Symptoms
Treatment
Mental Note Podcast
Say It Brave
Join the Love Your Tree Movement
Learn more
Events
Utility navigation
Families
Alumni
Professionals
Careers
Search
CTA navigation(ERC)
Schedule a Free Assessment
1-877-825-8584
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information obtained from users of the web site. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other related purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We only will retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of specified
We will collect personal information only by lawful means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Collected personal data will be restricted to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as possible.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will comply with all applicable provisions of theHealth Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) as may pertain to information collected from users of our website.
We will make readily available information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information obtained from users of our web site.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected.
Eating Recovery Center and Pathlight Mood and Anxiety Center are accredited through the Joint Commission. This organization seeks to enhance the lives of the persons served in healthcare settings through a consultative accreditation process emphasizing quality, value and optimal outcomes of services.
Organizations that earn the Gold Seal of Approval™ have met or exceeded The Joint Commission’s rigorous performance standards to obtain this distinctive and internationally recognized accreditation. Learn more about this accreditation here.
We’re here to help – talk to a caring clinician today
1-877-825-8584
Schedule a Free Assessment
Start Your Journey
I am reaching out...
For Me
For a Friend or Family Member
For a Patient
We’re here to help when you need it.
Our licensed therapists welcome your questions. No obligation, no cost. We're here to help.
1-877-825-8584
Feeling out of your comfort zone can make you feel out of control, which can trigger disordered-eating thoughts.
Annika