http://www.stalexiushospital.com/new/patients-visitors/patients-rights-and-privacy/
Call Today : 314-865-7000
Home
About
CEO Message
Leadership
Mission & Values
Catholic Identity
History
St. Alexius Hospital
Lutheran Medical Center
Lutheran School of Nursing
Charity Policy
Patients & Visitors
Patients Rights and Privacy
Visiting Hours
Gift Shop
Cafeteria
Spiritual Care
Special Need Service
Hospital Volunteers
Charity Policy
Index of Standard Charges
Medical Services
Hospital Services
Provider Directory
Current News
News
What’s Happening
Careers
Contact
CafeteriaCharity PolicyGift ShopHospital VolunteersIndex of Standard ChargesPatients Rights and PrivacySpecial Need ServiceSpiritual CareVisiting Hours
Patient & Visitors Guide – Patient Rights and Privacy
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
The physicians and staff at St. Alexius Hospital respect the dignity, comfort and privacy of each patient and will treat you with compassion, courtesy and respect at all times.
As a patient at St. Alexius Hospital, you have the right to:
Receive considerate, respectful care in a safe setting, free from abuse, harassment or neglect.
Receive medically appropriate and necessary care based solely on your clinical needs.
Make informed decisions about your medical treatment based on complete and understandable information from your physician.
To read our complete Patient Rights & Responsibilities statement, including a listing of Patient Advocacy programs, click here.
Our Patient Rights & Responsibilities statement is also available in Vietnamese, Bosnian and Spanish.
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
To read our “Notice of Privacy Practices” in English, click here.
Our “Notice of Privacy Practices” is also available in Vietnamese, Bosnian and Spanish.
Use of the Website
The information included on The St. Alexius Hospital Website Network, including St. Alexius Hospital (www.stalexiushospital.com), NewStart Bariatric Surgery Center (www.stalexiusnewstart.com) and the Lutheran School of Nursing (www.nursingschoollmc.com)  is for reference and educational purposes only as a service to our users.  It is not meant to answer specific healthcare or medical questions you may have. You should consult with your physician or other healthcare provider if you have a health problem.
St. Alexius Hospital, including NewStart Bariatric Surgery Center and the Lutheran School of Nursing, makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, about the completeness, timeliness or accuracy of the information on the St. Alexius Hospital Website Network  or linked to the St. Alexius Hospital  Website Network.  St. Alexius Hospital reserves the right to add, edit or remove or otherwise change any information and/or links to the St. Alexius Hospital Website Network at any time and for any reason.
HOME
ABOUT
Catholic Identity
CEO Message
Charity Policy
History
Leadership
Mission & Values
PATIENTS & VISITORS
Cafeteria
Charity Policy
Gift Shop
Hospital Volunteers
Patients Rights and Privacy
Special Need Service
Spiritual Care
Index of Standard Charges
MEDICAL SERVICES
Bariatric Surgery
Cardiology Services
Cosmetic and Reconstructive Surgery
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Surgery
Internal Medicine
Limb Preservation
Nephrology
Orthopedic Care
Orthopedics
Podiatry
PrimaryCare NOW
Psychiatry
HOSPITAL SERVICES
Community Education
Emergency Services
Food & Nutrition
Intensive Care Unit
Laboratory Services
Lutheran School of Nursing
Pharmacy Services
Psychiatric Services
Radiology Services
Senior Care Center
Social Services
PHYSICIAN DIRECTORY
Provider Directory
CURRENT NEWS
News
CONTACT US
Contact Us
© 2020 St. Alexius Hospital All Rights Reserved.