http://www.evms.edu/about_evms/leadership/general_counsel/legal_and_compliance/terms_of_use/
Skip to main content
Skip to site footer
HomeAbout EVMSLeadershipVice President & General CounselLegal and ComplianceTerms of Use
All pages within the domain www.evms.edu (the “Site”) are for use by members of the Eastern Virginia Medical School (“EVMS”) community and general public.  By accessing, viewing, commenting, or submitting any information from/to the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies for the Site.  Also note that EVMS may change the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy at any time.  You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies for changes and your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to all such changes to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies.
Terms of Use
Unless otherwise expressly noted, all Site content, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, the Site as a whole and any other materials at the Site (“Content”), is copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property owned or licensed by EVMS.
You may use or download Content from the Site for research or educational purposes, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices with them. No other use of any Content is permitted unless a specific use is expressly stated as to particular Content or unless permitted by EVMS in writing.
You will not impersonate another person or entity, falsely misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, or allow any other person or entity to use your identity for purposes of using the Site.
You will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site ("Publish"):a.  Content that contains advertisements, promotional materials, or other solicitations; chain letters, pyramid schemes;b.  Content that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, embarrassing to any other person or entity, or otherwise inappropriate as may be determined in EVMS’ sole discretion;c.  Content that infringes on the rights of any third party or that is protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights, without the express permission of the owner of such rights; ord.  Software viruses or other harmful components.
You will only make lawful use of the Site, and will use the Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations.  Content Published may be disclosed to law enforcement, government authorities, or any other party deemed to have a “need-to-know” as determined solely by EVMS.
EVMS retains the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display, edit, modify, create derivative works from, or otherwise use, for any purpose and in any form, the content you Publish.
Medical information contained in this Site is provided as a public service for general information and educational purposes only. This information should not be construed as personal medical advice and is in no way intended to be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or care.
Any opinions, advice, statements, and judgments, or other information or content expressed or made available to you via links to other sites are those of the respective author(s) and in no way indicate approval or agreement by EVMS.  EVMS does not endorse, nor is it responsible for, the accuracy or reliability of any content provided on a linked site.
You assume all responsibility related to the security, privacy, and risks inherent in using/sending content over the Internet and shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless EVMS and its affiliates and partners from and against any liabilities, judgments, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of the Site.
The Site is intended for adults aged 18 and older. It is not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information to or through the Site.
EVMS reserves the right to do any or all of the following:a.  Remove communications that are negative, abusive, or disruptive.b.  Forward communications about patient care services, compliance concerns or other types of concerns/complaints to the appropriate EVMS department. c.  Remove communications that are illegal or that otherwise fail to conform to these Terms of Use.d.  Monitor and/or terminate your access at any time, for any reason and without notice.
Any dispute arising out of or relating to your use of the Site, these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, or any content published to the Site, including copies and republication thereof, whether based in contract, tort, statutory or other law, will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.  You further consent to the personal jurisdiction of and exclusive venue in the federal and state courts located in and serving Norfolk, Virginia as the legal forum for any such dispute.
Reports of copyright infringement, harassment, or use of the Site in a manner that you believe violates any law, rule, regulation or EVMS policy should be reported in writing to:  EVMS, ATTN: Office of the General Counsel, P.O. Box 1980, Norfolk, VA 23501 or at OGC@evms.edu.
×