https://www.rocorescue.com/policy
LEARN
TRAIN
SHOP
CSRT
TACTICAL
RESOURCES
ABOUT
CONTACT
CAREERS
LEARN
TRAIN
SHOP
CSRT
TACTICAL
RESOURCES
ABOUT
LOGIN
Cart
nav
Because we value your business and respect your privacy, we want to advise you of our Privacy Policy.
Please note that the information you voluntarily provide will only be
used to maximize your access to our online services and products, to
process your orders, and to notify you of special events, changes, or
other important updates.
Security
We ensure the security of your personal information by: (1) keeping
our databases and our web servers separate and protecting each with
electronic and physical firewalls; and (2) using Secure Socket Layer
(SSL) encryption technology to transmit credit card information between
your browser and our web servers. No security system is impenetrable.
The secure servers generally are not accessible by unauthorized third
parties, but could become accessible in the event of a security breach.
Roco has no control over the security of the computers or other
electronic devices and means you use to send emails and submit
information to us over the internet. Therefore, we are not responsible
for the disclosure or interception of your information before it is received by us.
Cookies
Cookies are usually account identifiers and user preferences that
allow you to speed through the log-in process by automatically providing
the data so that you do not have to type it out. Cookies are an element
of data that frequently contains an anonymous unique identifier; the
data is sent from our Website to your browser, which may then store it
on your system for future use.
Submissions to Site
Roco may choose to post stories, letters and/or photographs to our
website that have been provided by our students and clients. By
submitting a story, photograph, letter, or other information, you are
representing that you are authorized to submit such materials to us and
that you are authorized to and are granting permission to us to use such
materials on our website.
Links To Other Sites
For your convenience, links may be offered which connect to
third-party websites. We reserve the right to reject any request for a
link to a third-party website and to remove any link for any reason.
Sites linked to and from this website are not necessarily under our
control and we shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for
the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or for any link
or linking program at any time.
Children's Online Privacy
In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of
1998 ("COPPA"), it is necessary to obtain parental permission for all
children under the age of 13 to provide personal information through our
website. Persons under the age of thirteen (13) are not authorized to
make purchases from our website and we do not collect unauthorized
information about children. Roco is concerned about the safety of
children and their use of the internet. We will never knowingly request
or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Legal Notices
All material on our website, including, without limitation, all
informational text, the design and layout, photographs, graphics, audio,
video, messages, messaging design and functions, files, documents,
images or other materials (collectively, the "materials"), whether
publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative
works, are owned by The Roco Corporation and are protected by copyright,
trademark and other intellectual property laws. Trademarks, logos,
images and service marks displayed on our website are the property of
either The Roco Corporation or other third parties. You agree not to
display or use such marks without our prior written permission.
Except for personal, non-commercial use, the materials on the website
may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,
transmitted, or distributed in any way, including by e-mail or other
electronic means. Any modification of the materials, use of the
materials on any website or networked computer environment, or use of
the materials for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use is
a violation of the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights
and is expressly prohibited. All rights not expressly granted herein by
The Roco Corporation are reserved.
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, Roco does not sell, trade,
or disclose to third parties any personal information obtained through
our website or from third parties. Roco may disclose personal
information: (1) to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant
or other legal process; (2) to comply with legal, regulatory or
administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; (3) to
protect and defend The Roco Corporation, its subsidiaries and
affiliates, and all of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys,
agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action,
claim or dispute; (4) to enforce the terms of use of our website; and
(5) to prevent imminent physical harm.
Update & Opt-Out Procedures
Your privacy is important to us. If you do not want to receive communications from Roco, you can "opt out" by emailing info@rocorescue.com
or by mailing your written request to Roco, 7077 Exchequer Drive, Baton
Rouge, LA 70809-4904. To change your email or mailing address, please
email info@rocorescue.com or call us at 800-647-7626.
Changes To Privacy Policy
Roco reserves the right to change, modify or amend this Privacy
Policy at any time without notice. Customers are responsible for
periodically checking the Privacy Policy available at our website for
changes, and are encouraged to bookmark our website to check for updates
and to print copies of the Privacy Policy for their records.
Acceptance of Terms
By using our website you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy. This
Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please visit our website
for updates. If we post changes and you continue to use our website,
you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@rocorescue.com