http://www.smfm.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
1. IntroductionThe Society for
Maternal-Fetal Medicine (SMFM) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our
website visitors, members and customers. By using the SMFM website and agreeing
to this policy, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of
information and use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Third party
Internet sites and services accessible through SMFM website pages (links) may have
separate privacy and data collection practices, independent from the Society.
SMFM has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or
actions. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
passwords, membership ID or any account information.
We protect your
profile information by placing it on the secure portion of our website. That is
why users are required to enter a unique username and password to access
profile information. To securely exit a profile, users can click “log out” on
the upper right-hand corner of the website. Your password should never be
shared with anyone.
2. Information We CollectData that SMFM
collects is used to further the mission, programs, operations and services of
the Society and to provide the best experience for members and website
visitors. Unless otherwise stated, the legal basis for processing all member
and program data is contractual and based on your SMFM membership or becoming a
registered user of the website. Information we collect:
Usage
Data – This includes
your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating
system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation
paths. This data is provided by Google Analytics.
Profile
Data – Profile data
may include: name, address, telephone number, email address, gender, date of
birth, educational history, interests, and employment details.
Service
Data – Any data that
is provided by you when using or participating in any of SMFM’s programs or
events.
Transaction
Data – May include
contact details, your credit card details and the transaction details provided
by the purchase of any goods and services on our website. The transaction data
may be processed for supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping
proper records of those transactions.
SMFM members can
add, correct, or update their personal information by logging into their
account on the SMFM site or by contacting Member Services at theinle@smfm.org.
3. Providing Your Personal Data to
OthersSMFM may disclose
your personal data to vendors, partners or subcontractors (e.g. SmartBrief,
Higher Logic, AJOG, etc.) insofar as reasonably necessary for the basis of
providing goods, services or programs.
Financial
transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment
services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services
providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your
payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries
relating to such payments and refunds.
SMFM also rents
our mailing list (which does not include email addresses) to other
organizations and corporate entities.
SMFM does not share email addresses with any vendors, partners or
subcontractors. If you would not like your mailing address shared, please
contact Member Services at theinle@smfm.org.
We may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for
compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to
protect your vital interests or the vital interest of another natural person.
We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for
the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court
proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.
Physician Locator User Agreement The
SMFM Physician Locator tool is designed to help patients and physicians locate
a maternal-fetal medicine subspecialist in their area for medical purposes.
SMFM members voluntarily post (by selecting options on their member profile)
this contact information for public viewing. The SMFM Physician Locator or any
of its contents may not be downloaded, republished, resold or duplicated, in
whole or in part, for commercial or any other purposes including compiling
lists for surveys or any other physician list.
5. Your RightsIn this section, we
have summarized the rights that citizens of the European Union have under data
protection law. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance
from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal
data protection rights are:
The
right to accessThe
right to rectificationThe
right to erasureThe
right to restrict processingThe
right to object to processingThe
right to data portabilityThe
right to complain to a supervisory authorityThe
right to withdraw consent
You have the
right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and,
where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional
information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of
the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of
the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not
affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. You can access
and request a copy of your personal data by emailing theinle@smfm.org.
You have the
right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into
account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data
about you completed.
In some
circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without
undue delay. In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the
processing of your personal data.
You have the
right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to
your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the
processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task
carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority
vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a
third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the
personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds
for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the
processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the
right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing
purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such
an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the
right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or
historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to
your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the
performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
If you consider
that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection
laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your
habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged
infringement.
You may exercise
any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us by
emailing ccoleman@smfm.org.
6. Our DetailsThis website is
owned and operated by the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine. Contact us at:
409
12th Street SW, Suite
601
Washington DC, 20024
United StatesBy email: ccoleman@smfm.org
7. Data Protection Point of ContactFor any issues
related to data protection or privacy, please email Chris Coleman at ccoleman@smfm.org.                                                      This
policy was last updated on May 25, 2018.
Share this Page
Find an MFM Specialist
Last name start
Searchable addresses city cont
Searchable addresses state eqState
State
Alaska
Alabama
Arkansas
American Samoa
Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Iowa
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Massachusetts
Maryland
Maine
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Northern Mariana Islands
Mississippi
Montana
North Carolina
North Dakota
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Utah
Virginia
Virgin Islands
Vermont
Washington
Wisconsin
West Virginia
Wyoming
— or —
miles from
Search