http://www.ahns.info/privacy-refund-policy/
About
Mission Statement and Purpose
History
Society Background
AHNS History Interviews
Past Presidents
In Memory
Strategic Plan
Professionalism & Ethics
AHNS Foundation
AHNS Bylaws
AHNS Staff
AHNS News and Announcements
Heads Up!
Leadership
Meetings
AHNS Virtual Education Series
AHNS Meetings Info
AHNS Abstracts
Exhibitor and Support Opportunities
Past Meetings
Related Meetings
For Patients
For Trainees
Fellows’ Virtual Tumor Boards
Accredited Fellowships
Fellowship Match
Directory of Fellowships
Fellowship Curriculum
Certificate of Completion Request
Recent Graduates
For Program Directors
For Current AHNS Fellows
Divisions
Education
Scientific Program/Resident Courses
Surgical Videos
Journal Club
Journals
Global Outreach
Awards
Margaret F. Butler Award
Patient Care
Cancer Survivorship
Patient Education on Post-Treatment Care
Interviews with Cancer Survivors
Cancer Prevention
SLIDE DECK: HPV-Related Oropharyngeal Cancer
Guidelines/Position Statements
Find-A-Physician
Research
Grant Information
Clinical Trial
Tissue Banks
Administrative Divison
Development Service Process for Evaluating Projects Requiring Funding
Sections
Endocrine Surgery
Skull Base Surgery
Reconstructive Head & Neck Surgery
Mucosal Malignancy
Salivary Gland
Cutaneous Cancer
Member Central
Join AHNS
Find-A-Physician
Mailing List Order
Log In
Donate
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
This web site is a free service provided by the American Head and Neck Society (AHNS), a 501c6 organization incorporated in Washington D.C. ahns.info (“the site”) and any related specialty sites or subdomains do not collect personally identifiable information from most visitors. Only users who wish to receive materials, newsletters, contact or join AHNS, or attend a meeting are even asked to provide personally identifiable information,. In only that case do we use personally identifiable information, and the use is strictly limited to conducting communications with the user or to provide the requested materials. When you browse our site, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address and other non-personally identifiable information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our Society, including but not limited to updates on our activities, research opportunities, and meeting updates. You may use the Newsletter Sign Up form to opt-in to these messages.
The American Head and Neck Society (“AHNS”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains many of the data collection and use practices of AHNS’s Services (the “Service”). By using the The American Head and Neck Society’s Website, you agree to the privacy policy.
AHNS offers Services, including but not limited to the Website, on behalf of its customers or partners. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any personal information you provide through the Service may be shared with the customer or partner who engaged AHNS to provide the service you were directed to use.
When this policy mentions “AHNS,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the The American Head and Neck Society (the “Data Processor”). When the policy mentions “Customers” or “Partners”, it refers to the parties (the “Data Controllers”) that engage The American Head and Neck Society to provide products and services to you.
The Platform may include links to other applications or sites or integrate with social sharing features. This Policy applies to the Services of AHNS only. Any information you submit to linked sites, via integrated sharing, or to other applications will be subject to the privacy policies of those providers. You should review those policies carefully before providing any information to these linked sites or applications.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to make a payment, register for a meeting, apply for membership or sign up for an opportunity, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only, which may include future communications about that event or membership. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at webmaster@ahns.info or mailing us at: AHNS 11300 W. Olympic Blvd, Suite 600, Los Angeles, CA, 90064. We also support unsubscribing from our marketing emails per CAN-SPAM regulations. The link to unsubscribe appears at the bottom of each email.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 – AHNS
Your data is stored through AHNS’s data storage, databases and the general AHNS web application. We store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. Payment: If you choose to make a payment via the AHNS web site, then AHNS stores your credit card data only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
SECTION 5 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our site or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our site’s Terms of Service. Links When you click on links on our site they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 – COOKIES
The site may use cookies to anonymously monitor the movements of visitors while browsing the site or to store preferences for interactive portions of the site, but this information is used for internal analysis only, and cannot be used to track visitors after leaving the site, or to contact them in any way.
SECTION 8 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
SECTION 10 – REFUNDS
Membership Dues and Application Fees are non-refundable. Meeting Registration fees may be refunded less an administrative processing fee if the registration is cancelled prior to the deadline stated in the meeting Advance Program and on the online registration system. Cancellations after the deadline must petition the meeting program chairs for any refunds. If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days. Late or missing refunds (if applicable) If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again. Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted. Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted. If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact webmaster@ahns.info for assistance.
SECTION 11 – MANAGING YOUR DATA
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by sending an email to webmaster@ahns.info. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request. Almost all data we collect is editable by you and we provide members with the ability to show/hide data to different populations.
11.1 Manage Your Information
You may access and update some of your information through your Profile settings. If you have chosen to connect your Account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and remove permission for the Platform by changing your Account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.
Any information you have publicly shared via the Platform, you can remove yourself by deleting your shared content using the Platform.
Any inaccurate data uploaded by our Customer or imported through a third party data source must be corrected at the source. Please contact the organization that provided you access to our Platform.
11.2 Correct Inaccurate or Incomplete Information
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you. Information displayed about you in the Service may have been derived from a third party. Please contact AHNS’s Customer, who provided you with access to the Platform, to request data access, data updates, or data deletion.
11.3 Data Access and Portability
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your personal information held by us. You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).
11.4 Data Retention and Erasure
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between the Customer and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to store your information to provide the Platform to you, you can request that we erase your personal information. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:
Information you have shared with others (e.g., comments, photos, messages) may continue to be publicly visible on the Platform, even after your Account is erased.
Because we maintain the Platform to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
11.5 Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing
Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw your consent at any time by logging out of the Platform. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal nor does logging out delete your previous information collected. Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 11.6 and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of AHNS override your own.
11.6 Objection to Processing
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require AHNS not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest. If you object to such processing AHNS will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Your personal information is not processed for direct marketing purposes.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer by mail at re: Privacy Compliance Officer, American Head and Neck Society, 11300 W. Olympic Blvd, Suite 600., Los Angeles, CA 90064
Share:FacebookTwitterLinkedInAHNS Meetings and Events
AHNS Call For Abstracts
AHNS Announcements
Congratulations to the 2019 AHNS Award Winners
Congratulations to the 2018 AHNS Award Winners
AHNS on Facebook
AHNS on Facebook
Contact Us
AHNS, 11300 W. Olympic Blvd, Suite 600
Los Angeles, CA 90064
ph: (310) 437-0559 / fx: (310) 437-0585admin@ahns.info
Search this website
Follow the AHNS
EmailFacebookTwitterYouTube
Recent Heads Up! Posts
More News and Announcements