http://www.epda.eu.com/terms-of-use-accessibility-and-privacy/accessibility/
We use cookies to store user preferences and to anonymously track visitors for analytics.  Some cookies are essential and can't be turned off.  If you would like to allow all cookies please click Accept otherwise click Decline to disable all but essential cookies.  For more information please view our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Decline
Home
Terms of Use, Accessibility and Privacy
Accessibility
Accessibility
Read the EPDA website Accessibility Information.
Accessibility
We are committed to complying with the Equality Act 2010, and have made significant improvements to our website in order to reduce the barriers experienced by people with disabilities. By following Government guidelines, it is our policy to create pages to W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Priority 2 level (Double A). These guidelines are the internationally recognised benchmark for building accessible websites.
We are aware, however, that occasionally we do make mistakes, and for some pages, it will not always be possible to comply with these standards.  If you find any of our pages inaccessible please use contact us to let us know, and we will endeavor to make improvements immediately.
Your browser
By using an up-to-date browser (the program you use to access the internet) you will have access to a much richer set of options to aid you as your navigate your way around this site. As of 2017, the most common browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari (Mac only) and Opera. Once installed, each will bring its own selection of accessibility options and may allow further options via the use of plug-ins. For more details, click on the links below to  see the Accessibility page for each one:
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
General accessibility help
Below are some general tips for making your web experience easier.
Using the keyboard to move around
Some people find it easier to move through web pages using the 'Tab' button on the keyboard, and using 'Enter' to click on links and buttons. Instead of using a mouse to select text and move around within a webpage, you can use standard navigation keys on your keyboard: Home, End, Page Up, Page Down & the arrow keys. Pressing the spacebar on a web page will move the page you are viewing down to the next visible part of the page.
Making text and images easier to read
You can enlarge the words and pictures on any website by pressing 'Ctrl' and '+' or 'Ctrl' and '-' on the keyboard. Screen magnifiers are another useful tool, which you can use to look at a small part of the screen in a much bigger size. You should be able to find a screen magnifier tool by going to your computer's settings.
Using screen readers
Screen readers will read out menus and buttons, web pages and documents to help you use the computer if you can’t see the screen. There may be screen readers built into your computer. Go to your computer’s settings. Alternatively, you can also download other screen readers that have more features. There are many available options, including
NVDA
JAWS
Changing colours and fonts
You can change the colour of web pages to increase or decrease the contrast, or to invert the colours. You can also make the font size of web pages bigger. You can do this through settings in your browser (eg Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer). Sometimes you need to install 'extensions' or 'add ons' for your browser.
Fonts to help people with dyslexia
There are free downloadable fonts available including Dyslexie and OpenDyslexic to help users with dyslexia or dyslexia-related issues. These can make our site easier to use.
Using your voice - voice recognition
With voice recognition, you can talk to your computer. You can open programmes and do other tasks using your voice. Your computer may come with voice recognition programmes pre installed. Go to your computer’s settings. You can also download other voice recognition programmes to install on your computer, which often have more features.
Using speech recognition for Windows
Using speech recognition for Mac
A BBC guide to using speech recognition
Downloadable documents
Where possible we try to provide direct links to downloadable documents either hosted on the EPDA website or on an external website.  Most downloads will be in Acrobat PDF format.  You will need to have installed Adobe® Acrobat® Reader™on your computer.
More information on Web Accessibility
The W3C website has further information about web content accessibility guidelines.
AbilityNet  is a charity helping disabled adults and children use computers and the internet.
BBC's My Web My Way - provides accessibility help, enabling people to make the most of the internet whatever their ability or disability.
If you have any problems accessing our site, please contact at info@epda.eu.com.
About Parkinson’s
Read about Parkinson's FAQs
Read about What is Parkinson’s?
Read about Diagnosis
Read about Causes
Read about Types
Read about Symptoms
Read about Treatments
Read about Later in life
Read about Glossary
Read about Disclaimer
Living well
Read about Wellbeing
Read about Therapies
Read about Caring and Parkinson's
Read about Assessment tools
Read about Getting the most out of your healthcare
About us
Read about Who we are
Read about Our strategic goals
Read about Our people
Read about Our partners
Read about Governance
Read about Expert review panel
Read about Contact us
Our members
Read about Member organisations
Read about How to join
Read about Member benefits
Read about Other Parkinson's organisations
Get involved
Read about Advocacy
Read about Caring and Parkinson's
Read about Clinical trials
Read about Data collection
Read about Donate
Read about European projects
Read about Information for healthcare professionals
Read about My PD Journey
Read about The Parkinson's Disease Composite Scale
Read about Parkinson's Life
Read about The Parky Challenge
Read about #UniteForParkinsons
Read about Work with us
Latest
Read about COVID-19 (coronavirus)
Read about Resources
Read about News
Read about EPDA Toolkits
Read about Research
European Parkinson's Disease Association (EPDA)
Kings Lodge, London Road
West Kingsdown
Sevenoaks
Kent TN15 6AR
United Kingdom
info@epda.eu.com
Click to Donate
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Linkedin
Pinterest
Copyright © 2020 EPDA. All Rights Reserved
Terms of use
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Back to top