http://www.questdiagnostics.com/home/privacy-policy/cookies
Home » Privacy » Cookie Notice
Email
Print
Privacy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
California Nevada European Union / European Economic Area Privacy Shield
Cookie Notice
What are cookies? Cookies are small text files sent from a website you are browsing to your computer. Your computer stores the cookies inside your web browser. Cookies have many different jobs.
For example, they allow us to identify returning visitors and tell us things such as how many people visited our websites, the pages that were accessed, and whether there were any technical problems in loading pages. By collecting this information, we learn what parts of our websites are the most interesting or valuable to our visitors, and can monitor overall interest in, and functioning of, our websites. Cookies also help to ensure that advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. Cookies do not harm your computer in any way. There are other technologies that are similar to cookies, such as web beacons, which are also known as internet tags, pixels and clear GIFs. These technologies function like cookies, and we refer to cookies and these similar technologies collectively as cookies for purposes of this Notice. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org. Does Quest Diagnostics use cookies on its websites? Yes. Like virtually all websites, our websites use cookies. Some of the cookies we use are temporary, and are discarded as soon as you end your session or close your web browser.
Other cookies, called persistent cookies, remain on your computer’s hard drive for longer periods of time, after which they expire, or until you delete them. Further, some of the cookies on our websites are first-party cookies, meaning that we create and place them on your computer when you visit our websites.
Other cookies, known as third party cookies, are placed on your computer when you visit our websites, but are stored by other service providers or third party domains.
We do not control the use of information collected by such third party cookies. What are the types of cookies that websites use? There are four general categories of cookies that are used on websites: Strictly necessary (also known as required or essential) cookies: These cookies are required to move around a website and use its features, such as browsing as a registered visitor, or making a purchase.
Our website uses strictly necessary cookies.
You may be able to block these cookies, but some parts of the websites may not function properly. Performance cookies: These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, such as the number of visitors browsing the site or a particular section of the site, the pages visitors go to most often, and whether they get error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a specific visitor. Rather, the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. The information that we gather through performance cookies is used to improve how the websites work, and to help us evaluate website usage. Tools that perform website analytics, such as Google Analytics, use performance cookies to generate reports about a website's traffic and the sources of that traffic. They can also be used to recognize you across platforms and devices. These tools tell website owners how many visitors came to their website, and whether those visitors came to the website after clicking on a link in a search engine or via another referral source. In this way, the website is able to evaluate website traffic as well as the ways to increase website traffic.
Like virtually all websites, we use performance cookies, including Google Analytics. Functional cookies: These cookies allow a website to remember choices made by website visitors (such as user name, language or region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. This allows websites to improve user experience.
We use functional cookies. Targeting or advertising cookies:
These cookies are used to deliver online advertisements both on and off websites visited that may be more relevant to visitor interests based on activity from a website being browsed.
They may also be used to limit the number of times visitors see an advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
We use targeting cookies.
We do not serve third party advertisements to you on our websites.
But, we do allow third parties to place cookies on our websites, and information collected via these cookies is used to provide you with information that may be of interest to you based on your activities on our websites. Am I required to accept cookies to use this website? No. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most browsers also allow you to disable or manage the use of cookies to adjust the types of cookies you want to accept.
We also offer a cookie management tool to visitors from certain jurisdictions.
Please note that if you choose to disable all cookies, some portion of our websites, as well as most other websites, may not work properly. Keep reading for more information about how you can adjust your cookie preferences when you visit our websites. How do I block or manage cookies? There are several ways you may be able to block or manage cookies.
Certain of our websites offer cookie tools that provide information and allow you to manage your preferences.
For our websites that do not currently offer this functionality, you can take the steps described below.
Please note that the steps described below must be taken on each browser or device you use, and if you change browsers or devices you must take these steps again on the new browser or device. You may be able to disable and manage cookies through your browser. If you do, you can still browse our websites but may not be able to use many of their features.
Several popular browsers offer guidance on how to manage cookies:
•	Google Chrome •	Microsoft Edge •	Mozilla Firefox •	Microsoft Internet Explorer
•	Apple Safari To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website. You can also visit http://www.aboutcookies.org. Please note that our websites are not set up to respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals, but they do respond to browser cookies settings. You may opt-out from receiving personalized advertising from some third parties by visiting the US based www.AboutAds.info/choices or the EU based Your Online Choices. Please note that these choices will not opt you out of receiving advertisements. You will continue to receive generic advertisements. Like many websites, we use analytics, including Google Analytics. You may find out more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” found here. Last Updated: January 1, 2020