http://www.borninbradford.nhs.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This statement relates to the Born in Bradford website.
Born in Bradford and this website is run by staff at the Bradford Institute for Health Research, Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, (Bradford Royal Infirmary, Duckworth Lane, Bradford, BD9 6RJ).
Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust’s Data Protection Officer can be contacted at dataprotectionofficer@bthft.nhs.uk
Our legal basis for processing personal data is public interest.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to, rectification of, and restriction of processing of your data collected via our website. If you wish to exercise these rights please contact the Born in Bradford project office by calling 01274 36 4474, emailing borninbradford@bthft.nhs.uk or writing to:
Born in Bradford Project Office,
Bradford Institute for Health Research,
Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust,
Bradford Royal Infirmary,
Duckworth Lane,
Bradford,
BD9 6RJ
If you are still unhappy with the outcome of your enquiry, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office:
The Information Commissioner, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Telephone: 01625 545700
https://ico.org.uk
Purpose of Statement
Born in Bradford is committed to looking after any information that you make available when you visit our website in accordance with data protection and privacy laws. This privacy statement outlines what categories of information we retain and how we use it.
Collection of Personal Data
We have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you.
Provision of personal data will be acknowledged as your acceptance of this statement and agreement to our collecting and using that personal data only as described in this statement. If you do not agree with this statement, please do not provide personal data to us.
What is personal data?
Personal data is information that identifies an individual.
Collecting personal data
We only collect and hold personal data provided by you in accordance with this privacy statement. This will happen if you:
Email us
Contact us via an enquiry form
Sign up to a newsletter
We collect your name, email address, organisation and job title in order to deal with your request appropriately. We will not pass this information on to any third parties.
Data will be retained for the length of the Born in Bradford programme. This is a long term research programme. We intend to follow the Born in Bradford children into adulthood and the next generation.
We will ensure that all personal data you supply is held in accordance with relevant UK data protection regulations. We do not sell or otherwise transfer personal data to any other third parties.
Visits to the Born in Bradford website
When you visit the Born in Bradford website, the following information is received and stored on our web servers: details of your IP address, browser type and operating system; and the web pages you visited. This data is known as web server logs. We use this information to analyse how our website is used by our visitors and we may archive this information in an anonymous form for historical records.
Cookies
Our website uses ‘cookies’ which are text files placed on your computer when you visit a site. These fileshelp us to understand how you use our website. Cookies don’t collect personal data from your computer, only data created by your browsing. Some cookies remain on your computer after you leave the website; these are called ‘persistent’ cookies. Others are deleted automatically when you close your browser and others simply expire. We use the following cookies on our website:
Analytics cookies and advertising cookies set by Google Analytics
We may collect non-personally-identifiable information relating to your use of our sites via Google Analytic technology. This may include: which pages you see; how long you stay; what you click on our pages; if you visit the site again; which country and city you are browsing from; etc. This data is collected for the purpose of monitoring and understanding the effectiveness of our website. We also collect data relating to the demographics and interests of our users via Google Analytics and cookies set by Google advertising networks. This data is used in aggregated form to help improve the site and Born in Bradford’s communication efforts.
Further information and instructions for opting out of Google Analytics tracking are available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Tracing cookies (social media)
Twitter
Facebook
Tracing cookies (media)
You Tube
You can choose not to accept cookies by changing your browser settings or deleting existing cookies installed on your computer. Visit www.aboutcookies.org for information on how to do this.
Links to external websites
Links on the Born in Bradford website may lead to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of any linked site. Listing and linking should not be taken as an endorsement of any kind and we accept no liability in respect of content. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and have no control over the availability of linked pages.
Email marketing
We are keen to communicate our activities, views, latest news and point of excellence with staff, stakeholders and supporters. We do this by providing information through a range of online and offline channels including publications, events, press releases, social media and email.
In order to do this we have a database that contains personal data collected by Born in Bradford during the course of our relationship with staff, stakeholders and supporters. We aim to keep your data up to date and welcome any updates to your details or corrections to any inaccuracies you may wish to provide.
You have a right to request copies of the data held about you by Born in Bradford (see Your rights above). If you no longer want us to use your data, or wish to amend the type of communications you receive, then you can opt out at any time via the unsubscribe link included in any email.
Public Twitter data
Born in Bradford uses publicly available information, such as Twitter handles and hashtags, to target tweets promoting research to relevant Twitter users.
Public Facebook data
Born in Bradford uses Facebook usernames and hashtags to promote research and public events relevant to Facebook users.
Disclaimer
Our website and materials relating to our information, products and services (or to third party information, products and services), are provided ‘as is’, without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
We do not warrant that the functions contained in the material within our website will be uninterrupted or  error free, that defects will be corrected or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or represent the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the materials.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use of, data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of our Website.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Virus Protection
We make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus programme on all material downloaded from the Internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material derived from our website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made 30th May 2018.
Born in Bradford is helping to unravel the reasons for the high level of childhood illness in the UK and bring new scientific discovery to the world.
Sign up to our Awesome newsletter
Privacy & Cookies
© Born In Bradford 2020
Website by Verge Design