https://www.ctrf.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Cancer Treatment Research Foundation (“CTRF”) respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.ctrf.org and www.payton34.org (“Website”). Your privacy is important to us and to better protect it, we provide you with this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, links are provided at the bottom of our homepage and on every page within our Website. By visiting our Website, you accept the practices described in the Privacy Notice.
Use of Cookies
CTRF uses cookies, small files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive, to improve your Website experience. The cookie is used to speed up your access to the Website and the information you wish to see, but it does not contain any personal information. The majority of Web browsers accept cookies, but the “Help” menu on your browser should give you options for preventing, accepting, or receiving notice of new cookies. Please be aware that if you block cookies, some Website functionality may be lost.
Information Collection
General traffic, site usage, and the length of stay information is collected and stored in log files. This type of information is shared only on an aggregated basis. We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. If you request information or donate, for example, we may collect the following information: first and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, and subject of inquiry.
Contributions
If you choose to make a charitable donation to CTRF, we maintain a record of your contribution. CTRF uses PayPal to handle our online payment transactions. Your personal information is subject to PayPal’s data collection practices. For a full description, please read PayPal’s privacy and security statements (LINK).
Requests
If you submit an online request for CTRF materials or submit a question through “contact us”, we may have to gather additional information from you to respond to your request. Such information will vary with the request but often includes name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address.
Public Forums
If you choose to participate in a public forum that we make available, please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding whether or not to disclose your personal information.
Data Use
CTRF does NOT share or sell the information collected with any individual or other organizations, except to provide the services/information you requested.
If you do not make a request, donation, or otherwise identify yourself, we will have no personally identifiable information about you. We will only use aggregate information derived, in part, from your use of our Website to improve our site and service to you.
If you provide personal information, we may enter your information into our constituent database and contact you in order to:
Complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes.
Supply you with information, including cancer-related news, research, CTRF programs, and events.
Request monetary contributions to CTRF or volunteer time.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us by email. Inquiries may be forwarded to the appropriate CTRF department for response and may be entered into our constituent database. If your name is entered into our database, we may contact you (see above).
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose.
Data Security
CTRF is committed to protecting the security of your personal information and to honoring your choices for its intended use. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we strive to maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards.
Inside CTRF, data is stored in password-controlled servers. Our staff and volunteers are educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and we are committed to holding them accountable for protecting your confidentiality. However, such precautions do not guarantee that our Website is invulnerable to all security breaks. CTRF makes no warranty, guarantee, or representation that the use of our Website is protected from viruses, security threats, or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure.
Links
CTRF’s privacy policy applies only to your use of the CTRF Website. This site contains links to other sites, including sites that have a special relationship with us. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those websites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Your Options
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, you may opt out by sending an email or writing to us at the address below and telling us that you do not want to receive email from CTRF.
If you do not want to receive mail at your mailing address from us in the future, you may opt out by sending an email or writing to us at the address below.
If you contact us with an opt out request, all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure that you will not receive any of the selected communications from us in the future. If you do not opt out at this time, you may do so at a later date should you so desire.
Contact Us
This privacy statement will be updated periodically and posted on our Website. We welcome feedback and questions on this privacy statement. If you wish to contact us:
Please email us at: info@ctrf.org
Or write:Privacy PolicyCancer Treatment Research Foundation1336 Basswood RoadSchaumburg, IL 60173
Or phone:847.342.7450