https://www.sanofi.com/legal-notice
Legal notice - Sanofi
Worldwide presence
English
English
français
MMMM D, YYYYLegal notice
Home
Legal notice
Legal notice
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
This page describes the legal instructions which apply to every Internet-user visiting this site. In consulting this site you undertake to respect these instructions without reservation. We advise you to consult these instructions regularly, as they may be modified from time to time and without notice
1. Intellectual property
The www.sanofi.com website (hereinafter the “site”) is owned and operated by Sanofi-aventis Groupe, belonging to Groupe Sanofi. The presentation and each of the elements, including trademarks, logos and domain names appearing on the site are protected by intellectual property laws and (i) are held by Sanofi-aventis Groupe or its subsidiaries or (ii) are held by third parties and are subject to an authorization of use granted to Sanofi-aventis Groupe by their owners, including those listed in Article 10 below.
No material from the site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, distorted, transmitted or distributed in any manner or in any medium, in part or in whole, without the prior written consent of Sanofi-aventis Groupe, except strictly for the purposes of the press and subject to the respect of intellectual property rights and any other proprietary right that is mentioned. Only copying for private usage is permitted for your personal, private and non-commercial use, on your personal computer or through sharing tools offered on the site.
The following notice shall appear on all copies authorized in whole in or in part of the site’s content: “COPYRIGHT SANOFI 2004-2018. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.”
Elements composing or contained in the site authorized for use may not be distorted, modified or altered in any way.
Sanofi or its subsidiaries reserve the right to take legal action against any counterfeit of its intellectual property rights.
2. Nature of information
The information, notably financial information, provided on the site shall not be considered as an invitation to invest. They shall not be interpreted as canvassing or public offering, and do not constitute either an offer to subscribe, purchase, or deal in Sanofi shares or any other securities issued by Sanofi and/or its subsidiaries. Sanofi-aventis Groupe draws your attention to the fact that financial information posted on the site are regularly updated.
As the case may be, expert opinions concerning a particular area in relation with the content of the site shall be posted on the site, or extracts from press articles. Such information represents only the opinions of the respective experts or of the newspaper, which opinions are not necessarily those of the Sanofi Group. Such experts are not employees of the Sanofi Group and do not receive any compensation from Sanofi-aventis Groupe for the use of their opinion. Sanofi-aventis Groupe is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of any information or opinions set forth in such materials. Expert advice reflects only the personal view of that expert, and in no case shall it be regarded as the opinion or responsibility of Sanofi-aventis Groupe.
Moreover, the site contains information relating to health, fitness, the medical domain and various kinds of medical treatment reserved exclusively for use by human beings. This is for information purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or pharmacist. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing any illness or physical problem or in order to prescribe or use any medication presented on the site. You should always consult your own physician or pharmacist.
3. Links to other sites
The responsibility of Sanofi-aventis Groupe will not be called into account with regard to any third-party site to which you may have gained access via the site. We have no way of controlling the content of these third-party sites which remain totally independent of Sanofi-aventis Groupe. In addition, the existence of a link between the site and any third party site in no way implies that Sanofi-aventis Groupe in any way approves of the content of this site, or, moreover, any use to which such content may be put.
Furthermore, it is your responsibility to take the necessary precautions to prevent the site being contaminated by, including, but not limited to, one or more “viruses”, “Trajan horses” or any other “parasites”.
External sites may contain hyperlinks leading to the site. Any such hyperlink shall not be installed without Sanofi-aventis Groupe’s express prior consent. In any case, Sanofi-aventis Groupe is in no way responsible for the unavailability of such external sites and Sanofi-aventis Groupe does not review, control, approve, nor is it responsible for any content, advertising, products or other materials available on or accessible via those sites.
4. Privacy, Protection of Personal Data and Confidential Information
4.1 Privacy and protection of Personal Data
SANOFI fully understands the importance of privacy and the protection of personal data in the digital era and is committed to ensure an adequate level of data protection for all persons with whom Sanofi has dealings. We invite you to read Sanofi Global Privacy Policy to get more information about Sanofi’s global practices to ensure an adequate protection of personal data.
Sanofi-aventis Groupe is data controller for the processing of personal data collected through this website.
Sanofi-aventis Groupe:
54, rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 77 40 00
Sanofi-aventis Groupe is a public company with capital of 76,493,456 euros, registered with the RCS of Paris under the number 403 335 938 (SIREN).
4.2 The site is not designed to receive any confidential information which you may submit.
Consequently, and except for the personal data mentioned above, any information in whatever form - documents, data, graphics, questions, suggestions, concepts, remarks or other - which you communicate on the website will in no way be deemed confidential. Consequently, the mere transmission by you gives us the right to use, reproduce, distribute, modify or transmit this information in order to process your request.
5. Limitations of liability
Sanofi-aventis Groupe makes every effort to ensure to the best of its abilities the accuracy and updating of the information broadcast on the site, whose content the company reserves the right to change at any time and without prior notice. Nonetheless, Sanofi-aventis Groupe cannot fully guarantee the accuracy, precision, updating or exhaustiveness of the information made available on the site.
As a result, and with the exception of direct damage resulting from willful misconduct or gross negligence by Sanofi-aventis Groupe, the latter cannot be held liable for:
any imprecision, inaccuracy or omission relative to the information provided on the site;
any damage resulting from fraudulent intrusion by a third party leading to the modification of the information or materials provided on the site;
in a more general way, any damage, direct or indirect, regardless of its cause, origin, nature or consequences, even whilst Sanofi-aventis Groupe has been aware of the possibility of such damage, whether it be the result of (i) access or inability to access the site, (ii) the use of the site, including any damage or virus which may infect your computer system or any other product, and/or (iii) credit given to any information provided directly or indirectly by the site
The materials in the site and all other sites are provided “as is”, without any kind of warranty, whether express or implied. Sanofi-aventis Groupe does not offer any express or implied warranty relative without limitation to their merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
6. Availability of the web site
You acknowledge that (i) it is technically impossible that the site will be provided free of defaults and that Sanofi-aventis Groupe cannot take any responsibility for this, (ii) that defaults may lead to the temporary unavailability of the site, and that (iii) the operation of the site may be adversely affected by conditions and performances outside Sanofi-aventis Groupe’s control, such as, for example, transmission and telecommunication links between Sanofi-aventis Groupe and you and between Sanofi-aventis Groupe and other systems and networks.
Sanofi-aventis Groupe and/or its suppliers may, at any time, temporarily or in permanently modify or interrupt, all or part of the site in order to perform maintenance work and/or make improvements and/or changes to the site. Sanofi-aventis Groupe is not liable for any modification to or suspension or interruption of the site.
7. Information on the products
The information contained and broadcast on the site may contain direct or indirect references to products, programs and services of the Sanofi Group which are not proposed or available in certain countries or regions, or which may be offered under a different trademark, and which may be subject to different regulations and conditions of use according to the country. Such references do not imply any intention on the part of the Sanofi Group to sell these products, programs or services in your country. Please consult the local Sanofi Group subsidiary or your Sanofi Group commercial partner for any information concerning the products, programs and services which are available in your region / country.
8. Legal framework
The site and its content are governed by the Laws of France. Any possible litigation referring to the site and its content will come under the competence of French Courts.
9. Legal notice
9.1 Site Editor
Sanofi-aventis Groupe
54, rue La Boétie
FR - 75008 Paris
Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 77 40 00
Sanofi-aventis Groupe, a corporation (société anonyme) with a capital of 76,493,456 Euros, registered in the Paris Trade and Company Register under Number 403 335 938.
9.2 Publishing Director
Bruno Laforge
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sanofi-aventis Groupe
Vaccines section:
David Loew
CEO Sanofi Pasteur
9.3 Site hosting
Microsoft Nederland B.V.
Evert van de Beekstraat 354
1118 CZ Schiphol (Amsterdam)
The Netherlands
http://www.microsoft.com/nl-nl
Microsoft Nederland B.V. is part of Microsoft Corporation,
1 Microsoft Way,
98052 Redmond, Washington, USA.
10. Credits
10.1 Register trademarks
Apple®, the Apple® logo, iPhone®, iPod touch® and App Store® are trademarks of Apple Inc. registered in the United States of America and other countries.
Trademarks and logos Google®, YouTube® and g+® are trademarks of Google Inc. registered in various countries.
Flickr® trademarks and logos are registered trademarks on behalf of Yahoo! Inc. in various countries.
LinkedIn® trademarks and logos are registered trademarks in the United States of America and/or in other countries in the name of LinkedIn Corporation or its affiliated companies.
All SlideShare® trademarks and logos are registered to SlideShare, Inc. in the United States of America and/or other countries.
Twitter® trademarks and logos are Twitter Inc. brands, registered in various countries.
The use of some of these brands on the website does not imply that their respective owners approve the contents of the website. These third parties are and remain totally independent of Sanofi-aventis Groupe.
10.2 Photo credits
About us
Colin Hawlins/Getty Images; Peter Samuels/Getty Images; Han Lans/Getty Images; commerceandculturestock/ Getty Images; GettyImages/Caiaimage Paul Bradbury; Sanofi Pasteur/Gautam Dhimal; Hadynyah/Getty Images; Jupiterimages; Ronnie Kaufman/Larry Hirshowitz; Blend Images/KidStock; fstop123; sturti/Getty Images; Aaron Black/Getty Images; Imgorthand; Cultura RM Exclusive/Edwin Jimenez/Getty Images; Wundervisuals/Getty Images; Pekic/Getty Images; Portra/Getty Images; Geber86/Getty Images; PeopleImages.com/Ocean/Getty Images; JAG Images/Getty Images; PeopleImages/Getty Images; Pixelfit/iStock; Petar Chernaev/Getty Images; David Walters/iStock; Erickson/Jim Erickson/plainpicture; Geber86/iStock; freemixer/Getty Images; PIERRE-OLIVIER/Capa Pictures/SANOFI; Martin Puddy/Getty Images; Poba/iStock; Patrice Maurein; Sanofi; Franck Parisot; Alex Cretey Systermans; Peter Allan; Gil Lefauconnier; Céline Clanet; Peter Allan/Interlinks Image; iStock/D-Keine; iStock/filipefrazao; Istock/Halfpoint; Marizilda Cruppe; iStock/Steve Debenport
Science & innovation
Commerceandculturestock/Getty Images; Matej Kastelic/iStock; Maruzhenko Yaroslav/iStock; Denis ALLARD/REA; poba/Getty Images; CAPA Pictures; monkeybusinessimages/Getty Images; Patrick ALLARD/REA; Morsa Pictures; Sanofi Pasteur/Axelle Bernard; gpointstudio/iStock; Petar Chernaev/iStock; PeopleImages/iStock; Ridofranz/iStock; Sturti/iStock; Steve Debenport/iStock; franckreporter/Getty Images; Peter Allan; Rémi Duhamel/Image In; Getty Images; Vladimir Vladimirov/iStock; Pierre Olivier/CAPA pictures; Cecilie_Arcurs/iStock; iStock/NicoElNino
Our Responsibility
GettyImages / Caiaimage Paul Bradbury; Martin Puddy/Getty Images; Robru/iStock; HO/AFP Photo; iStock/FatCamera; Tang Ming Tung/Getty Images; Sanofi US; Joakimbkk/iStock; Franck Parisot; Nga Nguyen/Getty Images; commerceandculturestock/Getty Images; Rawpixel/Getty Images; iStock; Rémi Duhammel/Image In Production; PeopleImages.com/Ocean/Getty Images; FatCamera/Getty Images; Andrew Marinkovich/Getty Images; Paul Bradbury; iStock/Jedraszak; iStock/Simonkolton; iStock/Vikialis
Careers
Geber86/Getty images; poba/Getty Images; PIERRE-OLIVIER/Capa Pictures/SANOFI; Pekic/Getty Images; commerceandculturestock/ GettyImages; Petar Chernaev/Getty Images; PeopleImages/iStock; Sam Edwards/iStock; MStudioImages /iStock; Petar Chernaev; PeopleImages/GettyImages; Geoges Blonsky/CAPA Pictures
Investors
Morsa pictures; Denis ALLARD/REA; OJO Images/Getty Images; andresr/iStock; Patrice Maurein; Franck Parisot; kasto80/iStock; Christian Fleury;
PIERRE-OLIVIER/Capa Pictures/SANOFI; Randy Monceaux/Sanofi Pasteur; Patrick ALLARD/REA; CAPA Pictures; CELINE CLANET/Interlinks; poba/Getty Images; Geber86/Getty Images;
Petar Chernaev;
Steve Cole/iStock; Electra K.Vasileiadou u/iStock; Steve Cole/iStock
Updated on May 25, 2018
Follow us
Sanofi on Twitter
Sanofi TV on YouTube
Sanofi On LinkedIn
Sanofi on Instagram
Sanofi RSS feeds
© Sanofi 2004-2020 - All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.
Click here for more information on cookies
OK