http://www.hospicesect.org/help-and-give
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Mission and Values
The History of Hospice
Our History
who We Help
Stories & Voices
FAQs
Hospice Careers
Employment Opportunities
Additional Resources
Skilled Nursing Facilities
Local Hospitals
Additional Hospice Resources
Special Programs
Coming to the Senses
Expressive Arts Program
Life Review Program
Pet Therapy
Sentimental Journeys
We Honor Veterans
Social Media
Videos
Hospice & Palliative Care
Know the Difference
When is it time for Hospice?
Visiting Someone in Hospice Care
FAQs About How to Talk to Someone Who is Dying
For Hospice Care, Sooner is Better
How is hospice Funded?
Questions to Ask Your Hospice Provider
Hospice
Hospice Care
What is Hospice Care?
The Goals of Hospice Care
Hospice for Cancer Patients
Hospice for Alzheimer's/Dementia Patients
Pediatric Hospice
Hospice Requirements
The Fast Scale in Hospice
Transitioning in Hospice Care
What does Hospice cost?
Hospice Care Plans
Stages of Hospice Care
Feeding, Hydration, & Hospice Care
Does Hospice Resuscitate?
Can you receive Medical Treatment and Hospice Care?
Palliative
What is Palliative Care?
The Goals of Palliative Care
Palliative Care
Every Breath Matters
Heart to Heart
Services
Clinical Services
Counseling Services
Volunteer Services
Bereavement Services
In-Services Brochure
News & Events
News & Events
News
Events
Fundraise
Photo Galleries
Help & Give
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Levels of Support
Join The Circle
Opportunities for Businesses
Legacy Gifts
Volunteer
Support the Walk
Patients
When is it Time?
Benefits of Hospice
Team & Service Overview
Eligibility & Payment
Advance Care Plan
Stories & Voices
Special Programs
Notice of Privacy Practices
Caregiver
When is it Time?
Support & Services
Tips for Caregivers
Talking to Loved Ones
Talking to the Doctor
Helping Children Cope
Avoid Caregiver Burnout
Eligibility & Payment
Advance Care Plan
Stories & Voices
Special Programs
Notice of Privacy Practices
Community
How We Can Help
Volunteer Network
Skilled Nursing Facilities
We Honor Veterans
Advance Care Plan
Helping Children Cope
Helping the Family
Education Programs
Stories & Voices
Talking to the Doctor
Special Programs
Healing Garden
Medical/Professional
About Center for Hospice Care
Top 5 Reasons
Hospitals, SNFS & ALFS
Interdisciplinary Model
Face to Face (F2F) / Medicare & Medicaid Support
Clinical Education
How to Become a Hospice Nurse
Special Programs
Hospice Data
Contact Us
Donate
Fundraise
Bereavement Services
Employment
COVID-19 Resources
Help & Give
Make a Difference
We are a nonprofit hospice organization.
While our success and stability as a community resource are well established, we rely heavily on donations, grants, fundraising events, memorials, and assistance in many forms. Our mission moves forward in service of others because of this support. There are many ways to support Center for Hospice Care.
Direct donations
Annual Appeal contributions
Event support and sponsorship
3rd Party Fundraisers
Planned Gifts
Memorials & Tributes
Business Partnerships
How your support makes a difference
Your support helps us to be a true community hospice by:
Providing care to anyone who needs it and meets the qualifications, even if they are un-insured, under-insured, or unable to pay.
Providing bereavement counseling and services to anyone who needs, free of charge – even if their loved one was not in our care.  We are also unique in providing service to grieving children and teens, through our Expressive Arts program.
Caring for our patients in whatever setting they call home, including personal residences, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels, and shelters.
Working in interdisciplinary teams that coordinate care uniquely tailored to the needs of each patient and family.
Providing special care to veterans through our We Honor Veterans program.
Partnering with American Ambulance to grant patient wishes to revisit places or people with special meaning.
Providing special care to our patients – including Pet Therapy and complementary therapies including therapeutic massage, Reiki, reflexology, and energy work.
Direct donations
We accept direct contributions, which go to covering the gap for uninsured services.
Annual Appeal contributions
A gift of cash or appreciated securities can be made to our Annual Appeal. Some of these Gifts may be made in memory of a loved one.
Event support and sponsorship
Center for Hospice Care offers several well-established and successful events as opportunities for support and sponsorship.
Center for Hospice Care Regatta Series
This very popular series of July events involves sailors and friends who gather at their respective yacht clubs to sail, compete, and raise funds for Center for Hospice Care.
Clubs also host parties throughout the summer to raise funds for the agency. Over 700 sailors and friends participate in these events.
Tree of Life
A special tree lighting and reception held in December in the Healing Garden on the Center for Hospice Care campus
Memorial tribute for those who lost a loved one
Open to everyone
Donors “purchase a light” in memory of a loved one and their name is added to a displayed banner.  The tree stays up from mid-December through the end of January
Center for Hospice Care WALK
In May, a three-mile walk is held at Mohegan Park in Norwich.
Participants throughout New London County form teams or walk individually, often in memory of a loved one.
In the months prior to the wak, these walkers raise funds from their family, friends and neighbors. This is an uplifting event that takes place rain or shine. Over 350 walkers each year.
3rd Party Fundraisers
Many organizations support us by hosting an event in our name.
Concerts, auto shows, motorcycling events, fun runs and designated workdays are just a few examples.
These events elevate our visibility and our fundraising capabilities.
Planned Gifts
We assist in the development of Planned Gifts in many ways.
Examples: Wills, Life Insurance, Real Estate, IRA/Pension designation, Annuities/Trusts, and special programs such as Legacy Society.
Our practice is to start with a conversation with anyone interested in this form of giving, and we encourage direct contact with our Development Office.
Memorials & Tributes
A gift in memory of someone can also deliver strong measures of support. Some examples:
Designate us as the recipient of donations in honor of your loved one in lieu of flowers at a funeral.
Mark the passing of a family member, friend or colleague by making a gift in their name on their birthday or anniversary.
Business Partnerships
Many local businesses embrace us as their primary and direct charity.
Others engage with us in different forms of business/philanthropic support. Examples:
Event sponsorship. Significant exposure at a multitude of public and private events.
Host an event. Together, we can create an important event that connects people to our purpose.
In-Kind Gifts. Donations and contributions in services and other forms of support such as: Donating raffle or auction items, services, or equipment.
For more information or to discuss your fundraising ideas, please contact the Community Development office at 860.848.5699 or hhcahhospicenorwichinfo@hhchealth.org
Amazon Smile
When you shop at smile.amazon.com, you’ll find the exact same low prices, vast selection and convenient shopping experience as Amazon.com, with the added bonus that Amazon will donate a portion of the purchase price to your favorite charitable organization.
You will see eligible products marked “Eligible for AmazonSmile donation” on their product detail pages. Recurring Subscribe-and-Save purchases and subscription renewals are not currently eligible.
Shoppers may manually select Center for Hospice Care Southeast Connecticut as their beneficiary if they use smile.amazon.com to shop.
You may also want to add a bookmark to smile.amazon.com to make it even easier to return and start your shopping at AmazonSmile.
Annual Report
Click the following link to view our Annual Report.
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Levels of Support
Join The Circle
Opportunities for Businesses
Legacy Gifts
Volunteer
Support the Walk
Donate
Fundraise
Bereavement Services
Employment
Accreditations
Accreditations and Certifications:
860-848-5699