http://www.sjcg.net/accountability/web-privacy.aspx
---
Please Select a Sub Program/Service
---
Acquired Brain Injury
Adult Addiction Programs
Adult Rehabilitation
Ambulatory Care Clinics
Bethammi Nursing Home
Centre for Applied Health Research (CAHR)
Chiropody & Foot Care
Chronic Pain Management Program
Community Support Program
Diabetes Health Thunder Bay
Dual Diagnosis
Eating Disorders Programs
Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes (ECHO)
Education
Employer Support & Assessment Services
Employment Options Program
GAPPS Program
General Rehabilitation
Geriatric Assessment & Rehabilitative Care
Health, Safety & Risk
Hogarth Riverview Manor
Housing & Long-Term Care Community Support Programs
Hospice/Palliative Care
Hospital Elder Life Program
Human Resources (Careers)
Library
Manor House Adult Day Program
Medically Complex Services
Mental Health Outpatient Program
Northwestern Ontario Concurrent Disorders Program
Northwestern Ontario Peer Council
Older Adult Rehabilitation
Orthopedic Physiotherapy & Orthopedic Occupational Therapy Services
Outpatient Neurology Rehabilitation
Outpatient Rehabilitation
Outreach to Recovery
PR Cook Apartments
Problem Gambling & Behavioural Addictions Program
Psychiatric Consultation Clinic
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
RAI-MH
Regional Palliative Care Program
Research Services
Rheumatic Disease Program
Sister Leila Greco Apartments
Special Rehabilitation & Acquired Brain Injury
Spiritual Care
Supportive Housing
TBRHSC Rehabilitation Programs
Transition
Volunteer Services
Withdrawal Management Programs
Youth Addiction Programs
Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada
en français
Programs & Services
Careers & Volunteering
Research & Learning
Accountability
About SJCG
Accountability & Transparency
St. Joseph's Care Group - Website Privacy Statement
St. Joseph's Care Group, www.sjcg.net, has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting
your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and
dissemination practices for this website: www.sjcg.net. St. Joseph's
Care Group is committed to implementing the technology that gives you
the most secure online experience.
Information Collection and Use
St. Joseph's Care Group is the sole owner of the information collected
on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to
others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Security
This site
has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. Our data is stored in
password-controlled servers with strictly limited access within our
company. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific
job (for example, our information technology department) are granted
access to personally identifiable information. All employees are kept
up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as
well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified
and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy.
Links
This site
contains links to other sites. St. Joseph's Care Group is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects
personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies
solely to information collected by St. Joseph's Care Group.
Children's Guidelines
The St. Joseph's Care Group does not publish content that is targeted to children.
Notification of Changes
Changes to this Privacy Policy are indicated by the Last Updated Date
at the top of this page. If at any point we decide to use personally
identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the
time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users
will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in
this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the
privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contacting the website
St. Joseph's Care Group welcomes your questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
St. Joseph's Care Group
Director, Communications & Engagement
Box 3251,
35 Algoma St. N.
Thunder Bay, ON P7B 5G7
Tel: 807.768.4455
E-Mail: communications@tbh.net
-- Updated: July 12, 2018 --
Accountability
Accessibility
Accountability Agreements
Accreditation
Attestation (Consultant Use)
Best Practice Spotlight Organization (BPSO)
Client Privacy
Client Rights & Responsibilities
Client Satisfaction Survey Results
Compliments & Complaints
Conservation & Demand
Finances, Expense Rules & Reports
Freedom of Information & Protection of Privacy
Hand Hygiene
Outbreaks
Patient Safety Indicators
Salary & Executive Contracts
Seniors' Friendly
Tobacco Smoking
Quality Improvement Plan (QIP)
Your Healthcare Options
FAQ's
Client Privacy
Quality Improvement Plan (QIP)
Headlines
Date: 2020-12-10
What You Should Know Before Arriving for Your Appointment or Visit - St. Joseph's Care Group has implemented a number of measures at all our sites to help keep our clients and staff safe and well during the COVID-19 global pandemic. Restrictions can change with little notice, so, before arriving for your visit or appointment, please check our website to see if something may prevent you from entering one of our sites. [full story]
Date: 2020-12-07
Celebrating Maria Bilyk - Reaching 75 years of volunteering with an organization is an exceptional accomplishment, and as you’ll soon learn, Maria Bilyk is an exceptional person. Since 1945, Maria has volunteered with St. Joseph’s Care Group (SJCG) in a variety of roles, putting her leadership, compassion and faith to work in countless ways. [full story]
Date: 2020-12-04
SJCG President & CEO Retiring After 36 Years of Service - “In her 16 years as President
& CEO, Tracy Buckler has led St. Joseph’s Care Group through tremendous growth and change,” said Bishop Fred Colli, Chair of St. Joseph’s Care Group’s Board of Directors. [full story]
Date: 2020-11-25
SJCG Implements New Travel Restrictions at All Sites - Effective Thursday, November 26, 2020, new travel restrictions are being implemented at St. Joseph’s Care Group. Anyone who has travelled outside Northwestern Ontario within the past 14 days will not be permitted to enter St. Joseph’s Care Group sites. [full story]
more...
About SJCG | Contact SJCG | Employee Portal | Français | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Website Map
2020 © St. Joseph's Care Group - All rights reserved