https://www.nrs.com/privacy.asp
Skip to main content
NRS: Northwest River Supplies
Free standard shipping on us*
menu icon MENUSearch
My Account
| My Cart
AboutLearn
Community
Find a Dealer
877.677.4327|Customer Service
×close menu
MEN
WOMEN
LIFE JACKETS
WW KAYAKING
TOURING
SUP
RAFTING
CAMPING
FISHING
RESCUE
SALE
About UsCustomer Service877.677.4327
Find a DealerLearnCommunityGift Cards
Home >
Customer Service
Privacy and Security Policy
I. The NRS Commitment to Secure Online Shopping:
NRS understands your concerns about privacy. We have both electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard information you give us online. NRS uses Thawte to provide secure online communications by encrypting all data (including your payment information) transmitted to and from the NRS.com website.
II. Personal Information that NRS May Collect Online:
NRS collects and retains customer names, postal and email addresses, billing information, and phone and fax numbers for our own use.
III. How NRS Uses Your Personal Information:
The collection of customer names, postal and email addresses, billing information, and phone numbers is used for order processing and communication regarding your NRS order.
When you supply NRS with your email address, you may receive periodic mailings of the NRS electronic newsletter. We use NRS newsletter to notify you of special offers, tips, and new gear. If you would rather not receive this inside information, please use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email to manually unsubscribe or give us a call at 1.877.677.4327.
NRS takes your privacy seriously and will never sell or distribute your email address.
When you supply NRS with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings of the NRS printed catalog. From time to time NRS may share your name with other high-quality companies that we feel may match your adventurous spirit. If you would rather not receive our catalog or information from other paddlesports companies, please call 1.877.677.4327, write to NRS at 1638 South Blaine Street, Moscow, ID 83843, or email service@nrs.com and ask to be omitted.
We may work with a data provider to target advertising to you personally, through online and offline methods including email, display media, video media and direct mail. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or log in to websites or mobile applications. When you log in to or visit our website, your IP address or cookie information may be combined with other de-identified data(such as a hashed, non-readable email or postal address) in order to send ads and materials to you based on your preferences, interests and attributes. To opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA, at
aboutads.info and by the NAI.
IV. “Cookies” and Site Usage Tracking:
View our Cookie Policy
V. Children
NRS asks that children do not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian.
VI. Access to Personal Information
If you would like to update, review, or remove your personal information from the NRS database, please call 1.877.677.4327, write to NRS at 1638 South Blaine Street, Moscow, ID 83843, or email service@nrs.com and tell us what you would like us to do.
VII. Google Analytics
NRS uses a web analytical tool called Google Analytics to help manage our website. Google Analytics Privacy Policy
More Customer Service Pages
Ordering & Shipping
Payment Information
Sales Tax
Shipping Rates
Shipping Timelines
Oversize and Flammable Items
Backorders
International Orders
Returns
Hassle-Free Returns
Rock Solid Guarantee
NRS Repairs Department
Your Account
Create New Account
Account Log In
Update Your Account
Order History
Warranty Registration
Company
About Us
Jobs @ NRS
Customer Service
Dealer & Wholesale Sales
Catalogs
Catalog Opt Out
International
Privacy and Security
Cookie Policy
Affiliates
COVID-19 & NRS
Sign up for our newsletter:
Sign Up »
Stay up to date on new arrivals, email exclusives, sales and more.
By providing this information, you are opting to receive email communications from nrs.com and agreeing that you have read our privacy & cookie policies.
877.677.4327
Call us; we love to talk.
Send an Email
Drop a line and let us help.
Live Chat
Don’t like to wait? Let’s chat.
Find a Dealer
Locate our retail partners in your area.
Learn Center
How-to articles, helpful videos, checklist and more.
Gift Cards
Buy the gift that’s always welcome and always fits.
Company
About Us
Jobs @ NRS
Duct Tape Diaries Blog
Discount Programs
Catalogs
International
Affiliates
NRS Pro Deals
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping
Rock Solid Guarantee
Hassle-Free Returns
Repairs
My Account
Warranty Registration
Used
Visit NRS on Facebook
Visit NRS on Instagram
Visit NRS on YouTube
Visit NRS Films on Vimeo
© NRS
|
All Rights Reserved
|
Privacy & Security
| Cookie Policy