http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-loss/prevention
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
6
www.HealthyHearing.com
Illustration explaining how to know when it's too loud
While not all types of hearing loss are preventable, there are steps you can take to lower your risk of developing age-related hearing loss and/or noise-induced hearing loss. It's never too early—or too late—to begin wearing hearing protection around loud noises. And adopting a healthy lifestyle and following your doctor's advice can go a long way to protecting your hearing health.
7 lifestyle tips to help prevent hearing loss
Hearing loss prevention begins with healthy
habits like regular exercise.
Your inner ear contains delicate hair-like cells that are quite sensitive to changes in blood flow. If these cells are damaged, you experience hearing loss. The healthier you are overall, the better you can prevent hearing loss—or preserve the hearing you do have, if you already have hearing loss.
1. Manage your blood pressure and cardiac health
High blood pressure and heart disease can damage the fragile mechanisms that help you hear. If you have high cholesterol or blood pressure, follow your doctor's treatment orders to get it under control.
2. Stop smoking and vaping, and limit drinking
Studies definitively show that cigarette smoke—whether directly, secondhand, or even in utero—can have a big impact on a person's hearing health. Likewise with heavy alcohol use, which can create a toxic environment in the ear. Vaping and hearing loss isn't as well-studied, but there are anecdotal reports linking it to sudden hearing loss.
3. Keep diabetes under control
Research has shown that people with diabetes are twice as likely to have hearing loss. Just as with high blood pressure, diabetes can damage the cells in your inner ears. Keep your blood sugar under control and follow your doctor's orders for managing diabetes.
4. Exercise and practice stress reduction
What isn't exercise helpful for? Exercise improves blood flow and helps your body—and your ear health—in countless ways. Just be careful about loud music and incorrect weightlifting at the gym; both are linked to hearing damage. And because chronic high levels of stress aren't good for your hearing (or the rest of you), do what you can to keep stress levels under control.
5. Eat foods high in certain vitamins and minerals
Did you know that several vitamins, especially B12, are vital to good hearing? The same is true of minerals including potassium and magnesium. Iron-deficiency anemia is also linked to losing your hearing.
6. Know your family history
While knowing your family history won't directly prevent hearing loss, it will help you know if you're at elevated risk. Catching it early can reduce your risk of the negative impacts of hearing loss, such as cognitive decline, depression and social isolation.
7. Be aware of drugs that cause hearing loss
Hundreds of over-the-counter and prescription drugs are linked to hearing loss. These ototoxic drugs range from ordinary, over-the-counter medications like aspirin to chemotherapy drugs and IV antibiotics. In some cases, you may be able to take an alternative drug to reduce your risk of drug-related hearing loss.
Lower your risk of noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL)
Even if you're as healthy as an Olympian, you still risk hearing damage if you don't protect your hearing in noisy environments. Regardless of your age or your hearing status, it's always a good idea to protect your hearing when you're going to be exposed to loud sounds.
Common sources of NIHL
Noise-induced hearing loss can have many sources. Blasts, like gunfire or fireworks, can cause immediate hearing loss. Less explosive sounds, such as airplane engines, rock concerts, or even high-pitched dentist drills, still cause damage, just more slowly. Either way, the damage is almost always irreversible and cumulative.
One common source of hearing damage you might not even realize? Your earbuds and headphones, especially if you don't take the right precautions when you listen to music.
How can you protect your hearing?
Plan to use hearing protection like earmuffs and earplugs anytime you'll be immersed in loud sounds. (Gun enthusiasts should wear both!) Not only do you reduce your risk of hearing loss, you may also stave off tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. If you work in a noisy place—for example, at a hair salon with blow dryers constantly in use and music blaring in the background—find out if your employer offers noise protection, or bring your own. You'll thank us later!
How to know if it's too loud
Anything over 85 decibels can cause hearing loss. That's roughly equivalent to standing in city traffic or pushing a lawnmower. If you're out and about and have a smartphone, these apps can help you measure the sound around you. And the following guidelines are good to keep in mind:
If a situation feels too loud, it probably is. Beyond that, watch for these signs:
You need to raise your voice to be heard
You are unable to hear someone three feet away from you
Speech around you sounds muffled or dull after leaving a noisy place
You experience pain or ringing in your ears (tinnitus) after being in a noisy place
Get a hearing test
Preventing hearing loss means being proactive in your approach to hearing health. If you wouldn't hesitate to have your eyes or teeth checked, it is time to add regular hearing exams to your list of check-ups. If your test indicates you already have some hearing loss, you can begin taking action to prevent it from getting worse. If you need hearing aids, your hearing professional can discuss the best options for your hearing loss, lifestyle and budget.
Lifelong hearing health starts with you.
Pay attention to noise levels at work and at play. There's no need to stop enjoying the hobbies you love if you can take reasonable steps to protect your ears from noise.
If you need a baseline hearing test, or if you suspect you may already have some hearing loss, visit our extensive directory to find a dedicated hearing healthcare professional near you.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing loss / Prevention
Related topics
Symptoms Types Causes Tests Treatment Children Noise Middle ear infections
More information about
hearing aids, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Hearing loss in the workplace
Should you wear hearing aids all the time?
What is noise pollution?
All about OSHA's noise and hearing regulations
Protecting your hearing aids in the water
What is an audiologist?
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Children
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!