https://www.epilepsyqueensland.com.au/services/epilepsy-helpline
About Epilepsy
Epilepsy
What is Epilepsy?
Facts about Epilepsy
New Epilepsy Diagnosis
SUDEP
Glossary of Terms Explained
Frequently asked questions – FAQs
Seizure Types
What is a Seizure?
What are the Different Types of Seizures?
Febrile Seizures
Seizure First Aid
Epilepsy Management Plan
Emergency Management Plan
Seizure First Aid Resources
Seizure Smart September awareness tokens
First Aid for Seizures in Water
First Aid for Seizures in Chair
Status Epilepticus
Epilepsy Treatment
Epilepsy Medications
Epilepsy Surgery
Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) Therapy
Epilepsy Dietary Therapy
Medicinal Cannabis
Epilepsy Syndromes
Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Doose Syndrome
Dravet Syndrome
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy (JME)
Photosensitive Epilepsy
Other Epilepsy Syndromes
Functional Neurological Disorder
Living Well
Seizure Triggers
Epilepsy Risk Management
Documentation of Seizures
Aids and Equipment
Transport and Driving Guidelines
What to Take to Your Neurologist Appointment
Epilepsy and employment
For Children
For Teenagers
Women and Epilepsy
Epilepsy and Older People
Our Services
Information
Support
Epilepsy Support Groups
Advocacy
Education and Training
Epilepsy Workshops
Online Training
Online Learning Modules
Epilepsy Helpline
Seminars
NDIS
About the NDIS
EQI and the NDIS
NDIS Pre-planning Support
NDIS Resources
Assistive Technology (AT) Assessments
Children’s Program
Little Poss Club
Educational Resources
Epilepsy Smart Schools
Books
And Down Went Poss by Anne Little
Poss’s School Days by Anne Little
Lucy’s First Disco by Robin Adolphs
Out of the Shadows by Neil Cadigan and Wally Lewis
Research
The Australian Pregnancy Register
Get Involved
What’s On
Donate or Fundraise
Support our Christmas Appeal
Other Ways to Give and Make a Difference
Bequests
Corporate Partnerships
Workplace Giving
Play for Purpose Lottery
Become a Member
Membership Form
Purple Day
Purple Day Celebration and Illuminations
Our Retail Range
Pharmacies and Businesses
Schools
Purple Recipes
Volunteer
Online Shop
About Us
About Epilepsy Queensland
Mission, Goals and Values
Customer Service Charter
Our Strategic Priorities
Our Constitution
Our History
Quality Management System and Certification
Annual Reports
Government Funding
Our People
Our Patron – Wally Lewis
Our Board
Our Team
Careers at Epilepsy Queensland
Legal Status
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Feedback
News
Coronavirus and Epilepsy
Community Awareness
Latest news and information
Media Releases
Publications
Share Your Story
Personal Stories
Jeska’s Epilepsy Story
Jaz’s Epilepsy Story
Rhyannan’s Epilepsy Story
Roger’s Epilepsy Story
Subscribe
Contact Us
Our ServicesEpilepsy Helpline
Helpline
Available weekdays on 07 3435 5000 or 1300 852 853 (outside Brisbane) between 9 am- 4 pm AEST (Monday to Friday.)
What is the Epilepsy Queensland helpline?
The Epilepsy Queensland helpline is a phone service to support people living with epilepsy and their families, carers, and those that support them in health, education and disability support settings. Connect with one of our team members specially trained in epilepsy management at a time that is convenient for you.
How can you access it?
The Epilepsy Queensland Helpline hours are 9 am-4 pm (Monday – Friday) excluding public holidays.
Call 07 3435 5000 or 1300 852 853 (outside Brisbane) or email services@epilepsyqueensland.com.au.
If you urgently need to speak to someone regarding your epilepsy, please contact your GP or phone 000 for emergency medical assistance.
Access assistance
If you require assistance accessing our helpline, please find the phone numbers for some helpful services below.
Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) provides access to phone interpreting services in over 150 languages: call 131 450
The National Relay Service (NRS) is a government initiative that allows people who are deaf, hard of hearing and/or have a speech impairment to make and receive phone calls.
There are many relay call options under this scheme:
Voice relay service number: 1300 555 727
Text telephone (TTY) number: 133 677
SMS relay number: 0423 677 767
Click here to find the access option that best suits you
Click here for ALL NRS call numbers
Who will I be speaking with?
You will be speaking with one of our friendly and compassionate team members. Our multi-disciplinary team are from a range of professional backgrounds including nursing, counselling, health science and disability services. This combined expertise ensures that our team is equipped with the knowledge and skills to assist with a range of enquiries relating to epilepsy.
Some of these queries may be about:
Medications
Lifestyle factors- such as driving, playing sport or family planning
NDIS planning
Seizure and epilepsy management
First aid
Employment
..and much more.
At Epilepsy Queensland, we understand epilepsy as a neurological condition and are able to offer support and trustworthy information that is up-to-date and accurate.
We also understand that epilepsy can impact many areas of a person’s life as well as those close to them. To be understood and listened to confidentially can help support emotional and mental wellbeing for those impacted by epilepsy. You can expect to be treated with empathy, as well as dignity, respect and compassion with every phone call.
If your call warrants further assistance, we can put you in contact with relevant specialists or external services where possible.
Why do we offer a helpline service?
Our helpline can be a real life-line for those living in regional, rural and remote communities that may have limited access to support services or health professionals with specialist epilepsy training. Some people living with epilepsy may only see their neurologist once a year. Our helpline offers a point of contact for people to receive a more timely response to general epilepsy enquiries.
Grief counselling referrals
Grief is the normal process of reacting to a loss. The loss may be physical such as a death, social such as divorce, or occupational, such as a job or livelihood. Emotional reactions of grief can include anger, guilt, sadness, anxiety and despair.
If you are experiencing grief, you can contact Epilepsy Queensland or one of the contacts in the factsheets below.
Grief counselling referralsPDF, 542.44 KB