http://www.theayurvedicclinic.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Ayurvedic Clinic in London, UK
theayurvedicclinic@me.comFacebookTwitterLinkedinYouTube
Home ConsultationsDr Deepika Rodrigo Dr Wathsala Wijesinghe What to expect Fees
Ayurvedic TreatmentsFertility Treatments Skin Disorders Panchakarma Ayurvedic Marma Massage
Products About UsEvents Newsletters
TestimonialsVideo Testimonials Fertility Case Studies Skin Disorders Before/After Ayurvedic Treatment
What is AyurvedaAyurvedic definition of health Ayurveda & Diseases The Doshas The Srotas or Channels of Circulation Ayurvedic Herbal Medicine
Ayurveda Institute Contact us
Cookie Policy
About our Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
When you visit the Website we will ask you whether you agree to our use of cookies. You can indicate your acceptance of our use of cookies by clicking in the appropriate place on the banner that appears on the Website.
However, please note that if you do not click to accept but continue to browse the Website, you will be deemed to have accepted our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device (e.g computer or mobile phone) when you access a website. The text file is then sent back to our server each time your browser requests a page from the server.
This enables us to operate the Website more effectively and load the Website in such a way as to reflect your personal preferences based on your previous browsing on the Website, as well as keywords we are able to gather from URLs of webpages from which you accessed the Website.
Sometimes, we embed images or videos from third party websites. As a result, when you visit a page featuring such content, you be presented with cookies from these websites.
We do not control these cookies and cannot prevent these sites or domains from collecting information on your use of this content.
On some pages, we also feature embedded ‘Share’ buttons or widgets that enable you to share content with friends through a number of popular social networking sites (eg Google+1; Twitter; Facebook ‘Like’ etc). These sites set cookies which can identify you as an individual when you are also logged in to their services. We do not control these cookies and you should check the relevant third-party website to see how your information is used and how to opt out.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. This is to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs. It also helps us to understand how we can improve.
There are also cookies that store basic data on your interactions with WordPress, the CMS running this website.
How do I turn Cookies off?
If you would like to opt out of cookies, you can change the settings on your internet browser to reject cookies. You can set your web browser (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, etc) to reject all cookies; allow only ‘trusted’ sites to set them, or to accept cookies from websites only for the duration of your visit.
Your browser’s ‘Help’ option will tell you how. Please note that if you do set your browser to reject all or some cookies, you may not be able to use all or some parts of our Website.
For more information please consult the “Help” section of your browser or visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you have any questions or concerns about this, please email us at: theayurvedicclinic@me.com
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
For updates about the Clinc, Institute and ayurveda treatment for the symptoms of Covid -19,
Click here