https://www.samhealth.org/terms-of-use-and-privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Samaritan Health Services
The Samaritan Health Services Logo
Home
Terms of Use & Privacy Statement
Back to Home
Print
Terms of Use & Privacy Statement
Welcome to the Samaritan Health Services website ("Site") on the World Wide Web, aka Internet. Please review these Site Terms of Use, which govern your use of our Site. By accessing, browsing, or using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, and understand these Terms of Use, and you agree to be unconditionally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you may not use this Site.
Site Contents, Ownership & Use Restrictions Unless otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Site including all images, illustrations, designs, photographs, video clips, text, icons, designs and written, and other materials that appear on the Site are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed (all of which, collectively, are herein referred to as the “Contents") by Samaritan Health Services or its affiliates or are the property of their respective owners and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and conventions.
The collection and compilation of the contents of the Site are separately protected and copyrighted works that are owned exclusively by Samaritan Health Services. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with any of the Contents on the Site.
Accessing the Site does not authorize users to use any name, logo, trademark or service mark in any manner. Permission is granted to display, download and print in hard copy format other Contents of this Site solely for the purposes of using this Site as an internal or personal business resource, and none of the Contents may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted electronically or mechanically, transmitted, recorded, in any manner mirrored, photocopied or reproduced without the prior written permission of Samaritan Health Services or the applicable owner.
Please note that the permission granted herein terminates automatically if you breach any of these Site Terms of Use. Any other use of the Contents on this Site including reproduction for purposes other than as noted above, and including any reproduction, modification, distribution or republication may violate copyright or trademark laws, and, without the prior written permission of Samaritan Health Services, is strictly prohibited. Samaritan Health Services and its affiliates and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights, which are not expressly granted in these Terms of Use.
Links to Other Websites Links to other websites from our Site are provided solely for your convenience. Samaritan Health Services is not responsible for the content of any other sites, nor does Samaritan Health Services make any representations about the content or accuracy of material on any other sites.
Please be aware that, when you click on links that take you to external websites, you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices and not ours. We strongly encourage you to read their privacy policies and practices to determine if they differ from those utilized on our Site.
Site Security Users of our Site are strictly prohibited from violating or trying to violate the security features of the Site, such as by (1) accessing data not intended for that user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (2) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures unless we expressly authorize that user to do so in writing; (3) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, such as by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding,” "spamming” or any other form of Denial of Service; (4) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (5) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
We will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. By using the Site, you hereby agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or try to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You further agree not to use or try to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including browsers, ”bots”, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Site other than the search engine and search agents which we make available on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers like Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Disclaimer of Warranty SAMARITAN HEALTH SERVICES IS PROVIDING THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SITE OR ITS OPERATION OR CONTENT. ALTHOUGH SAMARITAN HEALTH SERVICES BELIEVES THE CONTENT TO BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE AND CURRENT, SAMARITAN HEALTH SERVICES DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE ON THIS SITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT.
Limitation of Liability In no event shall Samaritan Health Services or any of its employees, directors, officers, agents, suppliers or third party service providers be liable to you or any other person for special, indirect, exemplary, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to, loss of use, data, profits or goodwill, business interruption, or computer failure or malfunction, without regard to the form of any action, including but not limited to contract, strict liability, negligence, or other tortuous actions, all arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, copying, or display of the contents of this site. Nothing contained herein shall constitute medical treatment, care or advice. Any medical concern should be discussed with your health care provider.
Information Submissions Provided by You You agree that any material, information, and ideas that you transmit to this Site or otherwise provide to Samaritan Health Services ("Transmissions") shall be and remain Samaritan Health Services’ property and you hereby assign all of your rights in such Transmissions, including any copyrights, to Samaritan Health Services in perpetuity throughout the world for any and all present or future uses in any and all languages, for no compensation.
Communications via our patient portal, and SHS secure mail are treated confidentially. All other Transmissions will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and Samaritan Health Services shall be under no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, make derivative works from, use, disclose and distribute the Transmissions to others without limitation. Additionally, Samaritan Health Services shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing or marketing products incorporating such information.
In addition, you agree, and are hereby put on notice, that you are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, deceptive, defamatory, inflammatory, pornographic, invasive, harassing, or profane material or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under law. You are solely responsible for the content of any comments you make.
If you wish to have your Transmissions removed from the Site, or to have your information removed from our contact list, please contact Samaritan Health Services’ Marketing and Public Relations Department 541-768-4752.
Terms of Use Revisions Samaritan Health Services reserves the right to revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting without prior notice. You agree that in the event any portion of these Terms of Use are found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect and the otherwise unenforceable portion shall be amended so as to be enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use by which you are bound.
Information Collection Samaritan Health Services automatically collects some information in order to personalize our website for you. This may include data such as GeoIP information , browser type, operating system and cookies.
We collect personal identifying information, such as names and email addresses, on our SamHealth contact form. We may ask for additional information on our other forms, such as our Medical Gateway, Smart Exam, medical reference, online events registration, and newsletter subscription forms. We track responses to help us gauge interest. We utilize third parties to assist us. We do not solicit personal medical information via these forms beyond asking visitors to identify the general topic they are interested in. Our patient portal, My Chart, may request further information from our patients, including personal medical issues. Emailed requests and inquiries are passed to the appropriate Samaritan Health Services personnel, who may retain records in the ordinary course of business. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all, including children’s privacy and do not intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are younger than 13, please ask a parent or guardian for help in accessing and using the Site. We use Google Universal Analytics’ Demographics and Interest Reporting so that we understand our site’s visitors better. For more information, visit Google Universal Analytics. You may also opt-out of Google Universal Analytics. We use Google Analytics to collect and process data. How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps. To fight spam and abuse on our website, we have implemented reCAPTCHA v3 which use is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. reCAPTCHA collects hardware and software information and sends it to Google for analysis. This information is used for improving reCAPTCHA and for general security purposes. reCAPTCHA is not used for any other purposes such as determining credit worthiness, employment eligibility, financial status, or insurability of a user. It is not used for personalizing advertising by Google. We use third parties, including Facebook, that may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from your websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. Users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting. Learn more information on Facebook privacy and cookie policies. You can also exercise your digital advertising choice more broadly.
Cookies "Cookies” are routinely used by entities engaged in e-commerce, including Samaritan Health Services. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s hard drive through the web browser program containing information about the user which enables us to track and personalize the Site to enhance your online experience. You can avoid cookies by configuring your browser to reject them or at least notify you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. Samaritan Health Services uses a third party to collect and analyze this information. However, we do not sell or rent the information to any third party. We use technologies, such as cookies, to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic to the site. We also share information about your use of our site with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Log Files Like most other online entities, Samaritan Health Services collects technical information from a user’s computer when that user requests a web page while visiting the Site. The information tells Samaritan Health Services the user’s internet protocol address, type of browser, the address of any linking website, and other technical information. Samaritan Health Services uses a third party to collect and analyze this information. However, we do not sell or rent the information to any third party.
Consent By using our Site, you agree to the Terms of Use and conditions set forth in this Privacy and Security Statement including all limitations of liability and disclaimers of warranty provisions which are an integral part of these statements. We reserve the right to revise this Privacy and Security Statement or the Terms of Use at any time by updating these postings without prior notice. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions in effect at the time of use and should therefore periodically visit this page and the Terms of Use page to determine the then current policies applicable to users of the Site.
×
Not Available YetSuccess!
Video Transcript
Close
×
You are leaving Samaritan Health Services
You are leaving the Samaritan Health Services website.
Close
Leave Site