https://www.glnc.org.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
The Australian Government introduced legislation that came into force on 21st December 2001 to protect the privacy of individuals. This legislation comprises 10 national Privacy Principles that apply to private sector organisations. You can find out more about these principles by calling the Office of the Privacy Commissioner on 1300 363 992 or through their website at www.privacy.gov.au.  The Grains & Legumes Nutrition Council respects and upholds your rights to privacy protection under the National Privacy Principles in regulating how we collect, use, disclose and hold your personal information. Your personal information is only collected when you either subscribe to our E-News, request brochures or fill out the contact us online form. This information will be kept on record so that we may respond to your comment or request. This information will not be passed to any third party organisation. This information may be used for evaluation purposes, but you may choose to opt out of receiving any further communications in the future if you wish. Should you have any queries, contact our Privacy Officer at contactus@glnc.org.au
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Blog
Search for:
Search
Stay in Touch with the Latest Nutritional News!
Pin It on Pinterest
Stay up to date with the latest in nutrition, plus tips, recipes and a whole lot more.
First Name Last Name Field of work Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toBA Newsletter Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Grains & Legumes Nutrition Council. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Grains & Legumes Nutrition Council, 1 Rivett Road, North Ryde, 2113, https://www.glnc.org.au. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Stay up to date with the latest in nutrition, plus tips, recipes and a whole lot more.
First Name Last Name Field of work Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toBA Newsletter Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Grains & Legumes Nutrition Council. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Grains & Legumes Nutrition Council, 1 Rivett Road, North Ryde, 2113, https://www.glnc.org.au. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact