http://www.epiweb.org/privacy/
HomeAbout
Contact
Privacy
Menu
Epi Web SEO
Privacy
Privacy Policy:
epiweb.org ("Epiweb")
operates epiweb.org and may operate other websites. It
is epiweb's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Epiweb collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. epiweb's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how epiweb's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Epiweb may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Epiweb also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on epiweb.org
blogs/sites. Epiweb only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to epiweb's websites choose to interact
with Epiweb in ways that require Epiweb to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Epiweb gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at epiweb.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Epiweb are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Epiweb collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Epiweb. Epiweb does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Epiweb may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Epiweb may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Epiweb does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Epiweb discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on epiweb's behalf or to provide services available
at epiweb's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using epiweb's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Epiweb will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Epiweb discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Epiweb believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Epiweb, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Epiweb website and have supplied your email address, Epiweb
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Epiweb and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Epiweb takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Epiweb uses cookies to
help Epiweb identify and track visitors, their usage of Epiweb
website, and their website access preferences. Epiweb visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using epiweb's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of epiweb's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Epiweb, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Epiweb goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Epiweb may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Epiweb and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Epiweb may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in epiweb's sole
discretion. Epiweb encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a epiweb.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Categories
Beaverton SEO
Buy Quality Backlinks
Digital Marketing Agency Phoenix
dinburgh SEO Firm
Excelsior Internet Marketing
Florida SEO
Fusionex
Houston SEO
Marketing Content Firm
Online Marketing Manager
Phoenix Web Design
PPC Management Company
SEO
SEO Auckland Agency
SEO Greenville SC
SEO Malaysia
SEO Manchester
SEO Nepal Contractor
SEO Vancouver
Suchhafen SEO Agency
Vancouver SEO Company
Web Design
Web Design Brisbane
Web Design San Francisco
TagsBeaverton SEO
dinburgh SEO Firm
Florida SEO
Houston SEO
Marketing Content Firm
online marketing
online marketing manager
phoenixwebdesign
ppc management
ppc management company
seo
SEO Greenville SC
SEO Manchester
SEO Nepal Contractor
seo skills
SEO Vancouver
Serp Slayer
Vancouver SEO Company
Web Design
Web Design Brisbane
webdesignphoenix
Web Design San Francisco
youtube documentary
Copyright © 2020 Epi Web SEO