https://www.beateatingdisorders.org.uk/terms-conditions
×
Modal title
Modal Content
Cancel
Ok
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here.
Continue
Coronavirus
The Sanctuary
Your Health and Treatment
Food, Exercise and Shopping
Routine and Socialising
Body Image Concerns and Social Media
Recovery and Setbacks
Coping with Change and Anxiety
Difficult Emotions
Public Health Advice
BLAST Advice
Coronavirus and Supporting Someone
Your Stories About Coronavirus
Coronavirus News
Emergency Appeal
Types of Eating Disorder
Do I Have an Eating Disorder?
Anorexia Nervosa
Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID)
Binge Eating Disorder
Bulimia Nervosa
OSFED
Other Eating and Feeding Problems
Glossary of Eating Disorder Terms
Recovery
Help and Treatment
Early Intervention
Do Men Get Eating Disorders?
Eating Disorder Myths
Going to the Doctor
How to Tell Someone You Have an Eating Disorder
Eating Disorders and Exams
Supporting Someone at Exam Time
Dangers of Pro-Ana & Pro-Mia
Supporting Someone
Worried About a Loved One
Worried About a Pupil
Worried About an Employee
Tips for Supporting Somebody
Your Role in Treatment
States of Change
Carers Skills Workshops
Beat's Services for Carers
Support for Carers
Support Services
Support at Christmas
Support For Myself
I'm Supporting Someone
Helplines
Chat Rooms
Message Boards
HelpFinder
Overturning Bad Decisions
Downloads & Resources
Get Involved
Support People this Chistmas
Fundraise
Do Your Own Fundraising
Runs, Treks, and Challenges
Campaign
Volunteer
Universities
Eating Disorders Awareness Week
Training & CPD
Healthcare Professionals
Parents & Carers
School Staff
University Staff
Eating Disorders International Conference
Online Training Portal
Professional Publications
Your Stories
Writing a Blog Post for Beat
Support Us
Helpline
0808 801 0677
Youthline
0808 801 0711
Studentline
0808 801 0811
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
1.0 Terms of website use
This terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.beateatingdisorders.org.uk (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
2.0 Other applicable terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you purchase goods from our site, our Terms and conditions of supply, see below will apply to the sales.
3.0 Information about us
www.beateatingdisorders.org.uk is a site operated by Beat ("We"). Beat is a charity registered in England and Wales (801343) and Scotland (SC039309). Beat became our working name in February 2007.
Our legally registered charity name is: Beat (Formerly Eating Disorders Association). Beat is a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales under number 2368495, with registered offices at Unit 1, 19 Rosary Road, Norwich NR1 1SZ. VAT Number: 700 285963.
4.0 Changes to these terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
5.0 Changes to our site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
6.0 Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
7.0 Your account and password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user name or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at info@beateatingdisorders.org.uk.
8.0 Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any pages from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation if relevant to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
9.0 No reliance on information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
10.0 Limitation of our liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site,
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; business interruption; loss of anticipated savings;loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by use to you, which will be set out in our Terms and conditions of supply see below.
11.0 Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our [rules for using online services].
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of the Site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in Online services - ground rules.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
12.0 HelpFinder search users
By using the HelpFinder directory, whether or not you make any engagement with any professional listed on HelpFinder, means that you have understood and accepted these Terms. You accept that the HelpFinder and all information published on it is purely a directory of individuals and organisations who support people affected by eating disorders, published for information to the public and does not in any way constitute a reference, validation or in any way an endorsement of any information to you, the HelpFinder user. An entry does not mean HelpFinder endorses the qualifications or professionalism of the Subscriber. You accept that the HelpFinder listing information is provided by the Subscriber to HelpFinder. Whilst we will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that this information is correct and up to date at the time the liability for providing accurate listing information remains on the Subscriber to HelpFinder and we specifically and expressly do not accept any liability for the accuracy of the HelpFinder information. You accept that it is your duty to verify the HelpFinder listing before relying on it. You further accept that we shall bear no liability or responsibility for service provided by any Subscriber or actions taken by you as a result of that service. The information displayed by HelpFinder on our site is a directory for information only. It is not intended in any way to be a substitute for medical advice or the advice of any other healthcare professional. HelpFinder is not responsible for any decisions or diagnoses which might claim to come by based upon any content published on HelpFinder. You agree that HelpFinder is provided for personal use only for those wishing to engage the services of a Subscriber. You expressly agree that you will not sell or trade in any information on HelpFinder or re-distribute these in any way or for any purpose including the compiling of any databases, lists or directories or providing commercial information to any third party or any commercial or other reason. Complaints Procedure Notwithstanding that you accept that HelpFinder has not validated, endorsed or accepted liability for the HelpFinder listing, if you have any matters which you would wish to bring to us following your contact with any of the Subscribers, these may be put forward to us. You also understand that, should we receive any complaint from you, we are entitled to request further information from you, but are not under any obligation to investigate further or to take any particular action, or at all, against the particular Subscriber. We shall have the right to send a copy of any complaint to the Subscriber concerned, and have the right to remove a Subscriber.
13.0 Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-ofservice attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
14.0 Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Online services - ground rules. If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us.
15.0 Third party links and resources on our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
16.0 Applicable law
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English Iaw. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
17.0 Trade marks
Beat and Sock it to Eating Disorders are UK registered trade marks of the Eating Disorders Association.
18.0 Website terms and conditions of supply
These Terms of supply will apply to any Contract between us for the sale of HelpFinder listings and/or event registrations to you. Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them, before buying a HelpFinder listing or registering for an event on our site. Please note that before placing an order you will be asked to agree to these Terms. If you refuse to accept these Terms, you will not be able to buy HelpFinder listings or register for events from our site. You should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computer for future reference. We amend these Terms from time to time. Every time you wish to buy a HelpFinder listing or register for an event, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the terms which will apply at that time. These Terms, and any Contract between us, are only in the English language.
If you are a consumer, you may only purchase Products from our site if you are at least 18 years old.
If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use our site to purchase Products.
These Terms and our Privacy Policy, and Online services - ground rules constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersedes and extinguishes all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between us, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter.
You acknowledge that in entering into this Contract you do not rely on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in these Terms or our Privacy Policy and Online services - ground rules  You and we agree that neither of us shall have any claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation [or negligent misstatement] based on any statement in this Contract.
18.1 How the Contract is formed between you and us
Our transaction pages will guide you through the steps you need to take to place an order with us. Our order process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your order to us. Please take the time to read and check your order at each page of the order process. After you place an order, you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we have received your order. However, please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted.  We will confirm our acceptance to you by sending you an email. The Contract between us will only be formed when we send you this email.
18.2 Our right to vary these terms
We amend these Terms from time to time.  Every time you buy a HelpFinder listing or register for an event with us, the Terms in force at the time of your order will apply to the Contract between you and us. We may revise these Terms as they apply to your order from time to time to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements. Ifwe have to revise these Terms as they apply to your order, we will contact you to give you reasonable advance notice of the changes and let you know how to cancel the Contract if you are not happy with the changes.
18.3 HelpFinder
You and Beat accept that HelpFinder is purely a directory of individuals and organisations who support people affected by eating disorders, published for information to the public and does not in any way constitute a reference, validation or endorsement of you, the HelpFinder Subscriber or your business.
In order to subscribe to HelpFinder, you must provide your up to date name, address, telephone number, email address, training, qualifications, experience and areas of specialism. By providing this information, You are agreeing that it can be made available to the public via HelpFinder, that it is up to date and correct, and that you will continue to monitor it and keep it up to date and correct.
You agree that all the information you provide on your listing, such as qualifications is genuine and can be supported by proof.
HelpFinder listings run over a 12 month period. You agree to pay the HelpFinder listing fees in accordance with the stated rates, as set out on the HelpFinder website at the time you submit your order. Prices for HelpFinder listings may change from time to time, but changes will not affect any order you have already placed. Revised fee rates will be applied on renewal of your listing, not during your 12 month listing term. You can only pay for HelpFinder listings online using a debit card or credit card. Offline you can buy HelpFinder listings by cheque, invoice and debit or credit card.
Cancellation within 10 working days of submitting your listing will attract an administration fee of 20% of the full transaction value. Cancellations after 10 working days will not be eligible for a refund. If your application to join HelpFinder is unsuccessful, your payment will be fully refunded. HelpFinder will terminate any listing if payment is not made. If your listing is removed from HelpFinder you will not be eligible for a refund in full or in part.
In the event HelpFinder receives any complaint by a HelpFinder user, which, upon reasonable enquiries appears in HelpFinder's sole discretion to be genuine, HelpFinder may refer the matter to you for your input, or may without reference to you, remove your HelpFinder listing.
In the event HelpFinder is notified that you have not updated and properly monitored your HelpFinder information appropriately under these Terms, HelpFinder may, in its sole discretion, remove your HelpFinder listing.
HelpFinder may also remove your information without notice, if it is notified that the information you have provided is false, misleading or out of date. In such an instance you will be informed within five working days.
HelpFinder is not responsible for any content or information published, or links to other website which may appear on HelpFinder.
You expressly agree that you will not sell or trade in any information on HelpFinder or re-distribute these in any way or for any purpose including the compiling of any databases, lists or directories or providing commercial information to any third party or any commercial or other reason.
HelpFinder expressly excludes all responsibility and liability for the accuracy or otherwise of the HelpFinder listing and shall have no liability whatsoever in the event that a HelpFinder user shall claim to be misinformed or suffer any loss or costs or hardship as a result of relying on acting upon the information provided by you and appearing on HelpFinder.
Notwithstanding the generality of the above clause, we shall specifically not be responsible for the accuracy or otherwise of the HelpFinder listing, the updating of your information or the content in any way. This shall at all times remain your liability.
We shall not be liable for any interruption or temporary or otherwise shut down of our site or any omissions, interruptions, suspension or deletion of any files or HelpFinder listing (in full or in part). Furthermore we shall not be liable in any way for any indirect or consequential loss resulting from your HelpFinder listing published on HelpFinder.
HelpFinder does not guarantee the security of any HelpFinder information or any other information transmitted over the Internet pursuant to your subscription.
Beat and HelpFinder does not guarantee that subscriptions will result in referrals to you.
18.4 Events registration
Cancellations of event registration by you will attract an administration fee of 20% of the full transaction value. Cancellations within 28 days of the event will not be eligible for a refund, however another delegate may be substituted. Failure to attend on the day for any reason will not qualify for a refund. If an event is cancelled due to circumstances beyond our control an alternative date will be offered or a refund. You agree to pay the event registration fee in accordance with the stated rates, as set out on www.beateatingdisorders.org.uk at the time you submit your order. You can pay by cheque, invoice or credit or debit card.  If paying by cheque, please make cheques payable to ‘Beat’ and send to: Beat, Unit 1 Chalk Hill House, 19 Rosary Road, Norwich, NR1 1SZ. Upon receipt of your cheque we will send you full joining instructions. If paying by invoice please send us a Purchase Order form detailing the event title, event date, delegate name(s), and total cost.  If you do not have a Purchase Order system then please send us the above details on your organisation’s headed paper with the signature of an authorising manager. Please send either an electronic copy to accounts@beateatingdisorders.org.uk or a hardcopy to Accounts, Beat, Unit 1 Chalk Hill House, 19 Rosary Road, Norwich, NR1 1SZ. Upon receipt of your Purchase Order we will send you an invoice and send the delegates full joining instructions.
18.5 Other important terms
We may transfer our rights and obligations under a Contract to another organisation, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these Terms.
You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if we agree in writing.
This Contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any Iater default by you.
If you are a consumer, please note that these Terms are governed by English law. This means a Contract for the purchase of Products through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, a Contract and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
If you are a business, we both irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with a Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
19.0 Contact us
To contact us, please use this form.