http://www.eamc.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
At East Alabama Medical Center (EAMC) we understand that health is a very personal, private subject. We therefore are committed to protecting the privacy and security of all visitors to our website. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect, how it is used and what your choices are. Please read this policy carefully. EAMC patients should also review our HIPAA Privacy Notice.
1. EAMC keeps private any information we collect through our website and email. We keep confidential any personal information that you provide to us. This information includes your name, postal and email addresses, telephone number and other information you share with us. The personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, and only authorized personnel are able to access it. We use your data only to provide the information or services you request, answer your questions and determine what information we should develop next for the website.
2. We do not use cookies or other technologies to track identifiable information about users. We do not use cookies — a small line of text stored with your web browser to help sites identify users or preferences — on our site. If EAMC begins to use cookies, we will let you know. Our computer system is not configured to track, collect or distribute personal or identifiable information about the people who visit our site. We do not automatically gather individual names, email addresses or other individually identifiable information.
3. We do collect information about you in various places when you visit our website. We collect general information about what pages on our site you visited and for how long for record-keeping purposes.
4. We do generate reports using certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is used to monitor what the public likes and doesn’t like about what we offer on our site and may be used by technical support staff to provide better services for our visitors. However, these statistics do not contain any personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
5. Securing your information. Securing your personal information is important to us. Therefore, we have taken necessary steps to ensure that your information is secure. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. We help prevent unauthorized access by requiring user login through a secure firewall and security infrastructure to protect the privacy of personal information submitted through our site.
6. Please note, that for encryption to work, your browser must be Netscape or Internet Explorer version 4.0 or higher.
7. Sending email directly to an email address found on the EAMC website is not secured. Unsecured information transferred over the internet is similar to a postcard sent through the mail. Your personal information can be seen on computers transferring data from your computer to EAMC. We recommend that you do not send sensitive personal health information to EAMC or anyone else using unsecured means. Should you choose to supply information in this manner, you do so at your own risk.
8. Websites this policy applies to. This privacy policy applies only to the East Alabama Medical Center website. The EAMC site does contain links to other sites. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to sites that EAMC links to. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on any other sites before providing personal information
9. Age Policy. Our site may have information that children may find useful and informative. However, if you are younger than 13 years old, we encourage you to get your parent’s or guardian’s permission before using our site.
10. If you are under 13 years old, you should not submit information to this site. Your parent or guardian can submit the information on your behalf.
11. Your consent. By using the EAMC website, you agree to the acceptance of this privacy policy. We may occasionally need to make changes to the policy to reflect changes in our site and address new issues. Changes will be posted here, so please refer to this policy regularly.