https://www.absoluteqi.com/privacy-policy/
Absolute Qi Acupuncture
Our Difference
Prospective Patients
Insurance Choosing an Acupuncturist Why Acupuncture ? How Does Acupuncture Help with Pain ? Your First Visit Trigger Point Acupuncture Testimonials Acupuncture for Infertility and IVF Clinic Hours
Acupuncture Info
Videos What Does Acupuncture Treat?
Plantar Fasciitis and Acupuncture
What Does Acupuncture Not Treat A Western Explanation of Acupuncture How Does Acupuncture Help with Pain ? Acupuncture Licensing and Education Acupuncture Needles Acupuncture Safety
Services
Dry Needling Trigger Point Acupuncture Chinese Herbal Medicine Cupping
About Us
The Staff The Clinic News Acupuncturist Testimonials Privacy Policy Contact
Blog
732-227-9991
Our Difference
Prospective Patients
Insurance
Choosing an Acupuncturist
Why Acupuncture ?
How Does Acupuncture Help with Pain ?
Your First Visit
Trigger Point Acupuncture
Testimonials
Acupuncture for Infertility and IVF
Clinic Hours
Acupuncture Info
Videos
What Does Acupuncture Treat?
Plantar Fasciitis and Acupuncture
What Does Acupuncture Not Treat
A Western Explanation of Acupuncture
How Does Acupuncture Help with Pain ?
Acupuncture Licensing and Education
Acupuncture Needles
Acupuncture Safety
Services
Dry Needling
Trigger Point Acupuncture
Chinese Herbal Medicine
Cupping
About Us
The Staff
The Clinic
News
Acupuncturist Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Contact
Blog
732-227-9991
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Our website does not share personal information with third parties nor do we store any information about your visit to this site other than to analyze and optimize your content and reading experience through the use of cookies.
No Personally Identifiable information (PII) is stored for visitors to our web site..
We use Google Analytics for aggregated site statistics and Google Adwords for advertising.
You can turn off the use of cookies at anytime by changing your specific browser settings.
Although there are no HIPPA concerns for our website, we do strictly follow HIPPA regulations with your medical information in our office.
We have no COPPA concerns as we collect no information from children and out site is not directed towards children.
We are not responsible for republished content from this site on other sites or websites without our permission.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice and was last updated on March 8, 2018
If you have any questions feel free to contact me from my contact page.
© 2020 Absolute Qi Acupuncture and Wellness Center. All rights reserved.