https://www.lewisdrug.com/privacy-policy
Get the latest offers and updates from Lewis.
Sign up to receive email alerts on Lewis weekly ads, coupons, in-store events and more.
Leave this field blank
Sign Up
Newsletter Signup
×
Privacy Policy
/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 10/16/2015 - See our Use of Cookies Section for more details
This document sets forth the Lewis Drug Online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") for this Web site, www.LewisDrug.com (the "Site"). If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site. This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities.
Changes in Privacy Policy All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. Lewis Drug reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of material changes on the privacy policy page of the Site. If as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which Lewis Drug is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described below in the section titled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after such notice has been posted for thirty (30) days with the following exception: If at the time you provide personal information to Lewis Drug you are given the opportunity (as you currently are) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Lewis Drug or by third parties, Lewis Drug will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if Lewis Drug sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Lewis Drug (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, Lewis Drug may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.
Entities collecting personal information Personal information on this Site is collected by Lewis. Lewis’ corporate address is 2701 S. Minnesota Avenue, Sioux Falls, SD 57105 and its telephone number is (605) 367-2800.
The Site may contain links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Collection of personal information As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as joining our online preferred customer list or refilling a prescription, Lewis may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, Lewis may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
When you use the Site, Lewis or third parties authorized by Lewis may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. Lewis also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.
When you submit personal information to Lewis through this Site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which Lewis and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including, without limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of Lewis. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible and the pages are being hosted by a vendor of Lewis.
Lewisdrug.com also collects information about visitors’ experiences on the website and statistical performance of the website—including number of pages visited, frequency of visitors to the site, general location information, etc. though the use of Google Analytics. Additionally, the website collects demographic information including age, gender, interests and other information about users as a whole. This information cannot be used to identify a single individual on the site and, instead, is used as a way for Lewis Drug to understand how visitors are using and interacting with the site so they may provide more usable and beneficial online experiences in the future.
How your personal information is used Lewis collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you subscribe to our preferred customer mailing list, for example, the information is used to contact you in the event of sales and other special promotions. Your personal information is also used to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Lewis and selected third parties if you have so opted to receive such communications.
Lewis may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Lewis Drug may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
Your choices with respect to personal information Lewis recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent, Lewis will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Lewis, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Lewis will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.
There are other instances in which Lewis may divulge your personal information. Lewis may provide your personal information if necessary, in Lewis’ good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of Lewis or others.
Protection of your personal information The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of LewisDrug.com is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on a secure server that only selected Lewis personnel and contractors have access to via password. Lewis Drug encrypts your personal information and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to Lewis.
Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on a secure server and is only accessible to selected Lewis personnel and contractors via password. Since this information is not accessible by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.
Use of cookies When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, and enables Lewis Drug to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
While Lewis uses cookies to track your visit to LewisDrug.com, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, Lewis Drug does not generally use this information to identify you personally. However, if you expressly provide consent for LewisDrug.com to "remember" the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the site, that unique identifier will be stored on a cookie on your computer, linked to your registration information, and your navigation path around the site will be tracked. We associate this data to understand how our site and services are being used so we can understand our customers and offer appropriate products and services.
Updating your personal information and privacy preferences You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information, this may be accomplished by linking to your account at Edit Your Account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Lewis Drug or third parties) by writing or calling Lewis at:
LewisAttn: Privacy Officer/Customer Information2701 S. Minnesota AvenueSioux Falls, SD 57105USATelephone number (605) 367-2800
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us. No specific form is required to notify Lewis of changes to your address or privacy preferences.
Privacy-related inquiries and complaintsLewis takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Lewis has not complied with this Online Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to the Lewis Privacy Officer at the address indicated above.
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Lewis Online Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.
Please note that if you provide Lewis with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Lewis cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.
Also, please note that Lewis is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Lewis Web sites to which this Site or any other Lewis Web site may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.
Get the latest offers and updates from Lewis.
Leave this field blank
Sign Up
Newsletter Signup
Deals
Departments
Pharmacy
Prescription Refills
Smart Sync
Screenings
MedDrop Box
SmartPack
Notice of Privacy Practices
Lawn & Garden
Owning Your Outdoors
Snow Throwers
Fire Pits
Grills
Lawn Mowers
Wine & Spirits
Pets
Photo
Photo Cards
Photo Gifts
Photo Prints
Everyday
Toys
Games & Puzzles
Arts & Crafts
Action Figures & Playsets
Baby & Toddler
Active & Outdoor
Stores
Careers
Contact
About
Employee Portal
Department Spotlight
Pharmacy
Weekly Ad
Store Locator
Prescription Refills
Events
Blog
Mobile Apps
Download Our Apps
Mobile Apps