http://www.aom.on.ca/privacy-accessibility
Privacy & Accessibility | AOM
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
About the AOM
Privacy & Accessibility
Left menu english
Committees & Task Forces
Clinical Practice Guidelines Committee
ESW Review Task Force
Midwifery Research Work Group
Negotiations Task Force
Quality Insurance & Risk Management Committee
Benefits of Membership
Get Involved
Call for Members
Meet the Board
Midwifery Awards
Previous Winners
The HIROC Just Culture and Patient Safety Culture Award
Lifetime Achievement Award
Elsie Cressman Award
Hospital Integration Award
Excellence in Midwifery Research Award
Media Award
Mission, Vision, Values
Privacy & Accessibility
Unsubscribe
Cleaning Equipment and Clinical Spaces
Breadcrumb
About the AOM
Privacy & Accessibility
Privacy & Accessibility
The AOM is committed to creating and maintaining both an office space and an online experience that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability.
This website endeavours to conform to Level AA of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0. This site has been built using code compliant with W3C standards for HTML and CSS. The site displays correctly in current browsers and using standards compliant HTML/CSS code means any future browsers will also display it correctly.
Read our customer service plan for more details about AOM accessibility online and in our office.
Website User Privacy Statement
The AOM is committed to protecting the privacy of all those who use our website. We will only collect personal information that is necessary to fulfill a service that you request. We will take all reasonable measures to protect the personal information collected by the AOM website. We will not disclose personal information collected by the AOM to any organization or agency without your prior consent. We will never sell, rent or trade your personal information to another organization or agency.
Personal Information Collected
When you visit our website, you may voluntarily provide us with personal contact information in order to be put on our mailing list or to receive educational materials. In order to register for an AOM event you may choose to provide us with contact and credit card information. The online registration system is SSL encrypted to protect your personal information.
Non Personal Information Collected
When you visit our website, information on your IP address, the type of operating system and browser that you use and your computer’s location will automatically be collected. We will also collect information on what pages you visit on our website and what links you click on. The AOM may use this information to improve our website and we may disclose aggregate data based on this information to our affinity program suppliers for statistical purposes. This tracking system does not record personal information.
Links and Privacy
The AOM Privacy Statement for Website Users applies only to the AOM website. When you leave this site by clicking on a link, the policies of the site you are visiting apply and the AOM assumes no responsibility for the content or operation of that site.
If you would like more information regarding AOM privacy policies and procedures, please contact: Kelly Stadelbauer, Executive Director.