https://www.hypnobabies.com/privacy-policy/
Hypnobabies Website Privacy and Cookies Policies
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information:
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Hypnobabies will never sell, rent or share your personal information, including your e-mail address, with any third parties for marketing purposes.
Distribution of Information:
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security:
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information:
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us by using the information below:
By E-mail: Info@Hypnobabies.com
By Phone: 714-894-2229
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Hypnobabies Cookie Policy
This policy outlines what cookies and similar tracking technologies our websites use, how we use them and information on how to opt out of these cookies if you wish to do so.
What are cookies?
Cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as tags, scripts and beacons, are small pieces of code (referred to as cookies hereafter) that are stored on a device (computer, mobile phone, tablet etc) and enable a website to “personalize” itself to users by remembering information about the user’s visit to the website.
Cookies are used to collect information, where available, about your device, your IP address, operating system and browser type and how you have interacted with our websites.
While cookies are used to identify users and devices, they only ever collect non-personal information such as IP addresses and device IDs. If the data cookies collect are ever merged with any other information with which you have provided us, such as email addresses, these are anonymized in such a way that identification to actual people is impossible.
Why do we use them?
Our websites use cookies to:
Store any preferences you have made and display content to you in a more personalized way
Gain insight into the nature of our audience so we can tailor our content accordingly
Per-session cookies: We only use these while you are visiting our website and they are deleted when you leave. They remember you as you move between pages, for example recording the items you add to an online shopping basket. They also help maintain security.
How to opt out of using cookies
We provide you with choice over the use of cookies as described in this policy. Please note that our websites may not work correctly if you change certain preferences, such as disabling all cookies.
Browser Level cookie controls
Most browsers allow you to manage cookie settings. These settings can usually be found in the ‘Options’, ‘Settings’ or ‘Preferences’ menu of your browser. The links below are provided to help you find the settings for some common browsers.
Manage cookie settings in Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in Firefox
Manage cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in Safari and Safari iOSHypnobabies Inc.
www.Hypnobabies.com
714-894-2229
Menu
We use cookies to personalize content, offer social media features, and analyze access to our website. In your browser settings you can configure or disable this, and can delete any already placed cookies. Please see our Privacy statement for details about how we use data. ACCEPT Reject Read Our Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.