http://www.rrmc.org/about/privacy-policy/
Updated Visitor Restriction Policy
As of Monday, November 2, 2020, Rutland Regional will only allow designated Essential Support Persons (ESP) to accompany or visit patients.
PLEASE read the full policy before coming to the hospital or one of the clinics:
Visitor Restriction Policy
Skip to Content
Main Navigation
Find a Doctor
Our Services
Locations
Patients & Visitors
Classes & Events
Careers at Rutland Regional
You are here:
Home > About Us > Policies > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (HIPAA)
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Your Rights
When it comes to your health information, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities to help you.
Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. Ask us how to do this.
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.
Ask us to correct your medical record
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this.
We may say "no" to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.
Request confidential communications
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address.
We will say "yes" to all reasonable requests.
Ask us to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say "no" if it would affect your care.
If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer. We will say "yes" unless a law requires us to share that information.
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared information
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.
Get a copy of this privacy notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.
Choose someone to act for you
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information.
We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.
File a complaint if you feel your rights are violated
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us at:
RRMC Privacy and Security Compliance OfficerCompliance and Legal Services160 Allen StreetRutland, VT 05701Phone: 802.772.2679Email: macordeiro@rrmc.org
You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue S.W., Washington, DC 20201; call 1.877.696.6775; visit www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/.
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
Your Choices
For certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.
In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:
Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your care
Share information in a disaster relief situation
Include your information in a hospital directory
If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example, if you are unconscious, we may go ahead, and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.
Our Uses and Disclosures
How do we typically use or share your health information? We typically use or share your health information in the following ways:
Treat you
We can use your health information and share it with other professionals who are treating you.
Run our organization
We can use and share your health information to run our organization, improve your care, and contact you when necessary.
Example: We use health information about you to manage your treatment and services.
Bill for your services
We can use and share your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities.
Example: We give information about you to your health insurance plan so it will pay for your services.
How else can we use or share your health information?
We are allowed or required to share your information in other ways – usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your information for these purposes. For more information, see:
www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html
Help with public health and safety issues
We can share health information about you for certain situations such as:
Preventing disease
Helping with product recalls
Reporting adverse reactions to medications
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety
Do research
We can use or share your information for health research.
Comply with the law
We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services, if it wants to see that we are complying with federal privacy law.
Respond to organ and tissue donation requests
We can share health information about you with organ procurement organizations.
Work with a medical examiner or funeral director
We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies.
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, & other government requests
We can use or share health information about you:
For workers’ compensation claims
For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official
With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law
For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective services
Respond to lawsuits and legal actions
We can share health information about you in response to a court or administrative order or in response to a subpoena.
Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your protected health information.
We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your information.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give you a copy of it.
We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
For more information, see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html
Health Information Exchange
We participate in one or more health information exchanges (HIEs) such as the Vermont Information Technology Leaders (VITL) statewide exchange and may electronically share health information for treatment, payment and healthcare operations purposes with other participants in the HIE. An HIE allows health care providers to efficiently access a patient’s past medical history when the patient received care from other providers who participate in the HIE.
Vermonters have options for sharing information via the Vermont Health Information Exchange that include:
Participating – no action is necessary.
Learning more before deciding – more information is available at vthealthinfo.com and by calling the Vermont Health Information Exchange Hotline at 1.888.980.1243. The Health Care Advocate, a resource that is independent of the Health Information Exchange, is also available to answer questions through their helpline at 1.800.917.7787.
Not participating – Vermonters can opt out of participating by filling out an online form at vthealthinfo.com, downloading a form from the same site to print, fill out, and mail in, or by calling the Vermont Health Information Exchange Hotline at 1.888.980.1243.
Vermont State Law
The Vermont Bill of Rights, for hospital patients who have been admitted as inpatients, requires that only medical personnel, or individuals under the supervision of medical personnel, who are directly treating the patient, or monitoring the quality or researching the effectiveness of the treatment have access to the patient’s medical record. Others may have access to the records only with a patient’s written authorization.
Vermont law requires any records associated with the civil commitment process for certain mental health patients be kept confidential.
OHCA (Organizational Health Care Arrangement)
Rutland Regional and the physician members of the Medical Staff act as an Organized Health Care Arrangement (OHCA) when a member of the Medical Staff provide services at a Rutland Regional facility and when they access, use or disclose information related to services provided at Rutland Regional.
In addition, Rutland Regional participates in the Rutland Community Care Coordination program with other healthcare providers in the Rutland Region. The Care Coordination participants work cooperatively to coordinate healthcare services across the spectrum of primary care, specialty, hospital, home health and hospice to improve the quality of care and contribute toward the shared mission of improving the health of the community. This joint arrangement and joint activities constitute an Organized Health Care Arrangement (“OHCA”), as defined in HIPAA regulations. The participants share limited healthcare information to the extent necessary to coordinate care and improve the quality of care.
Changes to the Terms of this Notice
Rutland Regional reserves the right to change the terms of this notice, and the changes will apply to all information we have about you. The new notice will be available upon request, in our office, and on our website.
Notice of Privacy Practice Effective Dates:
April 2003, October 2006, April 2009, December 2009, June 2010, November 2010, April 2011, August 2011, October 2011, February 2012, June 2012, June 2016, June 2017, February 2020.
Note: This Notice is available in alternate formats.
Contact Privacy & Security Compliance Officer
Phone: 802.772.2679Email: macordeiro@rrmc.org
RUTLAND REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER160 Allen Street, Rutland, VT 05701802.775.7111
© 2020
Rutland Medical Center