https://www.capitalortho.com/privacy-policy/
(601) 987-8200
Locations
Pay Bill
Request an Appointment
Patient Portal
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://capitalortho.com.
Capital Ortho, Jackson Mississippi
Capital Ortho, Jackson Mississippi are interested in the privacy and safety of our visitors. Our Web site contains forms through which users may request information or supply feedback to us. In some cases, telephone numbers or return addresses are required so that we can supply requested information to you. We may also track where you go or what you read in our Web site so that we can supply you with effective follow up information, but only if you have given us explicit permission to do so by filling out a form that asks you if we may do so.
Google Analytics- Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.(“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Search for:
Recent NewsNew Year, New Decade, New Beginnings!January 23, 2020First CT-free Robotic Knee Replacement Surgery in MississippiMay 15, 2019Stop Sports InjuriesFebruary 26, 2019Out With the Old, In With the NewFebruary 26, 2019Coping with InjuriesFebruary 26, 2019