http://www.ibponline.org/privacy.php
CONTACT  HOME
Privacy Policy
IBP Central Institute
12500 Cloud Lane
Los Angeles, CA 90049
Phone:
(888) 294-9876
Email:
info@ibponline.com
www.ibponline.com
IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
When you visit our web site, our web server does not automatically recognize the information regarding your domain or email address, however it does recognize your individual IP Address.
In addition, we collect aggregate information about what pages you access or visit, and information volunteered by you, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web site, used to notify you about updates to our web site, and used by us to contact you for purposes of marketing IBP.
COOKIES
We use cookies to store your preferences, record session information such as items that you add to your shopping cart, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when you return to our site, and customize our web site content based on your browser type or other information that you provide us. Most web browsers enable you to choose how your browser handles cookies in your browser's preferences.
EMAIL
IBP collects the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, make purchases on our online bookstore, and subscribe to our e-newsletters or other IBP community notifications. The email addresses we collect are used to notify you about updates to the IBP web site, upcoming IBP events, bookstore purchases, to respond to inquiries you make, and for marketing IBP in general. From time to time, we may make your email address available to other IBP institutes.
If you do not want us to email you and/or to share your email address with other IBP Institutes, you can opt out as described below.
We never sell or rent your email address to anyone! We will never spam you!
POSTAL ADDRESS
If you supply IBP with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new IBP products, services, and upcoming events. You may also receive mailings from other IBP institutes besides IBP Central Institute.
If you do not want us to send you postal mail and/or to share your postal address with other IBP Institutes, you can opt out as described below.
We never sell or rent your postal address to anyone!
TELEPHONE NUMBERS
If you supply IBP with your telephone number, we will only contact you with reference to the issue for which you submitted your telephone number.
We never sell or rent your telephone number to anyone!
AD SERVERS
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies!
OPT OUT PROCEDURES
If you do not want to receive emails or postal mail from IBP Central Institute (the owner of this web site) and/or other IBP Institutes in the future, you can opt out by sending us an email at info@ibponline.com, calling us at (310) 395-2117, or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide your exact name and address for removal, and we will be sure your name is removed from IBP Central's list, and the list we share with other IBP institutes!
Upon request, we will provide you with access to a description of the information we maintain about you, and the opportunity to correct inaccuracies in your information. To access this information and/or make corrections to your information, email us at info@ibponline.com, call us at (310) 395-2117, or write to us at the above address.
POLICY CHANGES
From time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes on our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
SECURITY
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial, personal or health information, we redirect web visitors to a secure server. Financial information is encrypted and processed at the time of use, but is not stored in any form on our server.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please email us at: info@ibponline.com.
FIND A PRACTITIONER
home  contact  workshops  privacy policy