https://www.sportsdietitians.com.au/privacy-policy/
Portal Menu
Home
SDA Conference
Education
SDA Workshops
Sports Nutrition Course – Online
Course Registrations
Sports Nutrition Course – Pay Balance -May 2019
Accommodation
Sports Nutrition Essentials Course
SDA Masterclass
ISAK Accreditation
Our Members
Factsheets
Recipes
Nutrition Kitchen
Online Store
Member Hub
Careers in Sports Nutrition
Benefits, Categories & Fees
Become an SDA Member
Member Portal
About Us
SDA Conference
Find a Sports Dietitian
Subscribe to ReFuel Magazine
SDA Privacy Policy
Description
This policy is about personal information – all the information we know about you, how we collect your personal information, what we do with it, and, most importantly, how it’s protected.
Date first Decided: March 2014
Philosophy
The policy has been developed in accordance with the Privacy Act and the introduction of Australian Privacy Principles, which came into effect in March 2014.
Because your information is important to us, we’ll always be honest and transparent about how we handle it. It reflects SDA’s commitment to best practice.
Why we collect personal information
SDA collects personal information from you when it is reasonably necessary for a business purpose. That means we collect it to supply you with information and benefits you have asked for, would expect as part of your membership with us, and to provide you with the best possible service.
Other reasons we collect personal information are to:
Understand you, and how we can meet your needs now and in the future.
Ensuring our members comply with our Constitution and Membership T&Cs
Distribute publications
Manage our business including membership, career development pathway (CDP), running events and courses, conducting surveys.
Comply with our legal obligations.
Type of Information we collect
SDA collects personal information like your name, address, date of birth, education qualifications, employment details, location, contact details, payment details, and information about your professional development (our CDP). We also collect personal information during the term of your membership – for example, when you pay your membership or make purchases from us or attend a course, conference or event.
For our suppliers and corporate partners, SDA collects contact address and email details, and any relevant information necessary to deliver on contracts and/or partnerships.
For members of the general public, SDA collects name, address, contact details and payment details, where applicable, for example when registering for a course. When users choose to join a mailing list their details are added to that specific mailing list and used for the stated purpose of that list only.
At all times, you and the public will know it’s us collecting the information and how to contact us.
To comply with ATO ‘best practice’ guidelines, SDA will retain all member, customer and supplier records for seven years.
How we collect and store information
Straight from you
We collect most personal information directly from you via the member login of our website – for example, when joining SDA as a member online, or registering for an education course or event – or when subscribing to receive SDA marketing. We can also collect information by email, telephone, hard copy forms (surveys, registration forms) and in person.
We use SugarCRM as our member relationship management software, and Sumo and MailChimp as our marketing automation platforms.
You can choose not to provide your personal information or may want to deal with us anonymously. If this happens, we may not be able to provide you with the member support you’ve asked for or give you the level of service you expect.
From online activity
SDA’s website uses cookies (the small string of information that a website transfers to your browser for identification purposes….not the biscuits!) and other digital identifiers. These include:
Site performance identifiers: these give us information about how our websites are used. This helps us provide you with a more user-friendly experience.
Analytics cookies: we use these to gather statistics about our site. For example, they help us monitor how many users are on the site, and what sections are most popular.
It’s important to know you can clear cookies or digital identifiers from your device and also disable future use of them by changing the security settings on your web browser. However, doing this might mean that parts of SDA’s website may not work as it should.
SDA records visits to its website and logs the following information for statistical purposes: the user’s server or proxy address, the date/time/length of the visit and the files requested. The information is used to analyse our server traffic. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except where authorised by law. For example in the event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency may exercise their legal authority to inspect the internet service provider’s logs.
From others
We may collect personal information from other organizations that are able to disclose it to us, if it’s not practical to collect it from you – for example other peak professional bodies like DAA or SMA. We will take reasonable steps to make sure you know we have your personal information, how we got it and how we’ll handle it.
Unsolicited Information
Sometimes we may receive unsolicited personal information (such as an employment application sent to us by an individual on their own initiative, rather than in response to a job advertisement).
If the information is reasonably necessary for one or more of our business functions or activities, we will keep the information. If it’s not, our policy is to destroy or de-identify the information as soon as practicable, provided it is lawful and reasonable to do so.
SDA and who we work with
SDA sometimes partners with other companies to offer products and/or services. We don’t give them access to your personal information when we partner with them. Instead, we work with them to understand the type of audience they want to advertise to, and deliver the information for them.
Other occasions when personal information may be shared include:
A member’s employer – to confirm membership status and/or CDP compliance
Educational institutions – to confirm membership to access discounts to courses/events
Other SDA members – when collaborating on activities
Third parties who have lodged a complaint about a member – to advise of conduct and outcome
Finally, we will only disclose personal information to others if you’ve given us permission, or if the disclosure relates to the main reason we collected the information and you’d reasonably expect us to do so, such as those occasions listed above.
SDA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of linked web sites and the other pages hosted by SDA on behalf of non-SDA agencies and organisations.
Legal obligations and other privacy exceptions
We give access to personal information where we are permitted or obliged to do so by Australian law. For example, in some circumstances we will use or disclose personal information to react to unlawful activity, serious misconduct, or to reduce or prevent a serious threat to life, health or safety. We are obliged to cooperate with law enforcement bodies in some circumstances. We may disclose personal information, including information about phone calls and service use, when we receive an access request or warrant that is authorised under Australian law.
Advertising
Everyone hates being bombarded with information about things they don’t need or have any interest in. SDA may use your personal information to send you stuff that is relevant to your professional development, area of expertise or general location.
Opting out
We’ll make sure that any emails, surveys, texts and letters we send you clearly tell you how to opt out, or you can contact us any time to delete your account and all data associated with it.
Security
Security is serious. We’re committed to protecting your personal information. Some of the security measures we use include:
Firewalls and access logging tools that protect against unauthorised access to your data and our network.
Secure work environments and workflow systems that prevent unauthorised access and copying of your personal information.
Secure server and closed network environments.
Encryption of data in transit.
Virus scanning tools.
Management of access privileges, to ensure that only those who really need it can see your personal information.
Ongoing training and security reviews.
These measures are robust, but security risks do change. We will remain vigilant in our efforts to protect your personal information.
How to access your personal information
You can access your personal information by logging into the website at any time, by accessing and updating your profile on MailChimp to correct, complete, or delete your information, or by contacting SDA any time to access, correct, amend or delete any information we hold about you.
Quality of Personal Information
We aim to keep the personal information we hold about you accurate, up-to-date and complete. If you think our records need to be corrected, please call or email us, log onto the website or MailChimp and update your profile.
Keeping your details up-to-date helps us deliver better service/s to you and maintain exceptional membership support.
Getting in touch
Your personal information is important to you and us. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns about this policy or our practices – here are our contact details:
Email – info@sportsdietitians.com.au
Phone: 03 9699 8634
Snail mail: Sports Dietitians Australia, Level 2, 375 Albert Road, South Melbourne VIC 3206
Changes
We’ll amend this policy if our practices change. Details of most recent amendments and the date they were made will be detailed below. The policy will always be available on our website.
Congratulations!
You read this document all the way to the end! Now go and make yourself a cuppa, you’ve earned it.
Authorised
SDA Board approved at meeting 14 April 2014 (item 6.2)
Policy reviewed/Revised:
First developed: February 2009
Updated: March 2014
About UsOur MembersFind an Accredited Sports DietitianContact UsCourses & EventsSports Nutrition Course – OnlineSDA ConferenceCourse RegistrationsMember HubCareers in Sports NutritionBenefits, Categories & FeesBecome an SDA MemberMember PortalResource HubFactsheetsBlogRecipesProduct Reviews