http://www.martinavenue.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
TweetSumo
TweetPrivacy Policy
Security & Privacy
For over 40 years, Martin Avenue Pharmacy has established itself as a leader in the health care industry. Our company has always been committed to providing our customers with the best service and products available. It is for this reason that Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. has built this informative website for our customers. In doing so, Martin Avenue Pharmacy has made every effort to ensure that your experience is enjoyable, safe, and secure. In the following sections, you will learn how Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. secures your private information and keeps your information confidential.
General Security and Privacy Information
Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. will maintain practices and procedures designed to ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information. We restrict and limit access to customer information only to those employees who need it to carry out their business functions, and educate our employees about safeguarding customer information and preventing its unauthorized access, disclosure, or use. Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological improvements that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of customer information.
What Information Does Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. Collect?
When you order products or refill your prescriptions, our registration process asks you to provide us with a limited amount of personal and / or health-related information. This information is necessary to process your order. Some examples are: name, email, address, and billing / shipping information. Additionally, our web server automatically collects click-stream information such as the address (or “URL”) of the web site that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, and which browser you used to view our site.
How is the Information Used?
You may choose to supply personalized information that will enable you to receive individualized customer service that we can not offer anonymous users. That customer service may include notices about updates to our web site, news, and monthly Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. Newsletters. We also use the information that you provide in order to respond to your requests, customize your online experience, products and services, and measure and improve the effectiveness of our web sites.
Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Your contact information is used to contact you with questions regarding your order. The other information that is collected is used to tailor your experience at our Web site, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences. This information is stored in a file in a secure environment separate from our Web site.
Do I Have Choices Regarding How My Information is Used?
Please be aware that you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase.
If you do not want to receive e-mails or other mail from us, you can contact us at info@martinavenue.com .
It is your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Any other communication should also be directed to info@martinavenue.com . It is also your responsibility to review our privacy policy and Terms and Conditions for changes.
Information You Give Us and Your Consent
By visiting our website and using the services and features that Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc. has made available, you consent to our collection and use of information in the manner we have described for you in the “How is the information used?” section above. You also consent to the terms and conditions that we have posted on our website.
Links to Other Sites
Martin Avenue Pharmacy may provide links to other sites that we believe offer services our customers might find useful. However, since these other sites are not under the control of Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc., we cannot and do not make any representation or guarantee regarding the linked sites or their content. Our providing these links does not constitute an endorsement by Martin Avenue Pharmacy, Inc., and we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies or security procedures of the linked sites. Therefore, please review a linked site’s privacy and security policies before entering any information.
Whom Can I Contact if I Have Questions or Concerns?
If you choose to visit any of Martin Avenue Pharmacy’s websites any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use. If you have any concern about this privacy policy, please contact us at info@martinavenue.com , and we will try to resolve it.