http://www.ahrdvm.com/privacy.htm
You are here: Home » Privacy
Our Office
9501 Lakeview Parkway(Across from LakePointe Hospital)Rowlett, TX 75088972-412-0101Text 972-805-1451
Hours
Mon - Fri:7 AM - 7 PM
Sat:8 AM - 2 PM
Directions
Nextdoor Neighborhood Favorite
What's New
Free Kitten Kindergarten Classes
Now seeing exotics and pocket pets
We are an officially accredited Cat Friendly practice
Rowlett Doggie Day Care
$125 Super Saver Wellness Package
In-house Veterinary Health Savings Plan
Low-cost Vaccination Clinic
In-home Veterinary Hospice Care
Rowlett Dog Training Classes
Veterinary Medical Acupuncture
We Are an AAHA Accredited Hospital
To become an AAHA hospital member, candidates must complete a 39-page self-assessment reviewing the hospital's services and facilities. Then, a trained AAHA practice consultant thoroughly evaluates the facility to be sure it complies with AAHA veterinary care standards. More information ...
Navigate
HomeCat HospitalReferralsFAQsPet First AidAsk the VetLatest News Client EducationMedical ProceduresArticlesVideos GalleryJob ApplicationSchedule Boarding ReservationsSchedule Medical AppointmentSchedule Grooming AppointmentYour LoginDoggie Day Care Personality QuestionnairePre-exam Information for Doctor AppointmentPre-exam Information for Nurse AppointmentPre-exam Information for New Puppy/Kitten
Prescription Management Service
We are pleased to offer our clients home delivery of Hill's Pet Nutrition and medications. Just click the button above.
Privacy Policy
Print
Email
Animal Hospital of Rowlett
recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: http://www.ahrdvm.com. The Site is operated by Animal Hospital of Rowlett.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at contact@ ahrdvm.com or by postal mail to:
Animal Hospital of Rowlett
9501 Lakeview Parkway
Rowlett, TX, 75088Identifying Information. In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, offer services that require registration, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, Animal Hospital of Rowlett requests identifying information when you:
Register on any of our web sites.
Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.
Request an appointment
In these instances, Animal Hospital of Rowlett will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
What Animal Hospital of Rowlett Will Do With Your Information.
If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Animal Hospital of Rowlett and will only be used by Animal Hospital of Rowlett to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.What Others May Do With Your Information.
Animal Hospital of Rowlett does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time Animal Hospital of Rowlett may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for Animal Hospital of Rowlett (such as DATABASE MAINTENANCE, FURTHER EXAMPLES), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for Animal Hospital of Rowlett. In addition, Animal Hospital of Rowlett may also share aggregate information about its clients and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.Third Party Linkswww.ahrdvm.com does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave www.ahrdvm.com, Animal Hospital of Rowlett cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Children's Privacy Protection
Animal Hospital of Rowlett is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The vast majority of the material on our web site is not intended for children and is not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Changes to this Policy
Animal Hospital of Rowlett may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our web site, you can write to:
Animal Hospital of Rowlett
9501 Lakeview Parkway
Rowlett, TX, 75088
Joomla SEF URLs by Artio
Tweet