https://www.injuredcalltoday.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Injured Call Today
Se Habla Español
Schedule Now
Call (800) 897-8440
Home
About Us
Find A Doctor
Book An Appointment
Call (800) 897-8440
Auto Accidents
Workers’ Comp Injuries
Slip & Fall Accidents
FAQ
About Us
Find Doctor
Auto Accidents
Workers’ Comp Injuries
Slip & Fall Accidents
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 28, 2020
Injured Call Today.com provides information, including a directory of physicians (the “Providers”) specializing in the treatment of sports injuries and accidents as well as tools to connect with physicians (the “Service”) by users (the “Users”, “you”) offered from time to time via www.injuredcalltoday.com, related websites, applications, services and mobile applications (the “Site” or “Sites”).  The Service is owned and operated by Injured Call Today (“Company”, “we” or “us”).
Your use of the Company Service is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE COMPANY SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE COMPANY SERVICE.
We are committed to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you through the Company Service and we have created this Privacy Policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your personal information, and about our privacy practices in general.
We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to contact customer service, please contact us at the email address at the end of this Privacy Policy.
We continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with the Company Service and we may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices.  You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy for the most recent version.  If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice through the Website, the Application, or any other part of the Company Service.
Terms of Service. Use of the Company Service is subject to the terms of our Terms of Service through our online form, which is hereby incorporated and made part of this Privacy Policy. By using the Company Service, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Service.
Types and Uses of Collected Information. Company collects two types of information about you:
2.1          Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific person. When you engage in certain activities via the Company Service, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback, or otherwise participating in the Company Service (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself.  If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number and/or any other information you provide to us, to create your account of profile, send communications about them to you, and populate forms for future transactions.  If you enroll in the Company Service through a third party (such as Facebook or Google) then Company may receive Personally Identifiable Information from such third party and by using the Company Service, you consent to such receipt of Personally Identifiable Information and its use pursuant to this Privacy Policy by Company.
We may use or share Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and/or services to you, to enable Third-Party advertisers to provide products and/or services to you, enhance the operation of the Company Service, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze use of the Company Service, and tailor your experience with third parties as provided below in this Privacy Policy. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.
2.2          Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to the Company Service or otherwise participating in the Company Service, the URL of the website you visit after leaving the Company Service, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile carrier information, mobile device information, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information. We, and/or our authorized Third-Party Service Providers, may automatically collect this information when you visit or use the Company Service using electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy.  We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Company Service, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third-Party Service Providers to measure the overall effectiveness of our products and services.
How we use your personal data.
3.1          In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)          the general categories of personal data that we may process, and
(b)          the purposes for which we may process personal data.
3.2          We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website and services.
3.3          We may process your account data (“account data”).  The account data may include your name and email address. If you are placing an order via the Service, we may collect your credit card information.  The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
3.4          We may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“inquiry data”). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
3.5          We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data”). When you sign up for an account or use certain features, you are opting to receive messages and/or phone calls from other users of the Company Service, businesses, and Company itself.  You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to your activity on the Company Service and include but are not limited to emails regarding your account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services, if applicable.  If you do not want to receive promotional emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at the email listed at the end of this Privacy Policy or by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails.
3.6          We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication.  Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.
3.7      If you exchange messages with others through the Company Service, we may store them to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and we may review and disclose them in connection with investigations related to the operation and use of the Company Service. We may not deliver messages that we believe are objectionable, such as spam messages or requests to exchange reviews for compensation. If you send or receive messages through the Company Service via SMS text message, we may log phone numbers, phone carriers, and the date and time that the messages were processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive. We may also store information that you provide through communications to us, including from phone calls, letters, emails and other electronic messages, or in person. If you are a representative of a business listed on the Company Service, we may contact you, including by phone or email, using the contact information you provide us, make publicly available, or that we have on record for your business.
3.8          We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.9          In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Providing your personal data to others.
4.1          We may disclose your inquiry data to one or more of those selected Providers of services on or linked from our website, identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to connect you with their Services.
4.2          We will not share your personal data to advertisers.
4.3          In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. 4.4     We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
5.1          We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Third Party Service Providers and the public. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) or use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer the Company Service. We may also publish this aggregated information for promotional purposes. Such data is collected on our behalf and is owned and used by us.
5.2          We may use Third Party Service Providers to serve ads when you participate in the Company Service. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits and use of the Company Service, and visits to other websites or locations to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Choices on Collection/Use of Information. You can always choose not to provide certain information, although a certain level of information is required to engage and participate in the Company Service. Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Company Service pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the Company Service.
About cookies.
7.1          A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
7.2          Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
7.3          Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
7.4          We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)          authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website.
(b)          status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website.
(c)           security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures to protect our website and services generally.
(d)          advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that may be relevant to you.
(f)           analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services; and
(g)          cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies used by our service providers and/or affiliates.
8.1          Our service providers, affiliates and partners use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
8.2          We may use Google Analytics or similar tools to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Managing cookies
9.1          Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)          https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)          https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)           http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)          https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)          https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)           https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
9.2          Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
9.3          If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Security of Information.
10.1        In the event you are provided with an opportunity to establish and account or profile on our Site, you may be able to access your Personally Identifiable Information via the Company Service with your password and username. This password is encrypted. We advise against sharing your password with anyone.  If you access your account via a third-party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-in protections via that third-party site or service. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-in mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer, browser, or mobile device by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. If we believe that the security of your information may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development.
10.2        We are committed to taking all reasonable precautions to safeguard the privacy of personal information which has been provided by its users. We use technical, contractual, administrative and physical security steps to protect your personal information. Security measures such as restricted access and the use of passwords and encryption have been adopted to protect your personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. Our employees have been trained to respect your privacy at all times and those employees with access to your personal information shall use your personal information strictly in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will protect your credit card information by using industry standard encryption technology.
10.3        Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet or via e-mail is completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee protection of all personal information in all cases. For example, we cannot guarantee protection against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration, or that your information will not be disclosed or accessed by the unauthorized acts of others. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. If you provide us with your credit card number, you should not send it electronically unless the email is encrypted, or your browser indicates that the access to our website is secure. Materials posted to online forums such as bulletin boards or chat rooms are public, not secure, and may be viewed by anyone. Any personal information you post may be collected and used by anyone and may result in unsolicited messages from other parties.
Data Retention and Account Termination. We will remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile, but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, we may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Company Service or to comply with legal obligations. Please note that businesses cannot remove their business listings, ratings, or reviews by closing their accounts.
Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents. California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by COPPA, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Company Service and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. COPPA further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or physical mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with our marketing partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department and labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice.
Children. The Company Service are not directed to people under the age of eighteen (18). If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at the email address listed below. If we become aware that a child under this age has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
Customer Service. For assistance or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the Company Service, you may contact us at the address below.
Injured Call Today
477 Madison Ave, Suite 600
New York, NY 10022
Info @ injuredcalltoday.com
HIPAA Compliance Addendum
These HIPAA Terms and Conditions (“HIPAA Addendum”) shall be incorporated into the Terms of Service that are Covered Entities (as defined below) and that provide Protected Health Information (“PHI”) (as defined below) to Company in connection with interactions with Company. These terms supplement and are made part of the Terms of Service in order to comply with the federal Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information, located at 45 C.F.R. Part 160 and Part 164, Subparts A through E (“Privacy Rule”) and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Public Law 111-005 (the “HITECH Act”).
DEFINITIONS
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have that meaning given to them in the HIPAA Rules.
“Breach” when capitalized, shall have the meaning set forth in 45 CFR § 164.402 (including all of its subsections); with respect to all other uses of the word “breach” in this Agreement, the word shall have its ordinary contract meaning.
“Electronic Protected Health Information” or “EPHI” shall have the same meaning as the term “electronic protected health information” in 45 CFR § 160.103, limited to information that Business Associate creates, accesses or receives from or on behalf of Covered Entity.
“Individually Identifiable Health Information” means information that is a subset of health information, including demographic information collected from an individual, and;
is created or received by a health care provider, health plan, employer, or health care clearinghouse; and
relates to the past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition of an individual;
the provision of health care to an individual; or the past, present or future payment for provision of health care to an individual; and
that identifies the individual; or
with respect to which there is a reasonable basis to believe the information can be used to identify the individual.
“Protected Health Information” or “PHI” shall have the meaning set forth in the Privacy Rule, limited to information that Company, accesses or receives from or on behalf of Covered Entity. PHI includes EPHI.
“Privacy Rule” means the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information, codified at 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, Subparts A, D and E, as currently in effect.
“Security Incident” shall have the same meaning as the term “security incident” at 45 CFR 164.304.
“Security Rule” means the Standards for Security for the Protection of Electronic Protected Health Information, codified at 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, Subpart C, as currently in effect.
“Unsecured Protected Health Information” or “Unsecured PHI” shall have the same meaning as the term “unsecured protected health information” in 45 CFR § 164.402, limited to the information created or received by Business Associate from or on behalf of Covered Entity.
OBLIGATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF PROVIDERS (“BUSINESS ASSOCIATE)
Provider acknowledge and agree that it is a “Business Associate” of Company as defined by the HIPAA Rules, and as such, Business Associate shall, in addition to complying with the other terms and conditions of the Terms of Service Agreement, comply with the HIPAA-required provisions set forth in this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Terms of Service Agreement with respect to the use or disclosure of PHI, the terms of this Agreement will govern. In all other circumstances, the terms of the Terms of Service Agreement will govern.
Performance of Services.
Business Associate may use PHI only to perform the services and its other obligations pursuant to the Terms of Service Agreement or as Required by Law. Business Associate may disclose such PHI only within its organization and only to those of its employees who need to know such information in order to perform its obligations under the Terms of Service Agreement and, in such case, only the minimum amount of such PHI as is necessary for such performance. Business Associate shall not access, use or disclose PHI in any manner that would violate the HIPAA Rules if such access, use or disclosure was done by Business Associate or Covered Entity,
Privacy Rule Obligations
Business Associate shall comply with the Privacy Rule as it directly applies to business associates: To the extent Business Associate carries out one or more of Covered Entity’s obligations under the Privacy Rule, Business Associate shall comply with the requirements of HIPAA that apply to Business Associate or Covered Entity in the performance of such obligation(s).
Safeguards for Protection of PHI
Business Associate agrees that it will (a) protect and safeguard from any disclosure (whether oral, written or otherwise) all PHI with which it may come into contact with in accordance with the HIPAA Rules and more stringent state laws and regulations governing the handling of such information; and (b) use appropriate safeguards to prevent use or disclosure of PHI other than as permitted by the Terms of Service Agreement or this Agreement or as Required by Law.
Mitigation
Business Associate agrees to mitigate, to the extent practicable, any harmful effect that is known to Business Associate of a use or disclosure of PHI by Business Associate in violation of the requirements of this Agreement.
Notification
Without unreasonable delay, and in no case later than ten (10) days after Business Associate knew or should have known of the impermissible use or disclosure, Business Associate shall notify Covered Entity, in writing, of any use or disclosure of PHI outside the purpose of this Agreement or the Terms of Service Agreement. Without unreasonable delay, Business Associate shall report to Covered Entity in writing of any Security Incident of which it becomes aware. In addition, upon Covered Entity’s request, Business Associate shall provide a report of any and all impermissible uses, disclosures, and/or Security Incidents.
Disclosure to Subcontractors
Business Associate agrees to ensure that any subcontractor that creates receives, maintains or transmits EPHI originating from the Covered Entity on behalf of the Business Associate, agrees to the same restrictions and conditions that apply through this Agreement to Business Associate with respect to such information.
Right of Access
Business Associate agrees to provide access, at the request of Covered Entity, to PHI contained in a Designated Record Set, to Covered Entity or, as directed by Covered Entity, to an Individual in in a time and manner that allows Covered Entity to meet the requirements under 45 CFR § 164.524.
Right to Amendment
Business Associate agrees to make any amendment(s) to PHI in a Designated Record Set that the Covered Entity directs or agrees to pursuant to 45 CFR § 164.526 at the request of Covered Entity, in a time and manner that allows a Covered Entity to meet the requirements of 45 CFR 164.526. Business Associate shall notify Covered Entity immediately in writing upon receiving a request from an Individual to review, copy or amend his or her medical record information.
Patient Right to Request Accounting
Upon Covered Entity’s request, Business Associate shall document and make available to Covered Entity information relating to such Individual as is necessary for Covered Entity to respond to a request for an accounting of disclosures in accordance with §164.528 of the Privacy Rule.
Access to Books and Records
Until the expiration of four years after the furnishing of services pursuant to the Terms of Service Agreement, Business Associate agrees to make internal practices, books, and records relating to the use and disclosure of PHI received from or created or received by Business Associate on behalf of, Covered Entity available to the Secretary, for purposes of the Secretary determining compliance with the Privacy Rule.
Breach Notification
If Business Associate has knowledge or a reasonable belief that a Breach of Unsecured PHI has occurred or may have occurred, Business Associate shall notify Covered Entity in accordance with the requirements of 45 CFR § 164.410. For avoidance of doubt, Business Associate shall notify Covered Entity if it has knowledge of a potential Breach so that Covered Entity may determine and confirm whether a Breach has occurred. Such notification shall include, to the extent possible, the identification of each Individual whose PHI has been or is reasonably believed to have been accessed, acquired, used or disclosed during the Breach, along with any other information that Covered Entity will be required to include in its notification to the Individual  including, without limitation, a description of the Breach, the date of the Breach and its discovery, the types of Unsecured PHI involved and a description of the Business Associate’s investigation, mitigation and prevention efforts.
Security Incidents
Business Associate shall track and monitor all Security Incidents. Business Associate shall report a successful Security Incident in accordance with these Terms and shall report unsuccessful Security Incidents upon request by Covered Entity.
Minimum Necessary
When using, disclosing or requesting PHI, Business Associate agrees to use, disclose or request the minimal amount of information necessary for the stated purpose, unless an exception to the minimum necessary rule applies, as set forth in 45 CFR §164.502(b)(2).
PERMITTED USES AND DISCLOSURES BY BUSINESS ASSOCIATE
Business Associate shall be permitted to use and disclose PHI as follows: Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business Associate may use or disclose PHI to perform functions, activities, or services for, or on behalf of, Covered Entity as specified in this Agreement, provided that such use or disclosure would not violate the Privacy Rule if done by Covered Entity or the minimum necessary policies and procedures of the Covered Entity.  Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business Associate may use PHI for the proper management and administration of the Business Associate or to carry out the legal responsibilities of the Business Associate. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business Associate may disclose PHI for the proper management and administration of the Business Associate, provided that disclosures are Required By Law, or Business Associate obtains reasonable assurances from the person to whom the information is disclosed that it will remain confidential and used or further disclosed only as Required By Law or for the purpose for which it was disclosed to the person, and the person notifies the Business Associate of any instances of which it is aware in which the confidentiality of the information has been breached.
Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business Associate may use PHI to provide Data Aggregation services to Covered Entity as permitted under 45 CFR § 164.504(e)(2)(i)(B). Business Associate may use PHI to report violations of law to appropriate Federal and State authorities, consistent with § 164.502(j)(1).
PERMITTED OBLIGATIONS OF COVERED ENTITY
Covered Entity shall notify Business Associate of any limitation(s) in its notice of privacy practices in accordance with 45 CFR § 164.520, to the extent that such limitation may affect Business Associate’s use or disclosure of PHI. Covered Entity shall notify Business Associate of any changes in, or revocation of, permission by Individual to use or disclose PHI, to the extent that such changes may affect Business Associate’s use or disclosure of PHI. Covered Entity shall notify Business Associate of any restriction to the use or disclosure of PHI that Covered Entity has agreed to in accordance with 45 CFR § 164.522, to the extent that such restriction may affect Business Associate’s use or disclosure of PHI. Covered Entity shall not request Business Associate to use or disclose PHI in any manner that would not be permissible under the Privacy Rule if done by Covered Entity.
Effect of Termination; Return of Covered Entity’s PHI
Upon termination of the Terms of Service Agreement for any reason, Business Associate will return or destroy all PHI within thirty (30) days of the date of termination. Business Associate will not retain any records or copies of any such records. To the extent the return or destruction of such PHI is not feasible, Business Associate will remain bound by the provisions of this Agreement even after termination of the Terms of Service Agreement, until such time as all PHI has been returned or is destroyed.
Survival
The obligations of Business Associate under these Terms shall survive the termination of this Agreement and remain in force as long as Business Associate stores or maintains PHI in any form or format.
For assistance or questions regarding this portion of the Privacy Policy or the Company Service, you may contact us at the address below.
Injured Call Today
477 Madison Ave, Suite 600
New York, NY 10022
Info @ injuredcalltoday.com
MEDICAL SERVICESNew York Pain Management Doctor
New York Orthopedic Surgeon
New York Physical Therapy
New York Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Doctor
Diagnostic Testing in New York
New York Neurologist
New York Accident Chiropractor
CONDITIONS TREATEDNew York Whiplash Injury Doctor – Auto Accidents
New York Neck Injury Doctor
New York Back Injury Doctor – Work & Auto Accidents
Bulging or Herniated Disc New York Injury Doctor
New York Broken Bones Doctor – Orthopedic Surgeon
New York Joint Pain Doctor
New York Car Accident Injury Doctor & Accident Clinics
New York Work Accident Doctor
New York Concussion Doctor
New York Chronic Pain Doctor
New York Knee Injury Doctor
New York Shoulder Injury Doctor
NY NEIGHBORHOODS SERVEDNew York City
Top Bronx Injury Doctors
Brooklyn Injury Doctor
Manhattan Injury Doctor – Work & Auto Accidents
Queens Injury Doctor
Staten Island Injury Doctors
Long Island Injury Doctors
Nassau County Injury Doctor
Suffolk County Injury Doctors
Westchester County
Injury Doctor
Medical Services | Conditions Treated | Accident Doctors | Neighborhoods Served | Insurance | How To Find a Doctor After a Car Accident | Independent Medical Examination (IME)
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Terms of Service | Disclaimer | New York Worker’s Compensation Guide | Workers’ Comp Doctor | Personal Injury Guide | Blog | Advertising
This site does not provide or endorse any medical or legal advice. All medical practices listed on this site are independently owned and operated by licensed physicians. Learn more
Multi-Specialty Clinics: Orthopedic Surgery, Neurology, Pain Management, Physiatry (PM&R), Chiropractic, Physical Therapy, Acupuncture, Podiatry, Psychology, Psychiatry
Find Doctors Near You Who Accept No-Fault, NJ PIP Doctors, Personal Injury, Worker’s Compensation, and Medical Liens.
Manhattan Locations:
• 80 Maiden Lane, New York, NY 10038
• 1199 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10128
• 200 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10016
• 2 West 86th Street, New York, NY 10024
Queens Locations:
• 69-15 Austin Street, Forest Hills, NY 11375
Long Island Locations:
• 740 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Hauppauge, NY, 11788
• 1031 Waverly Avenue, Holtsville, NY, 11742
• 3000 Hempstead Turnpike, Levittown, NY 11756
• 310 East Shore Road, Great Neck, NY 11023
Bronx Locations:
• 3713 E. Tremont Ave, Bronx, NY, 10465
• 2772 3rd Avenue, Bronx, NY 10455
• 2825 3rd Avenue, Bronx, NY, 10455
• 2488 Grand Concourse, Bronx, NY 10458
• 3262 Westchester Ave, Bronx, NY 10461
Brooklyn Locations:
• 3500 Nostrand Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11229
• 2019 Nostrand Avenue, Brooklyn, NY, 11210
• 1513 Voorhies Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11235
New Jersey Locations:
• 638 Mt Prospect Ave, Newark, NJ, 07104
Copyright ©   Injured Call Today. NY / NJ Pain & Injury Clinics. All Rights Reserved.