http://www.kgh.on.ca/about-kgh/privacy-and-access-information
Time to move on to a modern browser
This website contains features not supported by your current web browser. To view this website please use a more current version of web browser.
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer 11
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome / Privacy And Access To Information
Privacy And Access To Information
At Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC), protecting your privacy is a fundamental commitment to treating our patients with dignity, compassion and social responsibility. It is also the law.
The KHSC Privacy Office has legal custody of all personal health information and medical records and follows all regulatory processes to ensure we are protecting your personal health information. Since most patients in Kingston and surrounding areas may need both outpatient and inpatient care provided at either or both of our hospital sites, information about a patient's visit(s) are stored and form a single medical record.
Learn more about Privacy and Your Healthcare Information and Freedom of Information at KHSC.
Who we are
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Innovation @ KHSC
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Patient and Family Advisory Council
Privacy And Access To InformationMy Healthcare Information
Freedom of Information
Health Information Network Provider (HINP)
Video Surveillance use at KHSC
Our Foundation
Have feedback about your experience or need to find out how to contact someone at the hospital?
Connect now
Whether you're here for a long stay or a short one, you have several parking options to choose from.
Parking at KGH
Parking at HDH
Whether you are travelling by car or bus, you should have no trouble finding us. We also have direct taxi lines in the main lobby.
Tell me more
Are you looking to find or get in touch with a patient or family member here at the hospital? There are different ways you can reach them.
Tell me more
Tweets by @KingstonHSC
© Kingston Health Sciences Centre, 2020. All rights reserved. Employee Self Service|
KHSCNow|
Webmail Access|
Board Portal|
Citrix|
Career Hub|
Terms and Conditions|
KnowledgeNow|
E-Pay Stub
Menu
Search
Are You A...
Connect