https://www.lillyprivacy.com/nz-en/hcp
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Eli Lilly and Company (NZ) Limited is bound by the Privacy Act 1993 (as amended from time to time). Protecting your privacy and handling your personal information is very important to us and is fundamental to the way we serve you.
This Privacy Policy is intended to let you know what information Eli Lilly and Company (NZ) Limited may collect about you and how we use that information. It applies to websites that link to this policy when you click on "Privacy Policy" in the website footer, as well as mobile applications, digital services and other Lilly personnel processing activities or services that link to or post this Privacy Policy.
In this Privacy Policy, we will refer to the websites, Apps, Digital Services and other Lilly personnel processing activities or services that may link to or post this Privacy Policy as “Services.”
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Summary
Through our websites, through our workforce personnel, or through data agencies/third parties or publicly accessible sources, we will collect and process Personal Information that either directly identifies you or could be used in combination with other information to identify you. Examples of Personal Information that directly identify you may include your name, contact information, and email address.
Our websites may also collect and process Personal Information that does not directly identify you by name or contact information but may be used to identify that a specific computer or device has accessed our website and, if combined with certain other information, could be used to identify you.
Through this website we may collect the following information about you:
Contact information. This might include information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other similar information ("Personal Information"). We collect this information so that we can communicate with you. You may always refuse to provide Personal Information to us, but then we may not be able to provide you with certain information, products, or services.
Additional Information. Certain areas of our websites allow you to share additional Personal Information with us. For example, you may subscribe to one of our mailing lists or newsletters. We may use the information you provide to send your requested information, respond to your inquiry, improve our websites, verify your relationship with us, and take other actions that may be necessary to respond to your request.
Interests and Preferences. This information lets us better understand how to best serve you based on your interest in our products and services. This information may include your preferences about how to contact you, further develop a business or professional relationship, product preferences, languages, marketing preferences and some demographic data. Some of this information we collect with your consent and some of this information we collect automatically for our legitimate business purposes.
Website Usage. We use this information to manage and secure our websites, network systems and other assets. This may include information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time of your website session, geographic location, how you have navigated the website, and other information collected through our weblogs, cookies or in other ways. This may also include information that does not directly identify you but which corresponds to your device. It is possible that your IP Address, or a cookie that we use, may contain information that may be considered Personal Information. How we use Cookies and other technologies is described in more detail below. This information is collected automatically, for our legitimate business purposes.
We may also use the information to meet legal or regulatory obligations – such as adverse event reporting or to enforce our rights – and for company record retention, website management, research and product development that are in the legitimate interest of Lilly.
Where permitted by law, we may also enhance or merge information about you, including Personal Information, with information about you obtained from third parties for the same purposes shared above. Your information may also be used for profiling for the same purposes shared above. You may object to profiling via automated-decision making by contacting us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
In addition to the above uses and disclosures of your Personal Information, through your use of the Lilly Services, you may have been given an opportunity to consent to receive specific types of communications, or to consent to specific types of uses or disclosures of your Personal Information. In these circumstances, use and disclosure of your Personal Information pursuant to such consents, may include some or all of the following:
Communications by Email. If you consent to receive email communications, including for marketing and promotional purposes, then Lilly will process your Personal Information including your email and contact information, and information from web beacons, to contact you by email to provide you with health related information, and information on our products and services (including promotional materials). Lilly uses business-standard web beacons in its commercial email communications, which enables it and its sales representatives to know if you’ve received and opened the emails. These can be used to create a profile of your activity for business and commercial purposes, and to enable Lilly to provide information (online or in person) based on your profile, and profiles of persons with similar interests, that may enhance your professional interactions with Lilly. Consenting to this use is voluntary; you may always refuse to consent to this, but then we will not be able to provide you with certain information, products, or services through email. You can change or withdraw this consent at any time. All communications you receive will include instructions on how to opt out of future communications.
Text Messaging To Mobile Telephone. If you consent to text messaging communications to your mobile telephone, including for marketing and promotional purposes, then Lilly will process your Personal Information including your mobile phone number and contact information, to contact you by text messaging to provide you with health related information, as well as information on our products and services (including promotional materials). Text messages may include any standard text messaging rates that your carrier may impose. Consenting to this use is voluntary; you may always refuse to consent to this, but then we will not be able to provide you with certain information, products, or services through text messaging. You can change or withdraw this consent at any time. All communications you receive will include instructions on how to opt out of future communications.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Web beacons
This site may use a technology known as “web beacons” that allows the collection of web log information. A web beacon is a tiny graphic on a web page or in an e-mail message designed to track pages viewed or messages opened. Web log information is gathered when you visit one of our websites by the computer that hosts our website (called a "webserver").
We may use web beacons to help determine which email messages sent by us were opened and whether a message was acted upon. Web beacons also help analyse the effectiveness of websites by measuring the number of visitors to a site or how many visitors clicked on key elements of a site.
Cookies
This website may use a technology called a "cookie". A cookie is a small data file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive, where your internet browser files are kept. A cookie saves you the trouble of re-entering certain information in some registration areas because cookies can be used to enable a site to “remember” information a visitor has previously inputted. A cookie also helps deliver relevant content based previous browsing history and tracks how sections of the website are used. Cookies can be placed on your computer both by Lilly and by third parties with whom Lilly has a relationship, such as web analytic services and advertising network services. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can change your browser settings to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please check your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the site's features.
Do Not Track
There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that currently our websites and web-based resources do not respond to these signals from web browsers. At this time, there is no universally accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics may be used to help make our website work better and to help us understand which parts of the website are being used. Google Analytics uses technical tools, such as first-party cookies and JavaScript code, to collect information about visitors. Google Analytics tracks visitors to the site who have JavaScript enabled. Google Analytics anonymously tracks how visitors interact with a website, including where they came from and their activity on a site. Google Analytics collects the information set forth above from users.
This information is used to administer and update the website, and we will also assess whether the visitors to the site match the expected site demographics and determine how key audiences are navigating the content.
First-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) will be used to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to this site.
Opt-Out Provision:
Google analytics offers an opt-out provision for website visitors who do not want their data to be collected. You can receive more information about this option here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Google's Use of Data:
Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use, subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html or such other URL as Google may provide from time to time), information collected in your use of the Google Analytics Information Disclosures and Sharing.
Social Media Plugins
Our websites may use social media plugins to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit our websites, the operator of the social media plugin that is on our website can place a cookie on your computer that lets that operator to recognise individuals on their website who have previously visited our sites. If you have previously logged into the social media website while browsing on our website, social media plugins may allow that social media website to receive directly identifiable information about you that shows you have visited our website. The social media plugin may collect this information for visitors who have logged into social networks, whether or not they specifically interact with the plugin on our website. Social media plugins also allow the social media website to share information about your activities on our website with other users of their social media website. Lilly does not control any of the content from social media plugins. For more information about social plugins from social media websites you should refer to those sites’ privacy and data sharing statements.
Reasons We Share Your Information
We may share your Personal Information with our agents, contractors or partners in connection with work that they do for, or with, Lilly, such as sending email messages, managing data, hosting our databases, providing data processing services, providing customer service, or so we may enhance or add data about you from these other entities. All third parties that have access to your information have agreed to protect the information and to use it only as directed by us.
We may also be required to disclose your information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to comply with national security or law enforcement requests. In exceptionally rare circumstances where national, state or company security is at issue, we reserve the right to share our entire database of visitors and customers with appropriate governmental authorities.
We may also provide your Personal Information to a third party in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of a website to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your Information will be saved for a period of time needed to fulfil legitimate and lawful business purposes, in accordance with our records retention policies and applicable laws and regulations.
Children’s Information
This site is not intended for or designed for individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any person under the age of 18.
How We Secure Your Information
We provide reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information we work with and maintain. We limit access to your information to authorised employees, agents, contractors, vendors, subsidiaries, and business partners, or others who need such access to information to carry out their assigned roles and responsibilities on behalf of Lilly.
Please be aware, although we try to protect the information we work with and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Your Rights and Choices
You have the right to request information from us on how your personal information is being used and with whom that information is being shared. You also have the right to see and get a copy of the personal information that we have about you. If you believe any of this information to be inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to request its correction or erasure.
There may be limitations on our ability to comply with your request.
How to Contact Us
You may make any of the above requests by contacting us at:
Privacy Officer c/o Eli Lilly and Company (NZ) Limited
PO box 109197 Newmarket
Auckland 1149 New Zealand
Free Phone: 0800 500 056
You may also contact us at the above if you have questions about this Privacy Statement.
How to Submit a Complaint
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, you can contact us at:
Privacy Officer c/o Eli Lilly and Company (NZ) Limited
PO box 109197 Newmarket
Auckland 1149 New Zealand
Free Phone: 0800 500 056
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal information not in accordance with the law you can register a complaint with a Data Protection Authority (DPA) such as the New Zealand Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
Links to Third Party Websites
As a convenience to our visitors, this Website may contain links to other sites owned and operated by third parties that we believe may offer useful information. The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to those sites. We are not responsible for the collection or use of Personal Information at any third-party sites. Therefore, we disclaim any liability for any third party's use of Personal Information obtained through using the third-party website. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy, security, data collection, and distribution policies.
Transfer of Personal Information Internationally
Lilly may transmit personal information about you to other Lilly affiliates worldwide. These affiliates may in turn transmit personal information about you to other Lilly affiliates. Some of Lilly’s affiliates may be located in countries that do not ensure an adequate level of data protection. Nevertheless, all of Lilly’s affiliates are required to treat personal information in a manner consistent with this notice.
Changes to Our Privacy Practices
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do update it, for your convenience, we will make the updated statement available on this page. We will always handle your Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time it was collected. We will not make any materially different change in how we use or disclose your Personal Information unless we notify you and give you an opportunity to object.
Last Updated: April 2020
The link you clicked on will take you to a site maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Eli Lilly and Company does not control, influence, or endorse this site, and the opinions, claims or comments expressed on this site should not be attributed to Eli Lilly and Company. Eli Lilly and Company is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site you visit.
Agreed
Cancel