http://www.ivch.org/patients-visitors/visitor/covid-19-visitor-policy/
Patients & Visitors
Find a Physician
Interactive Hospital Map
Financial Assistance
IVCH Careers
Pay Bill
Patients & Visitors
Visitor
COVID-19 Visitor Policy
IVCH RESTRICTED VISITOR POLICY
DURING THE COVID-19 OUTBREAK
(UPDATED 8-11-20)
Patients must enter IVCH through the 6th Street door next to the Emergency
Department where they will be screened for COVID symptoms and have their
temperatures checked. All patients and visitors must wear face masks over
both their nose and mouth during their time in the hospital. Visitors
who refuse to wear masks will not be allowed to enter the hospital. Patients
who cannot wear face masks due to medical conditions will be given face
shields. Patients coming to IVCH for x-rays, lab tests, and EKG’s
should not bring anyone with them unless medically necessary.
Emergency department no visitors are allowed. Pediatric patients may have both parents or guardians
with them. Patients with developmental disabilities or dementia may have
a caregiver or guardian with them. The accompanying person will not be
allowed to leave the ED patient’s room unless authorized to do so
by an IVCH staff member.
Medical floor no visitor allowed at this time. The IVCH nursing staff will call you with
updates on the patient’s progress.
ICU patients and COVID positive patients will not be allowed to have visitors
at this time. Video visits may be arranged by contacting the ICU staff
at 815-780-3558.
OB patients may have one visitor with them during their entire stay.
Pediatric patients admitted for day surgery may have both parents (or guardians) with them
from admission until they go home later the same day. Pediatric patients
admitted for overnight stays may have both parents (or guardians) with them.
Patients with disabilities may have one person with them for their entire stay.
Surgical patients may have one person with them during their entire stay. The accompanying
person will not be allowed to leave the patient’s room unless authorized
to do so by an IVCH staff member.
Visitors for
end-of-life patients will be decided on a case-by-case basis.
All visitors must wear masks at all times, check in at the nurses’
station before going to patient rooms, and wear visitor tags at all times.
Visitors must stay in the patients room at all times and not walk around
the hospital. We understand you may need to leave the hospital and come
back later but we ask that you limit the number of times you do this to
minimize any potential Covid-19 exposure to our patients and staff.
If you are feeling ill or feverish, you must leave IVCH immediately and
contact your healthcare provider.
Patient
Doctor Visit Checklist
Patient Experience
Billing, Payment & Insurance Information
IVCH Charges
Pay Bill
Financial Assistance
Going Home
Patient Portals
Patient Representative
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Daisy Award
Sunflower Award
Notice of Privacy Practices
Visitor
Visiting IVCH
Send an E-Card
Visiting Hours
COVID-19 Visitor Policy
Community
Calendar of Events
Physician
General
Classes
Diabetes Center
Support
Groups
Clinics
My Profile
Health Scene Publication
IVCH Support Groups
Useful Links
Video Center
General
What You Need To Know About COVID-19 (coronavirus)