http://www.acpeds.org/terms
Login
Dues
About Us
Meet our Board
Frequently Asked Questions
Resources
Our Positions
Topics
Patient Handouts
Parent Talk
For Policymakers
Find a Pediatrician
News
Blog
In the Media
Press Releases
Newsletter
Job Board
Contact Us
Donate
Become a Member
Member
Login
About
Resources
News
Contact
Dues
Donate
Become a Member
TermsTerms of UsePlease Read Before Using This SiteBy viewing the contents and/or using the services offered by the American College of Pediatricians (ACPeds) website, you signify your assent and agreement to abide by the following Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all of these conditions, please refrain from visiting our website. The ACPeds reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time without notification, other than what is published in this Terms of Use document. Your continued use of the site indicates your acceptance of these changes.Copyright NoticeAll of the images, multimedia content, articles, and services (“Contents”) of the ACPeds website are either licensed to or exclusive property of ACPeds. All Contents or information on this site are to be used for personal, non-commercial purposes only, unless specifically stated. Certain articles on the ACPeds website are available for download and/or public distribution, such as the Position Statements. Only Contents that are clearly intended and labeled for this purpose are available for wider use and/or distribution. Those who use, download, and/or distribute these resources agree to abide by the Terms of Use specific to them (if applicable).Disclaimer of Contents and LiabilityThe ACPeds website is not intended for persons under 13 years of age.Please read our Privacy Policy for more information on our commitment to protect the information and privacy of visitors to our site.The Contents of the ACPeds Website do not provide medical advice.Although the ACPeds seeks to present the most current and relevant information available on some healthcare issues, the ACPeds does not guarantee the reliability or accuracy of this information. No information presented through the ACPeds website should be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, and/or treatment.The ACPeds makes no warranty, expressed or implied, does not accept any liability for any of the Contents or information on our website, or the use of that information.Third-Party Websites, Products, and ServicesThe ACPeds website provides referrals and links to other World Wide Websites. The mention of another party or its product and/or services on this site should not be construed as an endorsement of that party by the ACPeds unless otherwise stated. The ACPeds is not responsible for the content or practices of third-party sites that may be linked to from our site.Advertising and ClassifiedsThe appearance of advertising is neither a guarantee, nor an endorsement by the ACPeds. As a matter of policy, ACPeds will sell classified advertising space on its website and other published materials when the inclusion of this advertising does not interfere with the mission or objectives of ACPeds or its services or publications. Such listings should not be seen as an endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered through other organizations or websites that you can access through our site.Linking to Our WebsiteThese are the terms and conditions that you and/or your organization agree to abide by when a link to the ACPeds website is included anywhere on your website:You agree not to use the ACPeds website or our visitors and their personal information as a tool to initiate fund raising or solicitation activity.No warranties (expressed or implied), obligations, or financial reimbursement are expected of the ACPeds as a result of our website appearing on your website’s page(s).It is understood that the ACPeds reserves the right to request, for any reason, the removal of the link to our site from any page(s) that are on your website. You agree to comply with such a request within five (5) business days of notification.If you use the ACPeds logo for any reason on your website, you agree to use only approved logo graphics and will not tamper with the image or change it in any way.