http://www.wernermd.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Michael A. Werner, MD, FACS is the Medical Director of Maze Health, parent company of Maze Men’s Sexual and Reproductive Health, and is responsible for its operation.
The contents of this site are original. The contents and the health/medical information provided in this website are authored and edited by Michael A. Werner, MD, FACS Medical Director of Maze Health.
The website, mazemenshealth.com, is intended to provide authoritative information for those interested in male sexuality and infertility.
The information provided on mazemenshealth.com is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient/site visitor and his/her physician.
The Privacy/Confidentiality Policy of Maze Health regarding e-mail addresses, personal and medical information conforms to the requirements of the HIPAA. No confidential, private or semi-private information such as email addresses, content of emails, contact information, names, personal or medical data received from our visitors are shared with any third parties. Visitors’ data will be recorded in Maze Health’s own database, which can be accessed only by Maze Health. This site has cookies. This information is used for Maze Health’s own statistics (anonymously), and these statistics are not used by a third party or by other companies. Any email address collected will be used only for the purpose stated. Email addresses will never be sold.
Maze Health respects the legal requirements, including those concerning medical and personal information/privacy that apply in the USA and the State of New York.
The benefits and performance of the procedures offered by Maze Health are based on the professional training and medical experience of the medical director, medical practitioners, staff specialists and staff experts.
Readers may contact the webmaster using the link to be found on the Contact Us page.
Maze Labs website is a commercial site sponsored and funded entirely by Maze Health. No advertising is accepted, displayed or hosted.
Blog Policy
Michael A. Werner, MD, FACS is the administrator and moderator of the Maze Men’s Health Blog found at www.MazeMensHealth.com/blog/.
All contributors and moderators of www.MazeMensHealth.com/blog/ are employees of or affiliated to Maze Health.
All users/contributors are by default considered as non medical professionals, unless otherwise stated.
If a health professional gives medical information as a platform user, his status as a medical professional must be identified.
Platform users and moderators must behave at all times with respect and honesty.
In the event of disrespectful or inappropriate behavior, administrators reserve the right to delete or block comments or users in question. Moderators will first warn a platform user before banning them.
Everyone can read a post and use its content. All comments and posts are moderated and only administrators are able to delete or modify existing posts.
The information provided on www.MazeMensHealth.com/blog/ is designed to complement, not replace, the relationship between a patient and his/her own physician.
The minimum age for the use or participation on the www.MazeMensHealth.com/blog/ is 18 years. Any user found to be below the age of 18 will be removed without further notice.
Platform users must provide references for the health/medical information they provide when it is not personal experience.
Personal experience is any symptom, test, treatment etc. that the person or a close family member has undergone himself/herself.
All users of the platform undertake the responsibility to disseminate only information that is true and correct in light of their knowledge.
Platform users do not have the right to publish advertisements in the form of content, banner or links.
Vasectomy The no-scalpel, no-needle vasectomy is a significant improvement over a conventional procedure. Learn More
Low T Are you experiencing low sex drive? Do you feel less energetic and that your strength isn’t what it was? Learn More
Erectile Dysfunction If you have a penis, you can achieve an erection. We just need to figure out what works best for you. Learn More
Maze Labs Maze has a full lab in house to ensure the most immediate and accurate testing.
Maze Cord Blood An FDA approved and regulated facility, Maze Cord Blood maintains the highest possible standards in the industry.
CONTACT US
Maze Men’s Sexual & Reproductive HealthLed by Michael A. Werner, MD, a board-certified urologist specializing in sexual and reproductive health, Maze has always focused on making a difference in people’s lives. This approach — one of compassion, medical sophistication and an openness to new techniques — extends to each individual area of our practice.Contact UsManhattan Office 646-380-2600
Westchester Office 914-997-4100
info@MazeMensHealth.com
Quick LinksPatient Login
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
HONcode Certified
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information:
Verify here.
Last Updated: December 2020