http://www.einstein.edu/heart-surgery/conditions
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Heart Surgery / Conditions & Treatments
Heart Surgery
Heart Surgery Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
No matter how tough you are, heart conditions are frightening. It’s nice to know you’ll be cared for by a team of surgeons, anesthesiologists and nurses who will treat your case on an individual basis, caring for you as if you are family.
We treat a full range of heart conditions, including:
Adult Congenital Heart Conditions
The cardiovascular team at Einstein Healthcare Network provides best-in-class diagnosis and care for patients with congenital heart disease, and will work with you and your family to provide options – not only to manage your condition, but also to thrive.
Learn More
Aortic Disease
As the largest artery in your body, the aorta is a critical part of your circulatory system and can cause serious heart problems when weakened or torn. Our board-certified cardiac surgery team specializes in repairing damage to the aorta using the most advanced surgical techniques.
Learn More
Atrial Fibrillation
Atrial fibrillation, or AFib, is the most common type of irregular heartbeat. Our cardiology and heart surgery teams specialize in comprehensive, personalized treatment for AFib. Depending on your condition and other factors, your doctor may recommend treating your AFib with medication or a minimally invasive procedure.
Learn More
Cardiac Tumors
While most cardiac tumors are noncancerous, they can still interfere with normal heart function depending on the size and location and may cause serious problems. In rare cases, a small piece of a tumor can disconnect, enter the bloodstream and form blockages that interfere with blood flow to vital organs. Our skilled team of surgeons are experts in procedures to treat cardiac tumors.
Learn More
Coronary Artery Disease
Coronary artery disease (CAD), which has very few warning signs, is the most common type of heart disease, and is caused by a buildup of plaque along the walls of an artery. Recognized for innovation in diagnosing and treating treat time-sensitive heart conditions as quickly as possible, our surgery team delivers exceptional care for coronary artery disease and resulting cardiac events.
Learn More
Heart Failure
Heart failure is a chronic, progressive illness that causes the heart to become too weak to effectively pump blood through the body over time. Our heart failure specialists are experts in the field, who use the latest medications and treatments like ventricular assist devices (VADs) to treat and manage your disease and improve your quality of life.
Learn More
Heart Valve Conditions
Heart valve conditions occur when one or more of the valves that direct the flow of blood through the heart do not work properly. Our heart surgery team is among the area’s most experienced with heart valve conditions. Each year, we help thousands of patients, performing thousands of procedures with a special emphasis on a minimally invasive approach.
Learn More
Cardiac Trauma
Severe blunt trauma to the heart can lead to critical muscle damage that reduces heart function, ruptures a chamber of your heart, or damages a critical heart valve.
Learn More
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of heart and vascular health and are actively invested in resident education.
Accreditation & Partnerships
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.