http://www.infoway-inforoute.ca/en/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Share this page:
Tweet
0
in
Share
Share
Print Email
Infoway Website Privacy Policy
September 1, 2020
The Canada Health Infoway (Infoway) Website User Privacy Policy sets out how Infoway collects, uses and discloses the personal information obtained through our websites in English and French. Our websites include:
Canada Health Infoway
InfoCentral
PrescribeIT®
ACCESS 2022
Your privacy is important to Infoway, and you should know how Infoway uses the information you provide.
Canada's Anti-Spam Law
Infoway has implemented a series of practices to comply with the consent and unsubscribing provisions for Commercial Electronic Messages (CEMs) in Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL). Where consent is required by CASL, Infoway ensures that recipients have expressly opted-in or have given their consent to receive Infoway communications. Infoway sends a “Notice of Withdrawal of Consent” within 10 business days of an unsubscribe request.
Use of Cookies
Infoway uses cookies to collect information about usage patterns. This information assists Infoway in tracking traffic and site use, as well as in developing content that responds to the interests of visitors. These cookies assign a number to each visitor to capture the frequency of visits and document what pages the user is viewing. These cookies also recognize the type and version of web browser used, to ensure our site is technically accessible.
Cookies do not contain any personal information about an individual and cannot be used to identify you personally. Cookie preferences can be viewed and adjusted through your web browser.
Infoway uses Google Analytics to collect information on our websites. Individuals may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Social Media Tracking Pixels
We use Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave. Palo Alto CA 94304, US), Twitter, Inc. (1355 Market St. Ste. 900 San Francisco, CA 94103, US) and LinkedIn (1000 W Maude, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, US) social media tracking pixels on our website. This helps us track what users do after they click on a social media ad and to determine the effectiveness of our ads. Data collected in this way is anonymous to us, which means we cannot see the personal data of individual users. However, data from Facebook pixels is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook can connect this data with your Facebook account and use it for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Policy, which can be found at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and outside of Facebook. A cookie can also be saved on your device for these purposes.
Please click here if you would like to withdraw your consent from Facebook.
You can learn more about LinkedIn Marketing Solutions and The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) here.
You can learn more about your privacy control for personalized ads on Twitter here.
Remarketing
Infoway websites may use Google Ads and/or Facebook remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors to our site. We and our third-party vendors use cookies and pixels to inform, optimize and serve ads based on a user’s past visits. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, a site in the Google Display Network, or somewhere on Facebook. Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Infoway website. Any data collected is anonymized and will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy, as well as Google and Facebook privacy policies.
You can opt-out of remarketing by visiting the links below:
For Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
Personal Information Collected by Infoway
During a visit to our websites, it will be clear when Infoway will collect personal information.
Information collected when using our websites is used to:
Improve web content
Develop new products and services
Provide information about Infoway services, promotions and upcoming events.
Personal information collected by Infoway during access to our websites is stored in secure data storage to prevent unauthorized access, use and disclosure. Infoway stores the information for as long as necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy or as required by law.
Individuals may access and amend their personal information provided to Infoway through their personal information profile, using their login credentials.
Registration for an Infoway Account
When you register for an Infoway account on InfoCentral or renew access for HL7 International Standards, Infoway collects your contact information for administrative and communication purposes. This information is used to contact you, to administer the site, to analyze site use, and to respect our contractual commitment with licensors such as HL7 International and and SNOMED International, or to solicit feedback on artifacts downloaded via Terminology Gateway or Terminology API. Email us to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. from receiving feedback request emails of terminology downloads from the Maintaining Organization..
HL7 International Access is required for all Canadian implementers incorporating HL7 materials in a product and for participating in HL7 International working groups and balloting.
The contact information you provide Infoway is used to advise you about changes to standards or licence requirements as well as to provide notices of maintenance to InfoCentral. If you wish to receive Infoway e-newsletters or other periodic updates about news related to pan-Canadian Standards, events and other engagement opportunities, you will be required to opt in. To select these communications, please visit your InfoCentral profile.
Products and services offered through Infoway may require payment. Information related to the processing of payments for these services may be passed to a secure third-party payment service that may be located outside of Canada. Credit card information required to process payments, with the exception of your name, is not retained by Infoway. Infoway has entered into written agreements with our third-party providers to ensure your privacy is respected.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Infoway will not sell, share or otherwise distribute personal information except as provided in this Policy.
Infoway will disclose personal information only when required by law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding.
Electronic Correspondence
Infoway uses a third-party provider, MailChimp, to send newsletters and updates to individuals who have elected to receive these communications. Subscriber lists are stored on a secure MailChimp server. MailChimp provides Infoway with statistics on email campaigns, such as the rate of opening, link clicks, and unsubscribe rates. These analytics are used by Infoway to monitor trends and improve campaigns.
External Links
Our websites may include links to other organizations' websites. Infoway provides these links for the user’s information and convenience. Infoway is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of other sites.
Updates and Conditions of Use
Infoway will update this Policy as necessary to reflect changes to our personal information practices. These changes will be noted on Infoway’s corporate website (www.infoway-inforoute.ca). Use of our websites indicates your acceptance of Infoway’s Website User Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Contact Us
Questions, comments or concerns regarding this Policy should be directed to our Chief Privacy Officer at:
Chief Privacy Officer  Canada Health Infoway  150 King St. W., Suite 1300  Toronto, Ontario M5H 1J9
To learn more about privacy at Infoway, please read our Privacy Policy.
Legal Menu
Home
Site MapTerms Of UsePrivacy PolicyAccessibilityDisclaimers
RT @GovCanHealth: #GoC is working closely with PTs to make sure the 1st shipments of #COVID19 #vaccines are distributed quickly. From the i…
by Infoway
Digital Health Working for You.
Transforming health care in Canada through health information technology.
Contact Us
Our Locations
Toronto Office
Montreal Office
General Inquiries
T: (416) 979-4606 Toll Free: 1-888-733-6462
Procurement
T: (514) 868-0550
Media Inquiries
T: (416) 595-3167 Toll Free: 1-888-733-6462