https://www.bupa.co.uk/legal-notices
Legal notices and terms of use
Legal notices and terms of use
Complaint statistics
Bupa privacy and cookie notice
Bupa Touch
Smart DNA legal information
Be.Me Legal Information
Social media terms and conditions
Bupa’s trading addresses
Data safety tips
Bupa’s board diversity policy
Notices, Terms and DisclaimerThese legal notices and terms of use set out information about this website www.bupa.co.uk (“Site”) which is provided by Bupa, details about Bupa and the terms of use on which you may make use of the site which includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our Site. References in these notices and terms to “you” and “your” mean the person accessing and using this website. References to “we”, “us”, “our” and “Bupa”, mean The British United Provident Association Limited and its group companies (further details of which are set out below).By using our Site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
Terms of use
These terms, together with any documents we refer to below, set out the legal terms that apply to your use of our Site whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our Site includes accessing, browsing or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms carefully before you start to use our Site. These terms apply to your use of our Site or any use you make of materials, documentation or content posted or made available on our Site (including, but not limited to text, data, information, graphics, interfaces, logos, photographs, video and other media material made available). (together being “Materials”).
By accessing and using our Site, you confirm that you accept these terms and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our Site. All rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
Other applicable terms
Please note that these terms relate to the use of our Site. If you purchase products or services from our Site, additional terms and conditions for those products and/or services will apply.
Before you purchase your health insurance policy online please make sure that you read the terms and conditions and declarations which will apply to this sort of purchase.
Where and to the extent that any section of our Site allows users to upload and/or post content or other information, then our Social Media Terms and Conditions shall also apply to the use of and access to such part of our Site.
If you have any questions about this, or any other aspects of our Site, please Contact Us.
Welcome to our Site
Bupa.co.uk has been designed to allow access by internet users.
We have provided our Site to help you to find out about Bupa, its businesses and services.
We welcome your feedback on any of the Material we post, which you can do via the Contact Us page of our Site. From time to time some areas of our Site, such as Bupa job application pages, are password protected and access is restricted to particular users who have chosen to register their details with us. This is to protect the personal data that they have provided to us from public access.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures in relation to our Site, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it, or allow it to be disclosed, to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use or any other term or policy set out or referred to therein or otherwise on our Site or applicable to you.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us by emailing at dataprotection@bupa.com.
Bupa details and regulation
Bupa's health insurance is provided by Bupa Insurance Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 03956433 and registered office: 1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ. Bupa Insurance Limited is a subsidiary of The British United Provident Association Limited.
Bupa Insurance Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority. The Financial Conduct Authority does not regulate the activities of Bupa Insurance Limited that take place outside of the UK.
Bupa Insurance Services Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England and Wales number 03829851 and registered office:  1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ
Details of the Financial Conduct Authority (including details of its rules) and details of the Prudential Regulation Authority (including details of its rules) can be found on
its website and the Prudential Regulation Authority (together with details of its rules) can be found on the Bank of England website. Details of the rules and handbooks for both the FCA and PRA can also be found on the
Bank of England website.
You can check the Financial Services Register by visiting https://register.fca.org.ukor by contacting the Financial Conduct Authority on 0800 111 6768.
The PRA and FCA regulation numbers of Bupa Insurance Limited and Bupa Insurance Services Limited are 203332 and 312526 respectively.
Changes or updates
We may revise these terms, and/or the other terms and/or notices set out on this site at any time by amending the relevant page and/or updating the terms or notices on it. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as your continued use of our Site following the posting or making of any changes will confirm your acceptance of these changes.
We also reserve the right to change any of the content and/or Material on the site from time to time.
Loss of access to our Site
Sometimes and possibly without notice, we may withdraw or suspend access to some or all of the Materials or pages available on our Site. This is often to allow us to maintain or protect our Site. Whilst we do not expect this to happen regularly, if it does, we apologise for any inconvenience that may be caused.
Please note, however, that we are not liable for any loss or inconvenience you may suffer should our Site or any of its Material become unavailable at any time or for any period. We ask that you respect our Site and the right of other users to enjoy its Material. Your access is as our guest and in the event of any breach, or reasonably suspected breach, by you of these terms, your right to use our Site will cease immediately and without notice.
Accessibility
Bupa is committed to providing equal access to our information. We want everyone to be able to view and navigate our websites effectively and easily. Our Site is designed to meet the Level Double-A criteria of the Web Accessibility Initiative WCAG 2.0 requirements. See the WAI website for more information./p>
Customising Bupa websites: Bupa website pages are designed so that you can change the style, size and colour of the font, and the colour of the background. If you wish to do so, please see the guides for some of the most popular web browsers below:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Firefox
Navigating Bupa websites: our websites contain many links to useful information which are coloured to make them easily noticeable. When your mouse cursor hovers over these links, a short descriptive text box will normally appear. For non-mouse users and those that use screen readers, Bupa website pages can be accessed using your standard keyboard shortcuts and links are made as descriptive as possible.
Help with downloads: our content may contain links to PDF files. You will need a PDF reader installed on your computer to open these. Most can be downloaded for free, e.g. Adobe Acrobat Reader (Windows or Mac), or Foxit Reader (Windows). As we continue to develop our website and Materials, we will work towards improved adherence to global accessibility guidelines. We welcome any feedback. If you have comments or questions,please contact us.
Intellectual property rights
The design and layout of our Site and the Materials posted on it attract and are protected by various legal rights. The law refers to these as intellectual property rights (“IPRs”), which include copyright and trademark rights. We are the owner or the licensee of all IPRs in our Site and in the Materials published on it, whether registered or unregistered, and we reserve all rights in the same.
Nothing in these terms grants you any right, title or interest to any of the IPRs on, or within, this Site or any Materials on our Site. This is especially true of our ‘Bupa’ trading name and the ‘Bupa heartbeat’ logos which are registered trademarks of Bupa. Please note that you can enjoy the rights given to you under English law (e.g. making fair use of the Materials) and those rights set out below and we encourage you to share our Materials in the hope that they will help others to adopt a healthier lifestyle. However, we reserve our right to take any appropriate legal action required to protect or enforce our legal rights if you should seek to misuse or otherwise abuse our Site or any of the Materials in any way or if you infringe our IPRs in any way.
Please note that if there are any other laws outside the UK that attach to any of the Materials posted online or to our Site, we reserve our rights under these other laws accordingly. Please also be aware that you are responsible for obeying all applicable laws in any relevant jurisdiction relating to the IPRs subsisting in our Site and any Materials, especially if you are accessing our Site from outside the UK.
Bupa and/or its licensors are the owners of the copyright and database rights in our Site, except where specifically stated otherwise, including without limitation content data, design, graphics, text, images, software and underlying source codes. Bupa is the owner of all trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and devices appearing on our Site, whether registered or unregistered, except where specifically stated otherwise.
Sharing our Site and its content
If you see any Materials on our Site that you want to download, copy or share with others, or if you want to link to our Site, you should check carefully that this sort of activity is allowed under the permissions set out below. Many pages on our Site are provided with functionality to share links and/or content to Facebook, Twitter, email and other sharing services. In these instances specific permissions should have been set out. If it is unclear then please see the permission terms set out below.
If you want to reproduce or publish any of our Bupa content in your own publication or website, you must always identify Bupa as the source of the extract copied and provide a link back to our Site. Linking to our Site is dealt with in the section set out below. Otherwise, you will not be authorised to use our Site or the Materials in this way or to link to our Site and may be in breach of UK IPR laws or other similar local laws outside the UK (see above) which could result in sanctions or legal action being taken against you.
Linking
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our Site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other Site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply in all material respects with the content standards set out in these Legal Notices and Terms of Use and any documents referred to in them and in our Social Media Policy.
If you wish to make any use of content on our Site other than that set out above, please contact us.
Permissions to download or print content
If you print or download any Materials from our Site, please treat them with respect and do not change, edit, manipulate or deface the pages printed or downloaded.
Please always acknowledge us (or one of our contributors if that is the case) as the author of the Materials and state that you have sourced it from www.bupa.co.uk. You should also inform any person you share Materials with that these terms apply to them and that they must comply with them. You must not use any of the Materials or otherwise link to or access our Site for commercial purposes without our consent. If you are a member of the press then use of these Materials (and others) is granted at our media centre.
Links to other Sites
Other websites, apps or resources may be available via a link from our Site and not all of these are owned or controlled by us. As such, before clicking a link to other websites, apps or resources please be aware that they may be subject to separate terms and conditions. Please carefully check these terms of use before accessing or using their content. We have no control over the content of any third party non-Bupa sites, apps or resources, and so cannot accept any responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. In particular, it is the responsibility of the relevant third parties to ensure that such websites, apps and resources (and any related material) comply with all relevant laws and regulations.
To the fullest extent permissible by law, Bupa excludes any and all liability for any third party content including, without limitation any error, omission or inaccuracy in such material or its failure to comply with the relevant laws or regulations. Please note, the inclusion of a link to a third party website should not be taken in itself to mean endorsement by Bupa of the website, the Site owner, or any specific content to which it points.
This Site, or other Bupa websites or apps that it links to may enable you to enter into a contract with us, or another Bupa entity for the supply of certain information, goods or services. Where you use any other such Bupa websites or apps or where you make any purchase, your use of the website or app or any purchase made shall be governed by the specific terms and conditions set out on that website or app or made available to you at the time of purchase.
Direct Debit Guarantee
This section applies in respect of any relevant direct debits.
This guarantee is offered by all banks and building societies that accept instructions to pay direct debits.
If there are any changes to the amount, date or frequency of your direct debit, Bupa will notify you 10 working days in advance of your account being debited or as otherwise agreed. If you request Bupa to collect a payment, confirmation of the amount and date will be given to you at the time of the request.
If an error is made in the payment of your direct debit by Bupa or your bank or building society, you are entitled to a full and immediate refund of the amount paid from your bank or building society. If you receive a refund you are not entitled to, you must pay it back when Bupa asks you to.
You can cancel a direct debit at any time by simply contacting your bank or building society. Written confirmation may be required. Please also notify us.
Viruses and other malware
Whilst we make efforts to try and ensure that any Materials available for download from our Site will be free from infection, viruses and/or other harmful code, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that it will be so. As a guest to our Site, please understand that you are solely responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus, firewall and other security protection) on any system or equipment you might use to access our Site. As such, we are not liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Information available on our Site
Please note that we cannot accept any liability or responsibility for any reliance you, or anyone else who may be informed about or with whom you share any of our content, might place on any of the Materials. Any medical or other professional advice or information posted on our Site should be regarded as general information only and not a substitute for professional advice. You should always seek specific advice related to your circumstances from your doctor or other appropriate professional.
Updates to content
Whilst we update the Materials on our Site, from time to time, this is not always possible or practicable. As such we do not give any guarantee or commitment that our Materials will always be accurate or up to date so do please check this before placing any reliance on the information freely provided.
Content locality
Unless otherwise specified, the content and materials on our Site are directed solely at those who access our Site from within the United Kingdom mainland. The Bupa group makes no representation that any information, product or service referred to in the content or materials on our Site are appropriate for use, or available, in other locations outside of the United Kingdom mainland. Those who choose to access our Site from other locations are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
Accuracy of content
Unless otherwise stated, our Site is for information only. Bupa has aimed to use reasonable care and skill in compiling the content of our Site but makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy of any information on our Site and Bupa shall not be liable for any errors or omissions.
Sensitive content
Our Site may contain content featuring or graphically representing medical or surgical procedures, which are provided for educational or informative purposes only. If you find or are likely to find such images offensive please do not view them or if necessary click on the "Back" button at the top left hand corner of your screen or click on the "Home" link which appears as the first tab on the row of tabs towards the top of the screen. Given that there is such content on our Site, parents are advised not to allow their children to browse our Site. You should not access our Site if you are under the age of 18.
Use of content
Bupa shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage that may arise from their use of or reliance on any of the information, content or materials included in our Site including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of actual or anticipated profits, loss of revenue, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of anticipated savings, loss of goodwill, loss of reputation, loss or damage to or corruption of data, loss of use of money or otherwise.
The information, content or Material contained on our Site is/are for information only and is not intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice nor is it intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment, generally or in any given situation. You should seek specific professional or specialist advice before doing anything on the basis of any content found on our Site.
Third party content
Material appearing on our Site may include advertising and other material submitted by parties other than Bupa. It is the responsibility of the relevant third parties to ensure that such material complies with all relevant laws and regulations. To the fullest extent permissible by law, Bupa excludes any and all liability for any third party content including, without limitation any error, omission or inaccuracy in such material or its failure to comply with the relevant laws or regulations.
Information about you
Given the informational nature of our Site, relatively little information may be collected about our Site visitors. However, should any information be collected or processed about you, that will be done and carried out under and in accordance with our
Privacy and Cookie Policy. By using our Site, you consent to this processing and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. If you have any queries or concerns please contact us .
Cookies
For more information about how we use cookies on our Site, please see our
Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Our liability for our Site
Our Site and all Materials are provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis. This means that there are no guarantees, conditions or warranties (express or implied) offered by Bupa, or the other members of the Bupa group of companies, or any third parties connected to us that any of our Materials will be:
complete, accurate, up to date or error-free
available or uninterrupted
suitable for any particular purpose or capable of performing any function or providing any particular result; or
free of viruses, contamination or destructive features
To the extent permitted by law, we, the other members of the Bupa group of companies and all third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
all conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity
all liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any person in connection with our Site or in connection with or resulting from the use or inability to use our Site and/or any Materials and any websites linked to our Site or Materials including, without limitation, any liability for:
loss of income or revenue
loss of business
loss of profits or contracts
loss of anticipated savings
loss of data
loss of goodwill
wasted management or office time
and however the loss in question arises and whether it is caused by tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, and regardless of whether it was foreseeable or not.
If, in any way whatsoever, we are found to be liable to you for any damage or loss (including, without limitation, through negligence) which arises in any way out of, or is in any way connected with, your use of our Site or Materials or service. Our liability shall not exceed the total of GBP50 (fifty pounds).
These terms do not affect, or exclude or limit Bupa’s liability for
(a) death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Bupa or any of its employees or agents
(b) liability arising from any fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by Bupa or any of its employees or agents
(c) any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law.
General terms
If any part of these terms or notices is or are deemed unlawful, void, invalid, illegal or for any reason unenforceable under applicable laws then that part will be deemed deleted and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining parts. Any failure by us to enforce our rights or remedies under these terms of use or otherwise shall not be construed as a waiver by us of those or any other rights or remedies.
Governing law
These terms and the notices on this site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with our Site or its Materials, including any IPR infringement or dispute and/or non-contractual dispute or claim will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim (including, without limitation, any non-contract claim) arising from any use of our Site or its Materials although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these terms in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
Financial Crime
At Bupa, we’re here to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. That means caring for our customers over the long term, building trust and strong relationships with our communities and growing our business in a safe, ethical and sustainable way. Combating financial crime plays an important part in achieving these goals: building a culture of honesty and integrity, playing our part in reducing crime and identifying those involved in criminal activity and, by reducing fraud, better managing costs and protecting our customers.
Bupa UK has zero tolerance for all forms of financial crime including fraud and corruption. We take these matters extremely seriously – we have policies, training programmes and monitoring processes to manage these risks. We also have a confidential “Speak Up” facility to enable our people to report any suspicions or concerns about possible financial crime or malpractice. Our people are required to maintain high standards of conduct and integrity the Bupa Code sets out what we expect of them. We expect the same of our business partners; those who supply goods and services to Bupa UK, agents, brokers or other intermediaries acting on our behalf.
Modern slavery statement
Bupa is committed to combating the real and growing problem of modern slavery and human trafficking. Read our latest statement (PDF 0.1MB) under the UK's Modern Slavery Act for the financial year ending 31 December 2019.
Bupa Insurance Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Bupa Insurance Services Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.