http://www.shawcancercenter.com/policies-and-terms
Home
Policies & Terms
POLICIES & TERMS
VAIL HEALTH - SHAW CANCER CENTER
Website Privacy Policy (May 10, 2012. Revised August 2017)
Thank you for visiting Shaw Cancer Center a service of Vail Health Hospital (the "Website"). The Website is offered as an informational and personal education service by Vail Health.
PLEASE READ THIS WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY, THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND CONDITIONS OF USE ("TERMS AND CONDITION"), AND THE HIPAA PRIVACY POLICY (COLLECTIVELY, THE "POLICIES") BECAUSE THEY GOVERN YOUR USE OF SHAW CANCER CENTER WEBSITE ("THIS WEBSITE").
WHAT INFORMATION DOES VAIL HEALTH COLLECT AND HOW IS THAT DATA USED?
Vail Health collects information from our users at several different points on our Website. We collect the following types of personal and non-personal information that are necessary for our legitimate business purposes, and we maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of this information. We will not use this information other than as described below.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Vail Health collects information about you for certain, legitimate purposes, including responding to your requests for information and processing your request to be added to our e-mail list. To the extent that you choose to pay your bill or make a donation on the Shaw Cancer Center Website, or provide other personal information, such information, including any credit card, financial and billing information that you provide, is used solely for the designated purpose, e.g., name, amount and billing information for a donation. To pay a bill, you must access a protected Webpage through a portal that requires you to provide a user name and password.  Financial and billing information is securely processed by third party vendors with whom Vail Health has contracts to process payments. The third party vendors may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Vail Health also collects information about you that you submit, for example,  for purposes of a job search, in response to a volunteer opportunity or to make a complaint.  You understand that Vail Health, or a vendor, may use this information for the purpose of your submission, and will not use your information for any other purpose.
Our Web server also collects:
•    the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account);
•    the date and time you access our service;
•    the pages you visit;
•    the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to us;
•    the name and release number of the Web browser software you are using.
This information is collected automatically and is not linked to your personal identity. It is used in an aggregate way to help us improve our Website and make it more useful to you. This information may be shared with a third-party Web analytics company.
By submitting your information to Shaw Cancer Center's Website, you are consenting to our use of your data as described herein.  If you do not consent, you should not use the Website.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Certain non-personal information about visits is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers on which this Website is hosted.  Non-personally identifiable information ("Aggregate Data") may be used for our business purposes, including, but not limited to, improvement of the design and content of the Website. Vail Health shall own such Aggregate Data and it may be shared with Vail Health third parties, e.g., a design consultant, and others for appropriate business purposes.
The non-personal information that we collect includes the following:
Cookies
Vail Health uses cookies on this Website.  Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer's hard drive and are used to tell us whether users and visitors have previously visited our Website.  They are used to make your experience easy and meaningful and to enable certain technical operations. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on our Website.
When you visit our Website or open an e-mail or newsletter, we may send you a cookie. Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, enabling us to make your visit to our Website easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience.
Log Files
Like many standard Website servers, our Web servers use log files.  Log files include, but are not limited to, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks.  We may also keep track of how you got to our Website and any links you click on to leave our site. Log files are used to analyze trends, administer the site, track aggregated users' movement and gather broad demographic information.
IS INFORMATION ON CHILDREN COLLECTED OR USED?
Our Website is a general audience Website. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen and otherwise comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 as amended.  To the extent that we later learn that any personally identifiable information has been inadvertently collected from a child under the age of thirteen, we will promptly delete such information.
IS INFORMATION SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES?
Vail Health does not sell, share, or distribute any personal information to any third parties, other than as outlined herein.  We may, however, employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.  Examples include processing credit card payments, sending postal mail and email, analyzing data, and providing customer service.  To perform these functions, these companies and individuals may have access to information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We may also release information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce Vail Health's Terms and Conditions or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Shaw Cancer Center, a service of Vail Health, our users, or others.  This includes, but it is not limited to, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
HOW CAN I ACCESS AND UPDATE MY INFORMATION?
Users who have provided contact information may e-mail Shaw Cancer Center via Vail Health at webmaster@vailhealth.org or (970) 476-2451 to update their contact or other information.
Security
With respect to this Website, Vail Health utilizes reasonable security measures that also comply with HIPAA to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the data and files under our control.  Personal information we collect is stored in password-controlled servers, and we protect this information from loss or misuse, and from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. While we take reasonable efforts to guard personal information we knowingly collect directly from you, no security system is impenetrable and therefore, Vail Health does not make any absolute guarantees regarding your personal information.  It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to logout and close your browser when finished using a shared computer.
Communications from Vail Health/Opt-In and Unsubscribe
Users who have provided contact information may occasionally receive health and events emails and newsletters or information from Vail Health.  In order to respect our users' privacy, we present the option to opt-in to these types of communications and to "unsubscribe" in order to be removed from the e-mail list.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our Website may contain links to other sites, including those of our Affiliated Providers.  Please be aware that Vail Health is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites or the policies, content, and practices of other Websites. To the extent you visit third-party sites accessible through this Website, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information as those third-party privacy practices govern the collection and use of information provided when visiting those sites. This privacy statement applies solely to the practices of Vail Health.
Conditions And Changes To This Privacy Statement
On occasion, it may be necessary for us to change the terms of this Privacy Policy.  We will do so by posting updated text on the Website, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those changes.  To ensure that you are aware of current privacy practices, we recommend that you check this site periodically.
If you choose to use this Website, your use thereof and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Policies, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law.
International Transfer/Processing of Information
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers and servers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, you acknowledge that Vail Health processes your personal information in the United States.  Your consent to this Website Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions, and the HIPAA Privacy Policy and your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  You can opt out of providing this personal information by not entering it when asked or by not using Shaw Cancer Center's Website or services.
QUESTIONS & CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices, please contact us at the following mailing address, telephone number, or email address:
Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Website should be directed to:
Webmaster
Vail Health
PO Box 40,000,  Vail, CO 81658
(970) 476-2451
webmaster@vailhealth.org
Copyright 2017 VAIL HEALTH © All Rights Reserved.
Find a Therapist
For your specific needs
Why Choose Shaw
Accreditation & Accolades
Destination Treatment Center
Events
Hike Wine Dine
Pink Vail
History
Jack's Place, A Cancer Caring House
Leadership
News
Our Providers
Patient Testimonials
Beth & Svein Rognerud
Carol Schimmer
Cheryl Wells
Jack Swedlund
Publications
Find a Provider
Services & Treatments
Breast Care
Breast Center Navigator
Breast Health
Dense Breasts
FAQs
Breast Imaging Centers
3D Mammography
Breast Biopsy
Breast MRI
Breast Ultrasound
Mammo Tech Hotline
Cancer Types
Breast Cancer
Brain Cancer
Colon & Rectal Cancer
Gynecological Cancer
Head & Neck Cancers
Leukemia/Lymphoma
Lung Cancer
Prostate Cancer
Skin Cancer
Testicular Cancer
Clinical Trials
Genetic Counseling
Jack's Place, A Cancer Caring House
Medical Library
Medical Oncology
PET/CT Imaging
Radiation Oncology
Surgery
Survivorship Program
Fitness
Nutrition
Physical Therapy
Support
Wellness Services
Patients
Cafe
Gift Shop
Online Bill Pay
Pharmacy
Request Appointment
Your Financial Navigator
Careers
Refer A Patient
COVID-19
Clean Clinic Promise