http://www.gatewayrehab.org/about/policies
Search
Contact UsNewsroomCareersEventsBlogDonate Now
Policies
PRIVACY POLICY
GATEWAY REHABILITATION CENTER NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICESThe effective date of this Notice is August 1, 2016.
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN HAVE ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION.PLEASE REVIEW THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY.
If you have any questions about this Notice of Privacy Practices, please contact our Privacy Officer:Pamela Ramsey, Executive V.P. Administration, Quality and ComplianceGateway Rehab311 Rouser Road, Moon Twp., Pennsylvania 15108(412) 604-8900, extension 1114.
This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how Gateway Rehabilitation Center, hereinafter referred to as "Gateway Rehab,"  may use and disclose your protected health information (PHI), as well as your rights regarding your PHI. Gateway Rehab reserves the right to change the terms of this Notice at any time by posting a copy on our website https://www.gatewayrehab.org or by posting a copy at our facilities.  You may request a copy of the Notice at any time.
Gateway Rehab must also comply with separate federal laws that protect the confidentiality of alcohol and drug abuse patient records.  You may report a suspected violation to the appropriate authorities.
Note:   Some of the rights detailed below may not apply to you if you are an inmate in a correctional facility or are in lawful custody.
How We May Use and Disclose Health Information about You
Listed below are examples of the uses and disclosures that Gateway Rehab may make of your PHI.  The disclosure may be made verbally, in writing, or electronically, such as by email or text message.
Treatment: We may use your PHI to provide, coordinate, or manage your care and any related services including sharing information with others outside of Gateway Rehab that we are consulting with or referring you to for your care, such as a specialist or a laboratory.
Payment: Generally, we will obtain your authorization to use your PHI to obtain payment for your services.  We may use or disclose your PHI for such reasons as determining if you have insurance benefits, and if they will cover your treatment, processing claims with your insurance company, reviewing services provided to you to determine medical necessity, or undertaking utilization review activities.
Healthcare Operations: We may use or disclose your PHI, as needed, to coordinate our business activities and to share PHI with third parties that provide services to us such as billing or computer services, quality assessment activities, employee review activities, training of students, or other services who have entered into agreements promising to maintain the confidentiality of your PHI.
Contact with our Patients: We may use or disclose your PHI for patient activities and to contact you.  We may also use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician or counselor. We may also call you by name in the waiting room when it is time to be seen. We may contact you by phone or text to remind you of your appointments.  We may leave voice messages at the telephone number you provide to us.  If you choose to have us contact you by text, texting charges may apply.  If we contact you, you can tell us to contact you in another way or opt out of future contacts.  We may contact you to provide information to you about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you, or regarding Gateway Rehab’s fundraising activities.  Any fundraising materials will explain how you can inform us that you do not want to be contacted in the future.  We will format any mailings to you in a way that does not identify you as a substance abuse treatment client.
Information That Can Be Disclosed Without your Authorization
Required by Law: We may use or disclose your PHI if it is required by law.  For example, we must make disclosures of your PHI to you upon your request and we must make disclosures to the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services for the purpose of investigating or determining our compliance with the Privacy Rule.  We may also disclose your PHI if a court issues a subpoena and appropriate order and follows required procedures.
Health Oversight: We may disclose PHI to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law, such as audits, investigations, inspections, as well as licensure and accreditation purposes.
Medical Emergencies: We may use or disclose your PHI in a medical emergency situation to medical personnel only.
Child Abuse or Neglect: We may disclose your PHI to a state or local agency as authorized by law to receive reports of child abuse or neglect.  We only disclose necessary information to make the initial mandated report.
Deceased Clients: We may disclose PHI of deceased clients for the purpose of determining the cause of death, in connection with laws requiring the collection of death or other vital statistics, or permitting inquiry into the cause of death.
Research: We may disclose PHI to researchers if (a) an Institutional Review Board reviews and approves the research and a waiver to the authorization requirement; (b) the researchers agree to maintain the security of your PHI in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; and (c) the researchers agree not to re-disclose your protected health information except back to Gateway Rehab.
Court Order: We may disclose your PHI if the court issues an appropriate order and follows required procedures.
Criminal Activity on Program Premises/Against Program Personnel: We may disclose your PHI to law enforcement officials if you have committed a crime on program premises or against program personnel.
Public Health: We may use or disclose your PHI in certain limited circumstances to a public health authority authorized by law to collect or receive such information for purposes of preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability.
Uses and Disclosures of PHI with Your Written Authorization
Other uses and disclosures of your PHI will be made only with your written authorization.  Examples of such situations include the disclosure of psychotherapy notes, marketing communication or situations where your PHI may be transferred to another covered entity. You have the right to revoke consents for the release of information verbally or in writing at any time by notifying Medical Records.  Please understand that revocation of consents will not affect any action we took in reliance on the consent before Medical Records received your revocation.
Rights Regarding Your PHI
Listed below are your rights.  Please contact our Privacy Officer if you have any questions.
Inspect and Copy Your PHI: You can view and get a copy of your PHI that is contained in a designated record set for as long as we maintain the record.  A “designated record set” contains medical and billing records and any other records that Gateway Rehab uses to make decisions about you.  If we maintain a copy of your PHI in an electronic format, then we will provide that PHI to you electronically upon your request.  We may charge you a reasonable cost-based fee for the copies. We can deny you access to your PHI in certain circumstances.  In some of those cases, you will have a right to appeal the denial of access.
Amend Your PHI: You may request, in writing, that we amend your PHI in your records. We may deny your request in certain cases.  If we deny your request, you have the right to file a statement that you disagree with us.  We will respond to your statement and provide you with a copy of it.
Accounting of PHI Disclosures: You may request an accounting of disclosures for a period of up to six (6) years (excluding disclosures made to you, made for treatment purposes, made with your authorization, and certain other disclosures).  We may charge you a reasonable fee if you request more than one accounting in any 12-month period.
Copy of Notice:  You have the right to obtain a copy of this notice from us.
Restrictions on Disclosures and Uses of PHI: You have the right to ask us not to use or disclose your PHI for treatment, payment or health care operations or to family members involved in your care. We are not required to agree to such restrictions.  You have the right to restrict disclosures of PHI to your health plan where you have paid for the services out of pocket and in full.  As a convenience to our patients, at some locations we offer text message appointment reminders.  There are privacy risks to texting and text messages may be accessed by others.  You may opt out of receiving text messages at any time by notifying Medical Records.
Confidential Communications: You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location.  We will accommodate reasonable, written requests. We may also condition this request by asking you for information regarding how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact.
Breach Notification: Gateway Rehab will provide you with notice of a breach of your unsecured PHI.
Complaints: You may file a complaint in writing to us by notifying our Privacy Officer.  We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.  You may also file a complaint with the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services as follows:  Region III, Office for Civil Rights. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 150 S. Independence Mall West, Suite 372, Public Ledger Building, Philadelphia, PA 19106-9111.  Hotline (800) 368-1019, Voice phone (215) 861-4441, Fax (215) 861-4431, TDD (215) 861-4440, OCRComplaint@hhs.gov.
1/28/16
Download Privacy Policy (PDF)
Read Now
NKRC Release Information (PDF)
Read Now
Gateway Rehab Release Information (PDF)
Read Now
Gateway Rehab Insurance Company Release Information (PDF)
Read Now
Gateway Rehab Consent for Telemedicine (PDF)
Read Now
98
TERMS OF USE
Please read the following Terms of Use carefully before using Gateway Rehab’s website. By using this website, you agree to be bound by all Terms of Use, as they may be changed and/or updated by Gateway Rehab from time to time.  All data, information, text, graphics, links and other material on Gateway Rehab's website are provided as a convenience. It is for general informational and educational purposes only. Information provided here is not intended to serve as medical advice and is not to be used for diagnosis or treatment of any condition or symptom. If you think you have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately.Access to this website is voluntary and at the sole risk of the user. Gateway Rehab does not warrant the completeness or correctness, timeliness or usefulness of any information, opinions, advice, services, or other materials provided through the website. Gateway Rehab disclaims all responsibility for any consequences or liability attributable or related to any use of this website or its contents. Except for information, products or services clearly and specifically identified as being supplied or endorsed by Gateway Rehab, Gateway Rehab does not endorse any products or services on this website or other websites linked to or from it. Gateway Rehab is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non Gateway Rehab websites to which our website may link. Please review the privacy policy of such sites before using them.Gateway Rehab does not warrant that the use of this site will be uninterrupted, secure or free from viruses or other contaminants that may damage your computer or its data.This website is owned and operated by Gateway Rehab. The entire contents and design of the site are protected by U.S. and international copyright law. Gateway Rehab names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Gateway Rehab. All rights are reserved.
LIMITED ENGLISH SPEAKING INTERPRETER SERVICES
Free interpreter services are available for patients and family with persons needing language assistance. Contact us for more information: 800-472-1177.
Servicio de intérprete gratuito disponible para pacientes y familiars con personas que necesitan la ayuda de un intérprete. Éntreno encontacto con para más información: 800-472-1177.
NON-DISCRIMINATION POLICY
It has been and continues to be the policy of Gateway Rehab to promote equal opportunity and non-discrimination for employment and for providing and receiving services.Therefore, Gateway Rehab complies with the provisions of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Act which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, disability, ancestry, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status.It is the policy of Gateway Rehab to comply with these acts in all areas of providing services, treatment, facilities to any person, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, disability, ancestry, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status. No person shall be excluded from participation in, or be denied benefits of, or otherwise be subjected to discrimination in the provisions of any care service.Employees and others working for Gateway Rehab are expected to implement and abide by its policy of non-discrimination in services and employment opportunity.
Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA)
Read Now
2020 CTC PREA Annual Report
Read Now
2015 Youth Annual PREA Report
Read Now
2019 CTC PREA Annual Report
Read Now
2018 Erie PREA Audit
Read Now
2018 Braddock PREA Audit
Read Now
2015 Youth Annual Stats
Read Now
Mission & PhilosophyServicesLocationsEvidence Based Treatment
Get Drug Addiction Help. call 800-472-1177
Out of caution for our staff and patients, walk-in assessments are currently suspended. Many services are now being provided through telehealth.
Neil Kennedy Recovery Centers is a service of Gateway Rehab providing treatment for drug and alcohol addiction in the eastern Ohio region.