http://www.gmrtranscription.com/privacypolicy.aspx
GMR Transcription Privacy Policy
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Client Register
Policies
Home / Policies
Privacy Policy
[Revised May 25, 2018]
Overview
In order to address the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we've updated our privacy policy to reinforce our commitment to the privacy and security of user data.
At GMR Transcription, we believe in putting customer experience and satisfaction above everything else.
Keeping these things in mind, we’ve made a few updates to our Privacy Policy to make it easier for you to understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it. We’ve also taken necessary steps to improve our Privacy Checkup and other controls we provide to safeguard your data and protect your privacy.
While your current settings, interface or how your information is processed will remain unchanged, we have gone a step further by improving the way we describe our practices and more clarity in explaining the options you have for updating, managing, exporting, and deleting your data.
The main purpose for these updates include:
Better transparency on how data is collected and processed.
Increased clarity on the type of information collected.
Increased rights, controls and choices for EU citizens over how personal data is used – and guidelines on accessing these controls.
We encourage you to take a look, so you're fully aware of the changes. These updates give you more control over your personal information, support new data protection laws in the European Union, i.e., the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and allow you to make more informed privacy choices when you interact with us.
Here’s a detailed summary of these important updates:
What information do we collect?
In order to become a GMR Transcription user, you must first register on our website. We collect information from you during this signup process. While registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number, contact information and credit card information (for verification purposes).
Profile Information:
After registration, you may provide additional information to your profile. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables you to better understand our interface and make orders easily.
We keep the data that you provide
until you delete it from your account. You can request us anytime to close/delete it for you. We offer users the ability to edit/modify/delete all the data that is there in our system. You can ask us to stop using any or all personal data. Additionally, you may request a copy of all your personal data that you have provided us to build your profile.
We only process data that is lawfully provided consent by you. You may at any time request to withdraw your consent and we will delete all data associated with your account. If you have any questions, you many contact us at info@gmrtranscription.com.
How do you use my personal information?
Your personal information is entered into our system (by you) when you register. This information is only used as contact information regarding your work. No one outside the authorized staff of our company can see or have access to your personal information, such as your name, address, phone number, and credit card number. Your personal information is never shared with a third party, and it is against our privacy policy to do so.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (it helps us to better understand and respond to your individual needs).
To improve customer service. (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your requests and support needs)
To process transactions with associated account.
Your information is private with us, and will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent.
To send important emails.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to safeguard your personal information when you place an order. Our server is SSL-encrypted. SSL means "Secure Socket Layer." You will note when you receive your automated emails concerning completion of your files that the transcripts are encrypted. This is automatically done by our server for your protection.
Should you find the need to ensure that privacy above and beyond this policy, please contact info@gmrtranscription.com or call the number at the bottom of this page. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is also transmitted via SSL technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be stored upon your consent for further transactions.
How do you use my audio materials?
Your audio materials are used for transcription purposes only. The audios are used solely by the transcriptionists who type up the audio, after which they are deleted from our database. All typists are required to sign a legally binding Confidentiality/ND Agreement with us upon hire. You can be guaranteed that all audio materials will not be shared with any third party. It is against our privacy policy to do so.
How can I be certain that my audio materials are secure on your server?
Our server is SSL-encrypted. You will note when you receive your automated emails concerning completion of your files that the transcripts are encrypted. This is automatically done by our server for your protection. Should you find the need to ensure that privacy above and beyond this policy, please contact info@gmrtranscription.com or call the number at the bottom of this page.
Can I view and edit my personal information?
Yes. You can log into your account, view any files, and edit your personal information at any time. The account belongs to YOU, and you have every right to edit your personal information. You may also change your email address or password at any time.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to keep track of the advertisements.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Security Assurance
We take every reasonable step for safeguarding the Personal Data provided through the website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, considering that no Internet, email or other electronic transmission can be
fully secure or error free at all times,
you need to take precautionary steps while deciding what information you send to us in this way.
We encrypt every sensitive information like credit card details while collecting it, so that it gets transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this from your end by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. Only those employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. We keep the computers/servers which are used for storing personally identifiable information stored in a secure environment.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
GMR Transcription is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our system as soon as is practical. Please contact us at info@gmrtranscription.com if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13.
At GMR Transcription, we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet activity and usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to share their personal data on this site without their permission.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
GMR Transcription may update this Privacy Policy from time to time – we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We reserve the right to modify this policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Opt Out / Corrections
Should you ever receive anything other than an automated email regarding your transcripts or an email from management concerning any questions we may have about your work, please contact info@gmrtranscription.com and ask to be removed from our mailing list. Should you receive any type of solicitation or non-work-related emails after asking us to remove you from our mailing list, again, please contact us at info@gmrtranscription.com. We will take immediate action.
Upon your request, we will
correct or update your personal information and/or
stop sending emails to your email address.
You can make these requests by
calling us at 800-731-7412
contacting us at 2552 Walnut Ave. Suite 100, Tustin, CA 92780 or
emailing us at info@gmrtranscription.com
Additional Privacy Policy conditions applicable to natural persons belonging to EU and the UK under GDPR
In compliance to the EU’s GDPR, these additional privacy policy conditions are available to you if you are a person belonging to the European Union or the UK or if you are visiting or temporarily living in the EU.
GMR Transcription keeps only first level data regarding individuals i.e. the data which identifies you.
If you are a person of up to 16 years of age, you will need the consent of your parent or guardian to share your personal data with GMR Transcription. If this is your case, please request your parent or guardian to send an email to us on info@gmrtranscription.com, giving such consent.
At the time of registering for our services, you will provide to us your ‘Express Consent’ for using your personal data as per the provisions of the GDPR and as stated in our privacy policy.
You have the following rights under the GDPR regarding the use of your personal information:
To know what the data is being used for – the purpose for which your data is being utilized. (this has been explained in our Privacy Policy.)
To obtain a copy of your data.
Seek amendments in your data. (you can do this any time by logging into your account.)
Portability: Request your data (including behaviour patterns) be transferred to any other entity.
Supervision: You may request human supervision of processing of your data.
Erasure: Subject to legal, contractual and technical limitations you may request for the erasure of your personal data from our systems.
Please send an email to us at info@gmrtranscription.com for availing any of the above rights.
Legal Disclaimer:
It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy, please contact us at info@gmrtranscription.com or call 714-202-9653 during our business hours: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, Monday through Friday.
GMR Transcription Services, Inc.
2552 Walnut Ave. Suite 100,
Tustin, CA 92780
714-202-9653
CLIENT REGISTER
CALL US
×
Close