http://www.sportsrehab.info/info/privacy/
634
Skip to content
Request AppointmentOffice HoursOffice Hours
Day Hours
M 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
T 9:00 am - 8:00 pm
W 8:00 am - 4:00 pm
T 10:00 am - 8:00 pm
F 8:00 am - 2:00 pm
Call (604) 888-1533
Email Usfacebook social buttoninstagram social button
Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
MenuHomeAbout Us
Professional Links
FAQ
Meet the Team
Dr. Ben Reid | Chiropractor
Brad Penner | Kinesiologist
Dale Kobialko | Massage Services & PEMF
Alex Mistiades | Registered Massage Therapy
Mark Kramarik | Acupuncture
Braden Wilkins | Registered Massage Therapy
Jennifer D'Souza | Physiotherapy
Our Services
Chiropractic
Shockwave Therapy
Kinesiology
Laser Phototherapy
Decompression
Scoliosis
ScoliBrace
Scoliosis FAQ
Massage
Physiotherapy
Acupuncture
PEMF
What to Expect
Patient Reviews
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website. The Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website is provided for information and educational purposes and may contain links to other sites. Once you enter another website (whether through an advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that Langley Sports & Rehabilitation is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit.
We believe that transparency is the key to any healthy relationship. At Langley Sports & Rehabilitation, we’re all about healthy. We appreciate that you are trusting us with information that is important to you, and we want to be transparent about how we use it. Here we describe the privacy practices for our website and you will learn about the data we collect, how we use it, the controls we give you over your information, and the measures we take to keep it safe.
Specifically, we’ll cover:
Information We Collect and How We Use Information
How Information Is Shared
Your Rights To Access and Control Your Personal Data
Data Retention
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others
Cookie Policy
Our Policies for Children
Information Security
Our International Operations and Data Transfers
Changes to This Policy
Who We Are and How To Contact Us
Information We Collect and How We Use Information
We collect the following personal information from you on the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website forms.
First and Last name
Email address
Phone number
By entering this information, you are providing personal information that will be used by Langley Sports & Rehabilitation for the sole purpose of scheduling your appointment or returning your contact request.
If you choose to enroll as a subscriber of our website or subscribe to our blog, you will receive recurring practice newsletters, announcements and occasional promotional information via email. These emails will be of a general nature and will in no way disclose your unique health characteristics.
To subscribe to our website, we need certain contact information, such as your name and email address. We may also store any provided demographic information (such as gender, birth date and address), but it is not required. You can unsubscribe from the newsletters or any of our emails by simply clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails; you will be immediately unsubscribed.
Passive Information We Collect
Like many other websites, we also automatically collect and log other non-identifying information when you interact with the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website:
Device data. We collect data from the device and application you use to access the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website, such as your Internet protocol (IP) addresses, operating system, device type, browser type and timestamps.
Usage data. We collect usage data that may include which Langley Sports & Rehabilitation webpages you visit, what you click on, when you performed those actions, and so on. Emails sent by Langley Sports & Rehabilitation collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We do this to measure the performance of the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation email messaging and to monitor and improve email deliverability and open rates.
How Information Is Shared
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Langley Sports & Rehabilitation will not disclose any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information it gathers from you on our website. We will only release Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to third parties:
(i) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order.
(ii) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below.
Your Rights To Access and Control Your Personal Data
At the time you choose to enroll as a subscriber of our website or any time thereafter, you can choose to opt-out of receiving emails from us by simply clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails; you will be immediately unsubscribed.
You may ask us at any time for information about any personal data we hold about you, or ask us to correct or delete that information. We will complete this request within 30 days of the initial request for information being received. Please complete this form to start this process. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact our office, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
To the extent required under applicable law, and subject to our rights to limit or deny access/disclosure under applicable law, you have the following rights in your Personal Data. You may exercise your rights by contacting us at the address below.
Access: You may receive a list of your Personal Data that we process to the extent required and permitted by law.
Rectification: You may correct any Personal Data that we hold about you to the extent required and permitted by law.
Deletion: To the extent required by applicable law, you may request that we delete your Personal Data from our database.
Complaint: You have the right to contact or file a complaint with state authorities (Attorney General) or supervisory authorities about our mishandling of Personal Data. To do so, please contact your local data protection or consumer protection authority.
California Resident: Residents of California may request a list of Personal Data we have disclosed about you to third parties. Once you have completed our verification process of custodian of data, you may request that we provide you a copy of your Personal Data, direct us to stop selling or disclosing Personal Data for certain purposes (if we have done so), and receive information regarding: the categories of Personal Data we have collected about you, or that we have sold, or disclosed;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold your Personal Data; the third parties with whom we have disclosed your Personal Data, or sold, or disclosed it for a business purpose.
Data Retention
We keep the information we have about you and your use of the Services for as long as necessary for our legitimate business interests, for legal reasons, historical research and to prevent harm, including as described in the How We Use Information and How Information Is Shared sections.
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others
Google Analytics. In addition, our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information may be obtained by visiting Google’s privacy policy.
AdWords Remarketing. We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise Langley Sports & Rehabilitation across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network. We use a Google AdWords Remarketing code to log when website visitors view specific pages or take specific actions on our website. Google AdWords Remarketing can display ads to you based on what parts of the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser. This does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device.
Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our online marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. If you do not wish to see ads from Langley Sports & Rehabilitation you may opt out in the following ways:
Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads settings.
Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Facebook Remarketing. We use the Facebook pixel for occasional remarketing advertising. We do this to understand and deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. Facebook may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information on the Smile Marketing website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. If you do not wish to see ads from Smile Marketing on Facebook you may opt out by visiting Facebook’s Ad Preferences settings.
To learn more about your choices and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
We use this information to conduct research and analysis to better understand how visitors are using the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website, so that we can improve our website experience. From time to time, Langley Sports & Rehabilitation or it’s operations contractors acting on their behalf, conduct online research in order to gather feedback about our site through online or email surveys.
Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and disclose information. Personally Identifiable Information collected through market research will only be used by Langley Sports & Rehabilitation and its operations contractors and will never be given or sold to a third party.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and other technologies to ensure that everyone who uses Langley Sports & Rehabilitation website has the best possible experience. By continuing to visit or use our services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this policy. You can find more information about cookies at: cookiesandyou.com.
Most browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you.
Our cookie table lists some of the third party cookies on our sites. Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time. Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
List of cookies used by Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiration
Privacy
__vor_npt__s
__vor_npt__t
__vor_npt__v
New Patient Tracker. Collects device data such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, device type, browser type and timestamps.
Persistent
https://www.sportsrehab.info/info/privacy
Set By Or On Behalf Of
Purpose
Expiration
Privacy
Google Analytics
Website analytics cookie for visitor information and source.
2 years
https://policies.google.com/privacy
responsivevoice.org
Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic.
1 year
https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy
Userway
Accessibility widget remembers which accessibility features were enabled.
Persistent
https://userway.org/privacy
Hotjar
Video Recording and Heatmap testing tool.
1 year
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
Wistia
Embedding interactive videos on our website and measuring engagement.
1 year
https://wistia.com/privacy/
MaxCDN
Content Delivery Network.
1 year
https://www.maxcdn.com/legal/
Facebook
To enable the visitors to share the page in Facebook and stores page share count.
Persistent
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
YouTube
Embedding videos on our website and measuring engagement.
1 year
https://policies.google.com/privacy
123FormBuilder
Provides embedded online form functionality.
1 year
https://www.123formbuilder.com/privacy.html
Our Policies for Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Neither Langley Sports & Rehabilitation nor any of its services are designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13.
Information Security
We work hard to keep your data safe. We use a combination of technical, administrative, and physical controls to maintain the security of your data. This includes using Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) to encrypt many of our website services. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure, however, if you have a security-related concern, please contact our office.
Our International Operations and Data Transfers
Our website hosting company, Perfect Patients, operate internationally and transfer information to the United States for the purposes described in this policy. They rely on multiple legal bases to lawfully transfer personal data around the world. These include your consent, the EU-US and EU Commission approved model contractual clauses, which require certain privacy and security protections.
Changes to This Policy
We will inform you if a material change to the Privacy Policy is made that involves the use of your Personally Identifiable Information. Your continued use of the Langley Sports & Rehabilitation site will indicate acceptance of the changes. Please exit the site immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy.
Who We Are and How To Contact Us
If you have questions, suggestions, or concerns about this policy, or about our use of your information, please contact us.
Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
205-8047 199 St
Langley British Columbia V2Y 0E2
(604) 888-1533
This Privacy Policy does not protect you when you send content, questions or ideas to Langley Sports & Rehabilitation via email. If you want to keep them private or proprietary, do not send them in an email. We try to answer every email within 48 business hours, but are not always able to do so.
Last Updated: October 6, 2020
Email Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
Comments, Requests, Questions, or Suggestions
First Name
Last Name
Respond to me via:
Email
Phone
No Response
Email Address
Phone Number
I agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. For more info, read disclaimer.
Please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. Although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. Please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. Communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.
I consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. For more info, read our privacy policy.
Leave this empty:
Send Message
Request Appointment (pending confirmation)
Patient Type
New Patient
Current Patient
Returning Patient
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Respond to me via:
Email
Phone
Preferred Day/Time:
Date
Appointment Hour
H
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Appointment Minute
M
00
15
30
45
AM or PM
AM
PM
Comments or Questions
I agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. For more info, read disclaimer.
Please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. Although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. Please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. Communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.
I consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. For more info, read our privacy policy.
Leave this empty:
Send Message
Langley Sports & Rehabilitation
205-8047 199 StLangley, BC V2Y 0E2
Phone: (604) 888-1533CopyrightLegalPrivacyAccessibilitySitemap
Chiropractic Websites by Perfect Patients