http://www.einstein.edu/vascular-surgery/conditions/venous-disease
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Home / Services / Vascular Surgery / Conditions & Treatments / Venous Disease
Vascular Surgery
Vascular Surgery Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Conditions & Treatments
Venous Disease
When your veins do not effectively return blood to your heart, pain, swelling and blot clots can result that can be serious and life-threatening. At Einstein, our board-certified vascular specialists are experts at treating a full range of venous conditions, including:
Chronic venous thrombosis
Deep vein thrombosis
Spider veins
Varicose veins
Venous ulcers
Venous unsufficiency
Treatment Options
Working closely with you, your doctor will create a personalized treatment plan that may include:
Non-invasive Therapies
Many venous diseases can be treated with a range of non-invasive therapies, including medications, compression stockings, and lifestyle changes such as walking regularly, practicing good skin hygiene and maintaining a healthy weight.
Radiofrequency Ablation
During radiofrequency ablation, a catheter with a tiny heating element is used to close veins that are no longer working properly. This helps treat venous insufficiency and encourage healthy veins to grow and take their place.
Sclerotherapy
Sclerotherapy is used to treat varicose and spider veins. Your doctor will inject saline or another solution into your veins, causing them to shrink, clot and get reabsorbed into your body. In addition to being a cosmetic treatment, this can also improve the efficiency of your other veins.
Venous Stenting
In more severe situations, such as when your veins are narrowed or blocked, your doctor may recommend a catheterization procedure to open up the blocked vein and place a stent inside to prevent it from closing.
Request an Appointment
Schedule an appointment today if you experience symptoms of vascular disease, or your primary care physician recommends that you see a specialist. Symptoms of vascular diseases include:
Swelling of your legs or ankles
Pain, itchiness or tightness in your legs
Pain when walking that stops when you rest
Twisted, enlarged veins that are close to the surface of your skin
Brown or hardened skin, or skin that looks red or blue
Request an Appointment
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training, Education and Research
At Einstein, our vascular surgery team is actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.