https://www.coachingandleadership.com/corporate_programs/?cat=legal
Quick Contact[X]
HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US NOW
WANT A QUICK ANSWER?
CALL US NOW AT
+1 250-924-4545
Apps by CLI[X]
Apps by
Selling Guru App (iPhone & iPad)
eliminate sales roadblocks
The Brain Walk App (iPad)
achieve your goals with positive thinking
Values Card App (iPhone & iPad)
connect with your values daily
Home
About CLI
Videos
Members Area
Testimonials
Contact
Search
Links
Blog
Apps by CLI
Overview
Terms & Conditions of
Website Use
Privacy Statement
Privacy Code
Your Success Manual 1000's of Profit Building tips Click Here
Register for free webinars
CLICK HERE
Subscribe to the Coaching Magazine Click Here
Home »
Legal & Privacy Policies »
Overview
Legal & Privacy Policies
Overview
Thank you for visiting the Coaching and Leadership International Inc., ("CLI"), website (www.coachingandleadership.com)! CLI wants you to be well informed with respect to the Terms and Conditions of Use of this website.
By using this website, including any third party software made available in conjunction with this website, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Use as posted in this section of the website. They can be accessed via the link on the sidebar of this section.
In addition, the Government of Canada and CLI, are committed to providing visitors with web sites that respect their privacy.
We will always treat your personal information confidentially, and we strive to obtain only the information that allows us to respond to your needs.
We want you to know why we need your personal information and how you can find out what information concerning you is recorded. This information is all available via CLI's privacy policy, (and/or at the point of collection), which can be accessed via the link on the sidebar of this section.Enjoy your visit!
International Associates
Privacy & Legal  :
About CLI  :
Members Area :
Testimonials :
Contact :
Search
©2005-2020 Coaching and Leadership International Inc. All rights reserved.