https://www.diabeteshopefoundation.com/cookie-policy
HOME
About Us
About
Board Of Directors
Message From The Chair
Highlights And Timeline
Annual Reports
Our Sponsors
Alumni Spotlight
Programs & Events
Scholarship Program
2020 Scholarship Winners
How to Apply
Testimonials
Mentorship Program
Online Application
Testimonials
Peer Support Program
Covid 19 and Diabetes
Wellness Wednesday Webinars
Type 1 Buddies
Online Application
DHF Events
Evening Of Hope
Alumni Symposium
Speaker Commitment Form
Speaker Biographies
Symposium RSVP Form
Swing Of Hope
Transition Resources
Transition Resource Guide
Type 1 Youth Resources
Contact Us
Donate Now
Shopping cart
close
About this cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use ie., the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: diabeteshopefoundation.com
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?
Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
How can I control the cookie preferences ?
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Cookie Settings” link on the bottom of the home page of our website. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
Close
6150 Dixie Road, Unit 1 Mississauga, ON L5T 2E2
905-670-0557
info@diabeteshopefoundation.comCharitable Reg. 865276372 RR0001
Scholarship Program
How To Apply
2020 Scholarship Winners
Testimonials
Mentorship Program
HOPE Connects
Online Application
Testimonials
Peer Support Program
Covid 19 & Diabetes
Wellness Wednesdays Webinars
Type 1 Buddies
Online Application
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
© Copyright Diabetes Hope Foundation | All Rights Reserved | Design by I&J Designs | Privacy | Cookies | Terms
This site makes use of cookies to give you the best browsing experience. By continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept
Cookie Settings
Scroll To Top
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance