http://www.einstein.edu/vascular-surgery/conditions/aortic-disease
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Home / Services / Vascular Surgery / Conditions & Treatments / Aortic Disease
Vascular Surgery
Vascular Surgery Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Conditions & Treatments
Aortic Disease
At Einstein Healthcare Network, our board-certified vascular surgery team specializes in repairing damage to the aorta using the most advanced surgical techniques.
As the largest artery in your body, the aorta is a critical part of your circulatory system and can cause serious heart problems when weakened or torn. Our team specializes in two types of aortic diseases, including:
Aortic Aneurysm
An aortic aneurysm is a bulge in the aorta, which carries oxygen-rich blood from your heart to all parts of your body. This bulge can rupture and cause life-threatening bleeding.
An aortic aneurysm can be slow to grow and exhibit no symptoms. That's why regular checkups are important. When the aneurysm enlarges, some symptoms can include chest, belly or back pain; a pulsing sensation in the abdomen; a cold foot or black and blue, painful toe; cough; or shortness of breath.
Aortic Dissection
An aortic dissection occurs when the wall of the aorta bulges so much that the layers of the aortic wall tear. An aortic dissection is usually described as a sudden, sharp, tearing pain in the chest and back. They are often mistaken for a heart attack.
Procedures
Our skilled team of vascular surgeons are experts in procedures to treat aortic disease, including the following:
Endovascular Aortic Repair (EVAR)
EVAR starts with small incisions in the groin. Catheters deliver a stent graft that resembles a fiber mesh tube up through the blood vessels to the aneurysm. The stent lines the aortic wall, permitting the normal flow of blood through the artery. The stent also restricts blood flow to the bulging aneurysm. Deprived of its blood supply, the bulge will ultimately shrink.
Hybrid Aortic Procedures
Hybrid aortic surgery combines traditional open-heart surgery and endovascular stent graft procedures.
Request an Appointment
Schedule an appointment today if you experience symptoms of vascular disease, or your primary care physician recommends that you see a specialist. Symptoms of vascular diseases include:
Swelling of your legs or ankles
Pain, itchiness or tightness in your legs
Pain when walking that stops when you rest
Twisted, enlarged veins that are close to the surface of your skin
Brown or hardened skin, or skin that looks red or blue
Request an Appointment
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training, Education and Research
At Einstein, our vascular surgery team is actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.