https://www.aelc.com.au/about/quality-policy/
We (AE&LC) are a privately owned Ophthalmic Day Surgery & Consulting practice specialising in Cataract and Eye Laser Surgery (refractive) procedures.
Our philosophy is to be a leader in our field and we aim to set high standards in the delivery of health care, customer service and employee relations.
The quest for excellence in eye care is achieved by implementing the latest developments in technology and innovative surgical techniques.
The day surgery was designed in accordance with the guidelines established for Excimer laser centres and day surgery units by the Royal College of Ophthalmologists, SA Health Commission, Commonwealth Health requirements and Australian Building Standards.
We successfully gained Accreditation from the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards (ACHS) in November 1999 and continued to undergo regular reviews by the body to maintain accredited status until late 2007 when our management made a commitment to undergo ISO 9001:2008 certification.  In 2014 we met the National Safety and Quality Health Service Standards (NSQHSS) for Day Hospitals.  All staff are encouraged and supported whilst participating in quality improvement activities to assist in their endeavours in achieving the desired outcomes.
We set quality objectives and review them annually to ensure they are met.
We are committed to satisfying any requirements of the NSQHS Standards and to the continual improvement of the quality management system implemented at AE&LC.
About AE&LC
Accreditation
Quality Policy
Our Story
Our Surgeons & Key Staff
Our Vision, Our Mission, Our Values
Sponsorship & Support
Latest News
Book an appointment
Our staff are always available to discuss any further questions you may have or to arrange a pre-operative assessment for you to see the clinical optometrist and surgeon.
Book Now
Are you suitable for eye laser surgery?
Not all people are suitable for laser surgery and a thorough examination with an Ophthalmologist is necessary to determine suitability, however, there are some general guidelines and questions which can provide an initial indication of suitability. Take the suitability test and take your first step to a clearer brighter future.
Take the Suitability Test
Your questions answered here
We understand that having eye laser surgery is an important decision and that you may have
questions about the procedure, your immediate recovery and what you can expect in the days, weeks and months after surgery. We have answered as many as we can here.
Eye Laser Surgery FAQ’s
Contact Details
Adelaide Eye & Laser Centre
Address
215 Greenhill Road
Eastwood, South Australia 5063
Phone
+61 8 8274 7000
Fax
+61 8 8274 7099
Email
aelc@aelc.com.au
Enquiry Form
Name*Email*
PhoneMessage*
AE&LC are open and our team of friendly and professional staff are available to take your calls, answer your questions and book your appointments.
Please be reassured that we open with consideration, sensitivity and adherence to the still relevant restrictions on social distancing and hygiene.
We very much look forward to helping you see all your future possibilities!