https://www.avonleaanimalhospital.ca/privacy-policies/
Privacy Policies
Privacy Policies
Avonlea Animal Hospital welcomes all visitors to our website. Avonlea Animal Hospital is committed to ensuring the privacy and protection of all our clients. This policy was developed with this goal in mind and outlines the guidelines in which we gather personal and non-personal information and the use of such information. In the process of engaging in commerce with the public, certain non-personal and personal information is gathered by our website. We do not store personal information on our website, for your protection and privacy, all personal information is redirected to an encrypted, secure site maintained by our order processing system. This system uses the highest level of internet security to protect you from unauthorized use. The following is an explanation of our privacy policy.
Definitions
For the purposes of this statement, personal information includes your name, address, account information, company name, email address, telephone number and any other information which identifies you. “We, us, our” refers to Avonlea Animal Hospital and our affiliated companies. Non-personal information refers to all non-identifiable information such as your IP address, referring website, browser type, and navigation on the website as well as consolidated demographic information which does not contain individual information.
Gathering of Personal Information
To provide you with the best service possible or to complete a transaction, Avonlea Animal Hospital gathers your information to both verify your identity (to prevent fraud) and to facilitate your request. By providing your information in association with your request you are giving us your expressed consent in using that information to provide you the service or transaction you requested. This information is not stored on our website but redirected to a secured site. Information collected in this manner is used solely for processing your request. We may collect and summarize this information in such a manner where no individual may be identified for statistical purposes to help us improve our business practices and provide better service to you.
Gathering of Non-Personal Information
As most other websites our website may collect information about you that cannot be used to identify you directly. This information is gathered to help us improve our website and our business practices. Most of this information is used in statistical models for our information and may be shared with our vendors, suppliers and third-party contractors to improve the website and continue to give you the best value in the products offered to you. Other uses may include this information to create limitations to specific IP addresses or URLs that have been known to create problems for us.
Access to and Releasing of Information
Order Processing: When you purchase from our website or retail location, your name, address, credit card number and amount purchased will be submitted to your financial institution to verify your identity and to authorize your purchase. We must also supply your name, telephone number, address and items purchased to third party shippers such as UPS to deliver your order to you. There may also be instances where we may drop ship directly from the manufacturer or one of our suppliers. In these instances they are the shipper for this order and given the same information.
Independent Contractors: From time to time, we may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services. These third parties will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose. Any 3rd parties who use our data will be fully bound by this privacy policy.
Disclosure to Service Providers: Avonlea Animal Hospital may share your personal information with certain service providers in order to: provide products and services to you based on your request, to verify and validate information, and to address customer service matters. Examples of service providers include credit card issuers, product service depots, warranty providers, and delivery services.
Any information our customers provide will not be used for other commercial purposes and will not be sold, rented, leased or forwarded to any third party.
Legal Disclosure:
We may disclose your information as permitted or required to by law; for example:
To a government institution or other person or entity that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information;
Where we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity;
To comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or entity with jurisdiction to compel the production of information;
To comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information;
To our legal counsel.
Third-Party Links: We have many links on our site to third-party sites, most of these are vendor sites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these sites. We recommend you read the privacy statement for each site before supplying any information. Other third-party sites may link into our site; we have no control over these sites and likewise cannot assume any responsibility or liability. Some sites may give you a unique code, cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you to them. These are used to track and possibly capture information you supply while on our site, though we endeavour to remove such access, you must take the responsibility to limit exposure to such practices. We suggest using a spy ware program to remove these programs on a regular basis and to visit our site directly.
Avonlea Animal Hospital reserves the right to modify this policy at anytime. You should visit periodically to review any changes.
Rate Us on Google
Visit us on Facebook
Close this module
COVID-19 Message to our ClientsTo Our Valued Clients,Our top priority is to provide exceptional care to our patients while safeguarding our staff and our community.  We continue to maintain our regular business hours and we are available to see you and your pets for essential veterinary health care services.We have been monitoring the COVID-19 situation closely and want to notify you of changes we are making at for the welfare of our staff, clients and patients. We have taken great care to implement safeguards to help reduce the spread of this virus.Amended Procedures:The doors to the hospital will be closed to the publicVisitors to the hospital must remain outside the hospital. This includes walk-ins, appointments and food/prescription purchases.We will not be performing fit-n-fury, birthday exams, nail trims, routine dentals and non-essential surgeries until further advised.We will no longer accept cash or in-person payment.We will continue to accept Visa and Mastercard by phone.Interac e-Transfer can be sent to payments@hollybankanimalhospital.ca and payments@avonleaanimalhospital.caWe have added Interac e-Transfer plus Amex, debit, PayPal, Visa and Mastercard via an online PayPal form:https://hollybankanimalhospital.ca/online-paymentshttps://avonleaanimalhospital.ca/online-paymentsAdmittance:A copy of our admittance and discharge instructions and patient history forms will be sent to you prior to the scheduled appointment.Please remain in your vehicle and call us when you arrive in the parking lot.We will assess your Covid-19 risk using the "patient screening pathway”.When we are ready, we will motion for you to bring your pet from your vehicle to the clinic door. All dogs must be on leash and cats must be in carriers.The veterinarian will call at the end of the examination or video conference you during the examination to discuss examination findings and recommendations.Discharge:You will be emailed a copy of the invoice including home notes.Payment will be taken over the phone, via Interac e-Transfer, or online.Any medication or items to be picked up will be given in a plastic bag at the time of discharge.We will call you when we are ready for discharge at which time you will collect your pet outside of the clinic.Food, inventory and medication pickup:All items can be ordered over the phone or purchased using our online shop https://shop.avonleaanimalhospital.caFor pickup, we will bring the items to you outside the clinic.Product availability:We have been in constant contact with the suppliers and manufacturers responsible for ensuring our hospitals have sufficient supply of veterinary diets and over the counter products, and we do not anticipate any disruption to this supply. However, instances of buying large quantities of these products have strained the supply chain. We respectfully request that our clients limit their purchases of these products to immediate need plus one month’s supply to ensure all clients and patients have access to these products.Our goal is to keep our essential services available to the communities we serve and to be there for you and your pets. Thank you for your cooperation and for doing your part in helping to keep pets and people safe. Please do not hesitate to call with questions. We anticipate our phone lines will be busier than usual and we thank you in advance for your patience!Our new hours of operation are as follows:Monday: 9a-7pTuesday: 9a-7pWednesday: 9a-7pThursday: 9a-7pFriday: 9a-7pSaturday: 9a-3pSunday: closedCall us if you have questions or need to schedule an appointment.