https://www.milbank.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy The Policy below is applicable to the website of The Milbank Memorial Fund, located at www.milbank.org. The Policy applies only to information posted by us or gathered online at this website. It does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline or to website maintained by other organizations to which we may link.By using our website , you are automatically accepting the terms described in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the website.We reserve the right to modify or amend this Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our website following the posting of those changes means you are automatically accepting them, including changes affecting information collected prior to the date of the change. If you do not want to be bound by the amended Policy, immediately cease using it.PrivacyThe Milbank Memorial Fund adheres to the highest standards of ethical practices in all of our operations and are dedicated to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our website. Except as disclosed below, we don’t sell, barter, give away, rent or permit anyone outside of The Milbank Memorial Fund to use your personal information.The Milbank Memorial Fund collects personal information voluntarily submitted by visitors to the website which enables us to respond to requests for publications, distribute e-newsletters, and respond to requests for more information or assistance.We occasionally use third-party agents and partners to perform functions such as marketing, analytics, etc., on our behalf. These entities have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of any personal information collected from the website. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to us.We may use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the website or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our agents, the users of the website, or the public.The Milbank Memorial Fund also automatically collects anonymous information (such as your domain name and your computer’s IP address) using “cookies”, “web beacons” and other tracking mechanisms to help us tailor the website to visitor interests and concerns. We use “cookies” to help us understand which parts of our website are the most popular, where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there. The information that is gathered through cookies is used solely to assist in improving website design and function. This website is functional without the retention of cookies. You may elect to block cookies from this site through your browser settings.
We may use “web beacons” from third parties to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the operations of our site.The Milbank Memorial Fund strives to protect the transmission of any information submitted by visitors. But no transmission of data is completely secure, and submissions are at the visitor’s risk.Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as comments areas or feedback sections, may become public, and therefore this Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. Please be careful about what you disclose, and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private.Links to Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to sites operated by third parties. We provide these links as a convenience but do not endorse any linked site or anything on it. The practices described in this Policy do not apply to these other websites and you visit them at your own risk.Copyright and InfringementText, photos, videos, design elements, graphics, trademarks, service marks,
trade names, and other materials found on this website are property of The Milbank Memorial Fund, its licensors or its content providers, except as noted on this site. The materials are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws relating to intellectual property. They may not be uploaded, copied, reproduced or otherwise used in any fashion except as (i) explicitly provided in this Policy or (ii) explicitly permitted in a specific instance in a written consent signed by our authorized representative.Reproduction of materials licensed by The Milbank Memorial Fund requires the consent of the licensor. You are responsible for obtaining that consent. Most photographs, illustrations, and videos are licensed and other materials may be as well.GeneralThe Milbank Memorial Fund endeavors to keep its website secure. But it has no responsibility or liability for any damages to or viruses and similar malware that may infect your computer or other equipment arising from your use of our website.The Milbank Memorial Fund website is published in and operated from the United States and is subject to laws of the United States and State of New York. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in New York, New York. If you are located in a country outside the United States and voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the use of such information as provided in this Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States or elsewhere. The Milbank Memorial Fund shall not be liable under any circumstances for damages resulting from use of information collected from visitors to the site.If you have questions or comments, please contact us. Newsletter Sign-upGet the Latest from the
Milbank Memorial Fund
Submit
An endowed operating foundation that engages in nonpartisan analysis, collaboration, and communication, with an emphasis on state health policy. © 2020 Milbank Memorial Fund
Privacy Policy 645 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10022 212-355-8400 info@milbank.org