http://www.centerforcare.org/chemical-dependency-info/terms-of-service.html
Counseling Services
Inpatient Rehab Programs
Holistic Therapy
Intensive Outpatient Therapy
Dual Diagnosis Care
Home » CenterForCare.org : Terms and Conditions
Who Answers?
×
Terms of Service for CenterForCare.orgLast updated: December 05, 2019
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the https://www.centerforcare.org website (the "Service") operated by Centerforcare.Org ("us", "we", "this website" or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Healthcare and Content Disclaimer
Centerforcare.Org is a web directory and an addiction rehab referral service. The administrators of this website are not healthcare professionals and do not provide addiction rehab services of any kind. The use of our website does not constitute a doctor-patient or counselor-patient relationship.
By calling the toll free phone number at the top of this website, you will be directed to a third party addiction rehab service that is not owned or operated by this website.
This website may be compensated for rehab referrals.
This website displays listings of addiction rehab services across the USA, but is not associated with nor does it endorse the services of any of these providers.
The information on this website is for general information only and should NOT be used as official medical advice. Always consult with a licensed addiction specialist for specific advice, diagnosis, or information about addiction.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that this website shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless this website and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall this website, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
This website, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New Jersey, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Find Local Addiction Care:
Alcohol Recovery Centers
Behavioral Counseling
Detox Facilities
Inpatient Rehab
Outpatient Rehab
Did You Know?
Many health insurance plans will cover all or most of the cost of addiction rehab.
Please call
(877) 926-4317 to discuss your treatment options and get a free insurance review.
Substance Abuse Info:
Substance Abuse Counseling
Aftercare Programs
Bipolar Disorder and Alcoholism
Common Symptoms of Addiction
Counseling Methods for Addiction Care
Drug and Alcohol Addiction Intervention Strategies
Dual Diagnosis Therapy
Holistic Treatment Options
How Long Does it Take to Become Addicted to Alcohol?
Outpatient vs Inpatient Care
Statistics of Alcohol Addiction
The 12 Step Program
The Detox Process
About Us
Local Addiction Recovery Resources
Listing Change Requests
Quick Link
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
The information on this website is not intended to serve as official medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment recommendations. We do not provide medical care of any sort. This website is an online directory of local addiction specialists. We do not endorse, nor do we operate any business or healthcare service that is listed on this website.
@Copyrights 2020 www.CenterForCare.org - All Rights Reserved.
This website is not administered by an addiction rehab facility or physician. The phone numbers listed on this website are intended to direct you to an independent rehab facility. By dialing the sponsored phone number at the top of the screen, you will be directed to a third party addiction consultant that is not owned or operated by CenterForCare.org. The use of this website does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship of any kind between the user and CenterForCare.org.