http://www.alzheimers.com.au/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Read our privacy statement
In accordance with the Australian Alzheimer’s Research Foundation’s values, we respect the individual worth and dignity of all people. The Foundation is committed to achieving best practice by adhering to the Privacy Act.
Privacy Policy
The Australian Alzheimer’s Research Foundation (referred to as “the Foundation”, “we” and “us”) recognise that the privacy of your personal information is important to you and are committed to protecting the privacy of any personal information we collect from you. Unless you give us your consent to do otherwise, we will only collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The Foundation abides by the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”) under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”). This Privacy Policy outlines how we will handle and manage your personal information. You can obtain information about the APPs and your privacy rights at the website of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au/privacy-portal/.
Observing and protecting the confidentiality of client information is an essential aspect of the conduct of our business. We generally disclose such information only in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
We primarily collect personal information that is necessary for us to support research that makes Alzheimer’s disease treatable and preventable. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you and may include:
your name, address, occupation and contact details (address, telephone numbers and email address);
your credit card, cheque or other payment details in the event you attend an event supporting the Foundation or make a donation to the Foundation; and
information about your dealings with us or about our research
Where relevant we may ask you for other information, for example, qualifications and employment history if you are applying for employment with us as well as bank account and superannuation account details and a tax file number if you obtain employment with us.
How do we collect and hold your personal information?
We may collect personal information in the following ways:
directly from you, either in person (face to face or by telephone) in documents, by email or via the Foundation website;
from third parties, such as our strategic research partners; and
from the Foundation’s members register in accordance with section 27 of the Associations Incorporations Act 1987 (WA).
If we collect your personal information from an agent acting on your behalf, we will seek some indication that the party contacting us is you or your authorised agent.
We hold personal information in hard copy and electronic files.
If your personal information is no longer needed, the Foundation will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify it.
As part of its research into Alzheimer’s disease, the Foundation conducts observational studies and clinical trials to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions including pharmaceutical agents being investigated as therapeutic agents for Alzheimer’s disease.
If you choose to be a part of a clinical trial run by the Foundation, your personal information may be collected by the Foundation. Please see the section titled ‘Clinical Trials’ for more information below.
Collection of information from the Foundation website
When using the Foundation website you may voluntarily disclose personal information to us. Our server may automatically record details such as your internet address, domain name if applicable, and the date and time of your visit to our website. This information is used for internal purposes only, including statistical purposes.
We will not try to identify users or their browsing activities except as necessary to investigate or report any suspected unlawful activity, as required or authorised by law or as reasonably necessary for the activity of an enforcement body.
The Foundation website uses cookies, which may collect personal information. Cookies are pieces of data stored on your browser that record information on your use of the Foundation website, such as details of your server and your browsing activity, and send the information to the server. We use these cookies to monitor usage of the Foundation website only. You may be able to change the settings of your browser so that cookies are not accepted generally or that you are provided with options to accept or reject them as they are sent to your browser. You might not be able to use the full functionality of the Foundation website by refusing the use of cookies.
Why do we collect personal information and what are the consequences of not providing us with the information requested?
Generally, we collect personal information about you for the purpose of supporting our research into Alzheimer’s disease, to meet our obligations to you as well as to enable us to raise funds to support our research into Alzheimer’s. We also collect personal information so you can seek employment with us or communicate with us in writing, by e-mail, telephone or via the Foundation website. Our ability to meet our obligations to you, your business or to process any application may be adversely affected if you do not give us the requested personal information, or if the information you give us is incomplete or inaccurate.
For information about why the Foundation collects personal information in relation to its clinical trials, please see the section titled ‘Clinical Trials’ below.
How do we use your personal information?
We use personal information primarily to assist us in conducting and supporting research into making Alzheimer’s disease treatable and preventable. We may also use personal information:
to contact you to provide you with information or materials at your request;
for employment purposes including assessing applications for employment;
to inform and update you of the Foundation’s activities and events; and
to seek donations from you to support our research.
If we intend to use your personal information for direct marketing, such as by adding you to a marketing database, and you have not already consented to this use, we will notify you and will provide you with an opportunity to opt out.
If you no longer wish to receive our email alerts you may opt out at any time by replying to the email using the unsubscribe facility.
If you choose to be a part of a clinical trial run by the Foundation, your personal information may be used by the Foundation. Please see the section titled ‘Clinical Trials’ for more information below.
To whom do we disclose personal information?
We will only disclose personal information for the purpose for which it was collected or in the following circumstances:
to our research partners and collaborators who assist us in supporting or conducting our research into Alzheimer’s disease;
to various service providers, outside companies or vendors working on our behalf;
where required or authorised by law or otherwise as permitted under the Privacy Act;
where you consent or have authorised a third party to the disclosure.
If you choose to be a part of a clinical trial run by the Foundation, your personal information may be disclosed by the Foundation. Please see the section titled ‘Clinical Trials’ for more information below.
Cross-border disclosure of personal information
The Foundation is unlikely to disclose your personal information to overseas recipients. Should the Foundation be required to disclose your personal information to overseas recipients, we will do so in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Act.
If you choose to be a part of a clinical trial run by the Foundation, your personal information may be disclosed by the Foundation. Please see the section titled ‘Clinical Trials’ for more information below.
Clinical Trials
The Foundation conducts clinical trials to evaluate the effectiveness of nutraceutical and pharmaceutical agents being investigated as preventative or therapeutic agents for Alzheimer’s disease. Each clinical trial is conducted in accordance with the ethics approval granted in relation to it.
If you choose to be a part of a clinical trial run by the Foundation, you will be provided with further documentation which includes information on your privacy and the collection, use, hold and disclosure of your personal information.
Your personal information for the purposes of a clinical trial will be managed strictly in accordance with the ethics approval for that clinical trial and as disclosed in that documentation.
Should you require further information, please contact the privacy officer using the information provided below.
How secure and accurate is your personal information?
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that all personal information we hold is:
a) accurate, complete, up-to-date, relevant and not misleading;
b) stored in a secure environment; and
c) protected from misuse, interference and loss as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
If any of your details change, please let us know as soon as possible by using the contact details below so we can maintain the accuracy of your personal information.
How can you access and correct your personal information?
We seek to ensure that all personal information collected is accurate and complete. You have a right to access personal information we hold about you.
We will comply with any request to access your personal information that you send us by email at admin@alzheimers.com.au except where the Privacy Act or the APPs allow us to refuse to do so. There is no fee for making a request to access your personal information but we may charge a fee for giving you access to your personal information in a mutually agreed format, usually by sighting the accessible information held on file. You also have the right to ask us to correct information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading. If we refuse to correct your personal information as requested, we must:
notify you in writing of the reasons for the refusal (unless it would be unreasonable to do so) and how to complain of the refusal; and
if we do not agree to change your personal information in accordance with your request, we will permit you to make a statement of the requested changes and we will enclose this with your record so that it will be apparent to users of the information.
Links to other websites
The Foundation website may contain a link to third party websites. The links are provided for convenience only and we are not responsible for the content or material contained in, or obtained through, any third party website or for the privacy practices of the third party website. We suggest that you review the privacy policy of each website that you visit.
Our links to the linked websites should in no way be construed as an endorsement, approval or recommendation by us of the owners or operators of the linked website or of the content, products or services contained on or referred to by the linked websites.
How can I contact the Foundation
If you have any questions or complaints about how we handle your personal information, you can contact our Privacy Officer as follows:
Mail:  PO Box 963, Nedlands WA 6909
E- mail: admin@alzheimers.com.au
Phone: 08 6457 0253
We will consider and respond to any complaint notified to us within a reasonable time, usually 30 days. We will always endeavour to resolve any complaint to your satisfaction.
Australian Privacy Commissioner
If you are not satisfied with the way in which we handle your enquiry or complaint, you can contact the Office of the Australian Privacy Commissioner on Tel: 1300 363 992 or email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This is our current Privacy Policy outlining our personal information management practices. This Policy replaces any other privacy policy published by us to date. We may vary this policy from time to time. We encourage you to review the Foundation website regularly to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
Related Content
2015 Annual Report
Home
About Us
Copyright © 2020 Australian Alzheimer's Research Foundation Privacy Policy