http://www.natucson.org/privacy.php
SEAZNA
Home Page
Meeting List
Area Service Info
Events & Activities
Newsletter
SEAZNA Convention
Contacts & Links
Forms & Guidelines
Lecturas en español
Privacy Statement
DONATE!
Website Quality Survey
—Please take a few minutes and let us know how we are doing by filling out this survey. Thanks!
S E A Z N A
Help Line:
520-881-8381
Privacy Statement
Our Twelfth Tradition states, "Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of
all our traditions, ever reminding us to place principles before personalities."
Cookies: The spirit of our tradition of personal anonymity will be
followed on the Internet by not employing any technical means to track or
identify any visitor to this website. For further information on "cookies", a
user should consult his/her Internet browser's help utility or other Internet resource.
Communications: Any communication submitted to natucson.org will be
treated with confidentiality and anonymity in mind. We will delete all
communications received on a regular basis. Total anonymity cannot be guaranteed
in all circumstances. It is suggested that the senders of e-mail or feedback
forms take their own precautions if they desire to remain anonymous.
All communications considered to be official NA business require some
level of identification for the purposes of responding to those communications.
All efforts will be made to pass on communications in a timely manner to a
responsible trusted servant.
Personal Requests: Under no circumstances will e-mails of a personal
nature be forwarded to any NA member here in the Southeast Arizona Area. This is
an official website of the Southeast Arizona Area and anyone's membership in
Narcotics Anonymous will not be acknowledged.
This site is maintained by the Southeastern Arizona Area Web Servant and the Public Relations Sub-Committee.
The content on this site is provided in compliance with the SEAZNA Privacy Policy.
For more information, e-mail webservant@natucson.org or write: SEAZNA, P.O. Box 44081, Tucson, AZ 85733