http://www.soc-bdr.org/content/about_us/masthead_and_privacy/
SBDR - SOCIETY FOR BIOMEDICAL DIABETES RESEARCH
Masthead and Privacy
Login  |
Sitemap  |
Contact  |
About us
Our Mission
Career Opportunities
Membership
Diabetes Open Directory
The Review of Diabetic Studies
For Authors
Lab and Life Press
Research
IPITA Congress 2017
Support the SBDR
SBDR>About us> Masthead and Privacy
Masthead and Privacy
SciScript - Scientific article factory.Professional proofreading by scientists and linguists. Read more... klick here
http://www.sciscript.info/content/
Masthead and Privacy
SBDR - Society for Biomedical
Diabetes Research
Gneisenaustr. 86
47057 Duisburg
Germany
Phone: ++49-203-9413722
Fax:      ++49-203-9413724
E-mail: Info (at) soc-bdr.org
Internet: www.soc-bdr.org
Head Office in Duisburg
Register Court Duisburg
Register no. VR 4074
Make payments to:
SBDR - Society for Biomedical
Diabetes Research
Gneisenaustr. 86
47057 Duisburg, Germany
IBAN: DE98350603861275960005
BIC: GENODED1VRR
Volksbank
Copyright information:
The Society for Biomedical Diabetes Research (SBDR) owns, provides and maintains this website. Any further use of content from this website needs the agreement of the SBDR.
The Review of Diabetic Studies
The RDS (ISSN print 1613-6071, ISSN online 1614-0575) is published quarterly by the SBDR - Society for Biomedical Diabetes Research, Gneisenaustr. 86, 47057 Duisburg, Germany (accreditation no. 4074, register court Duisburg). The copyright © 2004-2019 of all content published in The RDS is held by the SBDR, all rights reserved. No material published in this journal may be reprinted or reproduced otherwise (online, in electronic form, photographically etc.) in parts or as a whole without written permission from the publisher, the SBDR. Requests for reprints of copyrighted material should be addressed to the RDS Editorial Office.
For any material provided on this website, if acquired by purchase or free, the following principles are part of the conditions of use and any user and customer agrees to them with any use: Storage of material downloaded from this site is exclusively granted for personal use only. Any resale, redistribution or republication without written permission from the publisher, the SBDR, is prohibited. Storage of fulltext articles on hard-disc, in cache, etc., which are published here, for the purpose of resale, redistribution or any republication without written permission of the SBDR contradicts international copyright law and is strictly prohibited.
The copyright of the articles published in The RDS includes the exclusive right to publish, reproduce and distribute any material in print, online and other forms (in parts or as a whole) and to translate them into other languages. Authors or any other third parties are not allowed to republish the article or to use the article as a whole or in parts for any other purpose, such as redistribution, republishing etc. Authors of articles published in The RDS must refer to The RDS (i.e. the SBDR) as the publisher of the original article in any case of further utilization (see the Copyright Agreement between the authors and the publisher online at http://www.The-RDS.org).
Resale of whole issues that were made available free of charge to legal entities, including scientific institutions or libraries, and private persons is prohibited. The scientific material in print and online that is made available free of charge remains within the property of the SBDR. We do not allow resale or redistribution for reselling purposes of whole issues that were received under these conditions. The place of jurisdiction for any legal affairs is Duisburg, Germany.
Diabetes Open Directory
The SBDR also provides the Diabetes Open Directory, which will be created by their users and different editors. For copyright protected material on this website, the submitting authors or other copyright holders retain rights for reproduction or redistribution. All persons reproducing or redistributing this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by the copyright holder. DOD itself places no restrictions on the use or distribution of the data contained therein. The SBDR is not in a position to assess the validity of claims regarding copyrights of DOD content and, therefore, cannot provide comment or unrestricted permission concerning the use, copying, or distribution of the information. Even if copyright status of documents, names, drugs or any kind of data within the content of DOD is not spelled out clearly the existence of such rights must be considered when using it in any kind.
All entries made in the DOD occur on own responsibilities of the corresponding authors or addressers and are freely available to other users upon submission. Authors and addressers of contributions in the DOD declare upon submission their agreement that their contributions will be published in this manner. Users and members of the DOD declare their agreement to the terms of usage upon use. If a user/author submits a contribution to the DOD he/she declares approval that other users may resond to this contribution using entry forms (if available) or e-mail addresses of the author and that responds will be published in the directory.
Disclaimer:
The SBDR does not assume responsibility for contents from external authors within the DOD data base. For documents and software available from this server, the SBDR does not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed.
External links:
The society reviews all linked pages apparently but does not assume liability for contents of external links. Responsibility for content of websites or pages linked from the SBDR-website lies exclusively on the operator/owner of the foreign website.
Automatically collected and stored information:
The SBDR does not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. The society guarantees that any data collected on the SBDR-website will be kept in confidence and will not be transferred to a third party.
Medical Information:
It is not the intention of the SBDR to provide specific medical advice but to provide users with information to a better understanding of the scientific advances about diabetes. To this end the SBDR carries on the DOD data base for an accelerated distribution of diabetes-related information among the scientific community. Specific medical advice will not be provided, and the SBDR urges you to consult with a qualified physician for diagnosis and for answers to your personal questions.
Copyright by SBDR © 2002-2020
| Last Change: 2019/01/24
Recommend this page
| Print page
| Sitemap