https://www.hiv-druginteractions.org/terms
HIV Drug Interactions
Interaction Checker
Apps
Download from the AppStore
Download from Google Play
Interaction Checker
About Us
Mission Statement
Editorial Board
Meet the Team
Interaction Checkers
Interaction Checker
Interaction Checker Lite
View All Checker
Prescribing Resources
Videos
Site News
Contact Us
Feedback Form
Suggest a Drug
Support Us
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
OK
Learn more
HIV Drug Interactions Terms and Conditions
Below are our terms and conditions for hiv-druginteractions.org
University of Liverpool
Foundation Building
Brownlow Hill
Liverpool
L69 7ZX
Clubzap Ltd
Cloughoolia
Sixmilebridge
Clare
Ireland
Acceptance of terms of use
This website is owned by The University of Liverpool (www.liv.ac.uk) and provided by The University of Liverpool in collaboration with Clubzap Ltd. By accessing or using this site, you agree to abide by the following Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. We reserve the right to update the Terms of Use at any time and without notice by posting the updated Terms of Use on this website. Your subsequent use constitutes acceptance. Access to this website may be suspended at any time, without prior notice.
Copyright and trademarks
All content provided on this website is owned by or licensed to The University of Liverpool and protected by UK and international copyright laws. The University of Liverpool and its licensors retain all proprietary rights to the website content. The content may not be reproduced, transmitted, or distributed without the prior written consent of The University of Liverpool. The service marks, trade names, logos, and graphics (“Marks”) of The University of Liverpool, its licensors, partners and sponsors may not be used or reproduced without our written consent, except to identify our products and services.
License and site access
The University of Liverpool grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website, subject to the Terms of Use. This website and any portion of it may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, downloaded, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of The University of Liverpool. You may download content (except for any otherwise identified third-party owned content) only for your own non-commercial use, but no modification, reproduction, re-use, further distribution or transmission in any form is allowed, including creation of derivative works, without our prior written consent. Any copyright or other proprietary rights notices must be retained in any content that you download. You must obtain permission from the third-party owner before using or downloading any third-party owned content available on this website. You may not frame or utilise framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout and form) of The University of Liverpool or its licensors, partners and sponsors without our express written consent. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilising name or Marks of The University of Liverpool, its licensors, partners and sponsors without our express written consent. Any unauthorised use terminates the licence granted by The University of Liverpool. With the exception of the above permissions, no other licence or rights are granted to you.
Links from and to third party websites
The University of Liverpool allows limited links to this website. However, you are not allowed to frame our website or incorporate pieces of it into a different website or product in a way that misrepresents our content and/or copyright. Under no circumstances are you allowed to link to this site if you engage in illegal, obscene, or offensive content, or if the link in any way has a negative impact on our reputation.
This website contains links or references to third party websites. In following these links you will be moving away from www.hiv-druginteractions.org. These links are provided as a courtesy to our website users. The University of Liverpool is not responsible for the content of any linked websites and their inclusion does not imply that The University of Liverpool endorses, approves, sponsors or recommends the linked site. The appropriate disclaimers on these linked sites should be read. The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from allegations related to any third-party owned website or content.
Information supplied by users
Any personally identifiable information that you submit via this website will be subject to the terms of our website Privacy Policy. All other information that you supply (including, without limitation, comments, ideas, questions, and data) will be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary. The University of Liverpool may use such information for any purpose, including, but not limited to, disclosure to third parties, reproduction, adaptation, publication, posting, transmission, and for inclusion in or development of new products and services, which shall be royalty-free and without restriction.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
Website users must not knowingly introduce viruses, trojans, worms, or any other malicious or technologically harmful programs or code to our website. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, our website server, or any server, computer or database connected to our website, or affect our website via a denial-of-service attack. Any such acts of “computer misuse” could constitute a criminal offence and will be reported to the relevant law enforcement authorities, including disclosure of your identity. The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd will not be liable for any loss or damage caused to your computer, devices, or proprietary materials by denial-of-service attacks, viruses or other technologically harmful material associated with your use of our website or due to you downloading material, information or apps from our websites, or any website linked to it. You are advised to check all materials and/or content accessed and/or downloaded from this website using up-to-date virus checking software.
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
This website is provided for information only. It is not intended to replace a consultation with an appropriately qualified health professional, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the exercise of professional judgement. We aim to ensure that the information published on this website is accurate and consistent with current knowledge and practice. However, medical knowledge and practice is constantly evolving and individual cases may require specific advice that cannot be addressed through this website. Views and opinions expressed in material available on this website are solely those of the authors and are not necessarily the views of the University of Liverpool or Clubzap Ltd. The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd and their partners, sponsors, or agents shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the continued currency of the information or for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies on the website whether arising from negligence or otherwise howsoever or for any consequences arising therefrom. The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd expressly exclude liability for errors, omissions or inaccuracies to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Clinicians should consult appropriate prescribing information for any pharmacotherapy referred to within our website. The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd do not warrant or guarantee any medical products described on our website, and do not perform any independent analysis in connection with any data or product descriptions. By making this information available, The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd are not advocating the use of any product described on our website. Additional information on any product may be obtained from the manufacturer.
The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd shall not be responsible for any decisions or actions taken by users of this website as a result of information contained on or accessed through this website. In no event shall The University of Liverpool, Clubzap Ltd or their sponsors, partners or agents, be liable for any loss or damages of any kind arising from the use of, or inability to use, or from any content on our website or linked sites, including but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, and punitive damages.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The University of Liverpool and Clubzap Ltd, retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in the countries in which we are located, your country of residence, or any other relevant country.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or our use of your personal information, or if you want to change or correct your personal information, please contact us by:
Post:
Liverpool Drug Interactions Group
c/o Sara Gibbons
Pharmacology Research Labs
University of Liverpool
Block H, First Floor,
70 Pembroke Place
Liverpool, L69 3GF
Phone:
+44 (0)151 794 5553
Fax:
+44 (0)151 794 5656
Email:
hivgroup@liv.ac.uk
SPONSORS
EDITORIAL SPONSORS
Awards and commendations
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Last Review: December 11, 2020
Copyright © 2020 The University of Liverpool. All rights reserved.