http://www.kgh.on.ca/about-kgh/privacy-and-access-information/freedom-information
Time to move on to a modern browser
This website contains features not supported by your current web browser. To view this website please use a more current version of web browser.
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer 11
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome / Privacy And Access To Information / Freedom of Information
Freedom of Information
Information about Kingston Health Sciences Centre / Freedom of Information Requests
The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA) provides individuals with the right to:
access their (non-health) personal information held by the hospital;
access general records about the management and operation of Kingston Health Sciences Centre;
correct their personal information.
This type of request is not for access to your personal health records. If you wish to access your personal health records, please see the My Health Care Information page.
The Privacy Office is also the place to go if you want information about Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) that isn’t available on our internet site, or to access your personal information.
What types of information does Kingston Health Sciences Centre make available?
You can find a lot of information about the organization’s management and operation elsewhere on this site where we post information such as annual reports and financial statements as well as other information. Click here to learn more.
I don’t see what I’m looking for on your website. How do I access other information about Kingston Health Sciences Centre?
Please submit your request in writing using the form below. Once completed, please send the Freedom of Information Access Request Form and mandatory application fee of $5 (cheque made payable to Kingston Health Sciences Centre) to the Freedom of Information Coordinator at the address below.
Freedom of Information Access Request Form
Privacy and Freedom of Information Office
Kingston Health Sciences Centre
76 Stuart Street
Kingston, ON K7L 2V7
Phone: (613) 549-6666 ext 2567
Fax: (613) 548-2445
Email: Privacy@KingstonHSC.ca
How do I know what to ask for?
Make sure you state your request as clearly as possible.
We have a list of the types of documents found in various offices throughout the organization listed by the office most responsible for them that might help you request information.
Hospital Records Inventory
We also have a list of places or ‘banks’ in the organization (usually in electronic format) where your personal information may be stored. These are databases used by KHSC to provide care, charge for services, etc. You have the right to request access to your personal information.
Personal Information Banks
If you need assistance formulating your request, please contact the Privacy Office.
Will I have to pay anything in addition to the application fee?
In addition to the $5 application fee, other fees may apply to recover costs as permitted by law.
FIPPA access request fee schedule
Are there records that I am not permitted to see?
By law, Kingston Health Sciences Centre cannot provide access to some records as listed below:
employment
labour relations
the appointments or privileges of health professionals
regulated health professionals’ private practice records
research and teaching records
hospital foundation and charitable donation records
records relating to the provision of abortion services
personal health information (subject to the Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA))
quality of care information (prepared by or for a designated quality of care committee under Quality of Care Information Protection Act (QCIPA))
If you have further questions about how to access information held by KHSC, please contact the Privacy Office using the contact information provided above.
Who we are
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Innovation @ KHSC
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Patient and Family Advisory Council
Privacy And Access To InformationMy Healthcare Information
Freedom of Information
Health Information Network Provider (HINP)
Video Surveillance use at KHSC
Our Foundation
Have feedback about your experience or need to find out how to contact someone at the hospital?
Connect now
Whether you're here for a long stay or a short one, you have several parking options to choose from.
Parking at KGH
Parking at HDH
Whether you are travelling by car or bus, you should have no trouble finding us. We also have direct taxi lines in the main lobby.
Tell me more
Are you looking to find or get in touch with a patient or family member here at the hospital? There are different ways you can reach them.
Tell me more
Tweets by @KingstonHSC
© Kingston Health Sciences Centre, 2020. All rights reserved. Employee Self Service|
KHSCNow|
Webmail Access|
Board Portal|
Citrix|
Career Hub|
Terms and Conditions|
KnowledgeNow|
E-Pay Stub
Menu
Search
Are You A...
Connect