http://www.astrazeneca-us.com/medicines/help-affording-your-medicines/azandme-prescription-savings-programs
Skip to content
skip to navigation
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit.
By using this website you consent to our use of these cookies.
Find out more about how we use cookies and how to manage them by reading our cookie notice.
Close
Search
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Close
AstraZeneca in the United States
AstraZeneca in the US
Contact us
Sustainability
Sustainability
Patient programs
Improving access to care
Health and science innovation
Employee Volunteerism and Giving
Request support
AstraZeneca HealthCare Foundation
Responsible business
Corporate transparency
Medicines
AstraZeneca medications
Affordability
AstraZeneca Direct
Product counterfeiting
Medical information for healthcare providers
Cancer Study Locator
Careers
Careers
Military careers
Media
Media
Blog
More
Hide
AstraZeneca Websites
Global site
Affordability
If you can't afford your medicine, AstraZeneca may be able to help.
Co-Pay Savings
You may be eligible for the Co-Pay Savings Program if you are commercially insured and not enrolled in a state or federally funded program.
Learn more
Patient Assistance Program
AZ&Me™ is designed to help qualifying people without insurance and those on Medicare who are having trouble affording their AstraZeneca medications.
Learn more
Additional Resources
Other Resources
Independent Patient Assistance Foundations
Learn more
Co-Pay Savings
We provide financial assistance to eligible commercially insured patients that help reduce monthly cost of your medication.
Commercial insurance is sometimes referred to as “private insurance” and is typically provided by the company you work for.
AstraZeneca Co-Pay Support for Primary Care Products
Usually bought from independent or chain retail pharmacies.
View Savings Offers
AstraZeneca Co-Pay Support for Specialty Care Products
Often biologics, injections, or infusions.
View Savings offers
AZ&Me Prescription Savings Program
Helps eligible uninsured and Medicare patients gain access to AstraZeneca medications.
AstraZeneca medicines provided at no cost. Click here to review the list of medicines available through this program.
•   There is NO cost to sign up for the program.
•   Once enrolled, you remain enrolled for up to one year.
•   At the end of that year you can reapply.
•   Medicines are mailed to the patient’s home or physician’s office.
Click here to find out if you may be eligible for the program.
Additional Affordability Resources
Other Resources
Here are some additional resources that may help you gain access to the medicines or services you need. This is not a complete list and is provided as a public service for health care providers, caregivers, and low-income patients.
Area Agencies on Aging (ElderCare)
Local area agencies on aging may be able to help patients age 65 years and older who cannot afford their medicines. To contact your local area agency on aging, call 1-800-677-1116 or visit www.eldercare.acl.gov.
Association of Clinicians for the Underserved (ACU)
The ACU is a nonprofit organization that works to help clinicians better serve the needs of low-income patients. The ACU has developed tools and links for implementing comprehensive pharmaceutical care for low-income patients. For more information, visit www.clinicians.org.
BenefitsCheckUp®
The National Council on Aging (NCOA) sponsors this website. It offers confidential assistance online for seniors and caregivers by searching more than 1,100 federal, state, and private prescription drug programs and determining those for which the senior may be eligible. For more information, visit www.benefitscheckup.org.
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA)
HRSA offers information about community health centers that may offer prescription assistance to low-income patients. For more information, call 1-888-ASK-HRSA or visit www.hrsa.gov.
Inside RxSM
Express Scripts has introduced a prescription drug discount program called InsideRx and AstraZeneca is one of several pharmaceutical companies participating. This program serves as another option for patients who pay full price at the pharmacy, including those who don’t have insurance, or who are in the deductible phase of a high-deductible commercial insurance plan. Through this program, many AstraZeneca products can be accessed at a discounted price, providing savings that are realized immediately at the pharmacy. For a list of participating pharmacies, medications, and other important information about the program, visit www.InsideRx.com.
Medicine Assistance Tool (MAT)
PhRMA’s Medicine Assistance Tool (MAT)
is a search engine designed to help patients, caregivers and health care providers learn more about the resources available through the various biopharmaceutical industry programs. MAT is not its own patient assistance program but rather a search engine for many of the patient assistance resources that the biopharmaceutical industry offers. For more information, visit www.mat.org.
Medicare
This official Medicare website can help patients, caregivers, and doctors find information about public and private prescription drug assistance programs in their area, including eligibility requirements and covered services. For more information, visit www.medicare.gov.
My Medicare Matters
The My Medicare Matters website is designed to help individuals learn more about Medicare prescription drug coverage. The website was developed using materials from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, as well as materials developed by the National Council on Aging (NCOA), the Access to Benefits Coalition (ABC), and AstraZeneca. For more information, visit www.mymedicarematters.org.
NeedyMeds
NeedyMeds is devoted to helping people in need find assistance programs to help them afford their medications and costs related to health care. The NeedyMeds website provides information on company patient assistance programs, free and low-cost clinics, government programs and other types of assistance programs. For more information, visit www.needymeds.org.
Rx Outreach
Rx Outreach is a fully licensed nonprofit mail order pharmacy.  It offers more than 1,000 medication strengths that cover most chronic diseases. Rx Outreach is available to qualifying individuals and families.  Patients or their advocates can complete a simple enrollment process online, by phone, or with a paper application.  For more information, call 1-888-RXO-1234 (1-888-796-1234) or visit https://rxoutreach.org/.
RxAssist
RxAssist lets you search for information on patient assistance programs by company, brand name, generic name, or type of medicine. RxAssist provides information on ways to get free and low-cost medications. The site also provides a quick-reference chart that lists drug assistance programs by state. For more information, visit www.rxassist.org.
RxHope™
RxHope lets you search for patient assistance information. In addition, some companies allow physicians to submit applications electronically through this site. For more information, visit www.rxhope.com.
Independent Charitable Patient Assistance Foundations
Assistance may be available through independent foundations such as those listed below. This is not a comprehensive list, and other foundations may be able to help. Foundations can provide a variety of assistance types: co-pay, transportation, premium, patient education, etc. These foundations are not associated with AstraZeneca; specific details and eligibility requirements can be found directly on the foundations’ websites.
The Assistance Fund
•      https://tafcares.org/
•      1-855-845-3663
CancerCare Co-Payment Assistance Foundation
•      www.cancercare.org
•      1-866 552-6729
Good Days Fund
•      www.mygooddays.org
•      1-877-968-7233
HealthWell Foundation
•      www.healthwellfoundation.org
•      1-800-675-8416
Leukemia & Lymphoma Society
•      www.lls.org
•      1-800-955-4572
Patient Access Network Foundation
•      www.PANfoundation.org
•      1-866-316-7263
Patient Advocate Foundation
•      www.patientadvocate.org
•      1-800-532-5274
Patient Services, Inc.
•      www.patientservicesinc.org
•      1-800-366-7741
You are now leaving AstraZeneca-us.com
You have selected a link that will take you to a site maintained by a third party who is solely responsible for its contents.
AstraZeneca provides this link as a service to website visitors. AstraZeneca is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Click ‘cancel’ to return to AstraZeneca’s site or ‘continue’ to proceed.
Cancel
Continue
?
Important notice for users
You are about to access AstraZeneca historic archive material. Any reference in these archives to AstraZeneca products or their uses may not reflect current medical knowledge and should not be used as a source of information on the present product label, efficacy data or safety data. Please refer to your approved national product label (SmPC) for current product information.
I have read this warning and will not be using any of the contained product information for clinical purposes.
I disagree
I agree
?
?