https://www.teenchallenge.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Teen Challenge of Southern California Privacy PolicyDerek Galen2017-10-13T14:23:19-07:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Teen Challenge of Southern California (TCSC) is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. We have developed this privacy policy to ensure our donors that donor information will not be shared with any third party.
Awareness. TCSC provides this Donor Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, if you desire to do so.
Information Collected. Here are the types of donor information that we collect and maintain:
Contact information: name, organization/church, complete address, phone number, email address;
Payment information: credit card number and expiration date, and billing information;
Shipping information: name, organization/church, complete address;
Information concerning how you heard about TCSC;
Information you wish to share: questions, comments, suggestions; and
Your request to receive periodic updates; e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fundraising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.
How Information is Used. TCSC uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on ministry happenings. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
No Sharing of Personal Information. TCSC will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all our donors will be kept confidential. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of TCSC and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of TCSC.
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List. It is our desire to not send unwanted mail to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Contacting Us. If you have comments or questions about our donor privacy policy, please send us an email via our CONTACT US page or call us at (951) 750-1779.