https://www.fitwatch.com/privacy-policy
8 Ways to Cut Calories
Register for free
Log in
FitWatch
Programs
Tracker
Count Calories
Blog
Calculators
Most Popular
Weight Loss Percentage Calculator
Weight Loss Target Date Calculator
Calorie Deficit Calculator
Body Fat Percentage Calculator
Fitness Calculators
Activity / Exercise Calories Burned Calculator
Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR) Calculator
Body Mass Index (BMI) Calculator
Nutrition Calculators
Calories Per Meal Calculator
Calorie Counter / Food Database
More
More Calculators
More Tools
Lose Weight
The Elements of Weight Loss
How to Set SMART Weight Loss Goals
7 Ways to Boost Your Metabolism
10 Ways You CAN Exercise At Home
10 Ways to Exercise While Watching TV
More Strategies
Weight Loss
Nutrition
Exercise
About
About FitWatch
Contact FitWatch
Home/
Privacy Policy
FitWatch Inc. understands your privacy is important to you (the "Visitor"). This privacy statement reflects the policies in place regarding your use of www.fitwatch.com (the "Site"), as a Visitor.
You must be 18 years of age and older to view the Site. If you are under the age of 18, you must not use this Site.
Website: FitWatch Inc. tracks non-identifiable Visitor information, including but not limited to IP address, browser used, amount of time spent on the Site, amount of pages visited, in order to analyze trends, to gauge Visitor interest in the Site and to make the visit more useful to the Visitor.
Cookies: Cookies are used when a user willingly enters information, including but not limited to age, weight, height, for use in the various calculators and trackers on the Site. Also, through advertisements, third parties may be placing cookies or web beacons while ads are being served. For more information about cookies, please read your browser's help file.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Google Analytics:  FitWatch Inc. uses Google Analtyics to anonymously track information about Visitors to www.fitwatch.com.  Data tracked  includes where a Visitor came from, country, browser, IP address, pages looked at and other information. This information is used to understand what a visitor is looking for, how the Visitor found FitWatch and how to better serve the visitor.
You can opt-out of this by disabling cookies.  Learn more from NIA.
You can also use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
FitWatch Fitness Tracker: Information entered may be used for statistical purposes (e.g. to calculate percentage of men vs. women who use the tracker).
Payment: All payment transactions occur under a secure server, using either an SSL certificate on the Site or through PayPal's secure server. No credit card information is stored on the Site.
Forum: Please be aware that FitWatch Inc. cannot be held responsible for any information that you divulge on an open forum. It is in your best interest not to divulge any personal, identifiable information in a forum.
E-mail Addresses Collected: E-mail addresses that are collected are never sold or rented to third parties. Users of the free version of the FitWatch Fitness Tracker and/or FitWatch FatPounders agree to an occasional e-mail from FitWatch regarding FitWatch services or third-party products, as noted in the respective Terms of Service.
Revisions: FitWatch Inc. reserves the right to revise this privacy statement, at any time, by updating this page.
Disclosure: Only FitWatch Inc. employees, officers, directors may have access to this information. Information would be disclosed in order to comply with a court order or subpoena.
If you have any questions regarding privacy on this Site, please contact support@fitwatch.com.
Latest Posts
What’s the #1 BEST workout that you can do to reach your goals?
How To Reach Your Fitness Goals Using the Power of Imagination
How Much Water Do I Really Need to Drink?
5 Tips to Make Cooking More Fun
What is the Mediterranean Diet?
×
Sign Up For Your Free Account
Fill out the form below to create your free FitWatch account and get ready for an eye-opening experience in tracking your food and exercise.
Learn more
×
Oh snap! Registration failed.