http://www.thewellnesscommunity.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The Cancer Support Community Internet Information Privacy Statement
Our Commitment to Information Privacy
The Cancer Support Community (CSC) respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.cancersupportcommunity.org. This document explains our online information collection and utilization practices.
Information Collected
We collect three types of information on the Cancer Support Community Website:
Standard Web server traffic pattern information. General traffic, site usage, and length of stay information is collected and stored in log files. This type of information is rarely shared outside of the Cancer Support Community, and then only in summary such that your personal information will remain anonymous and unidentifiable.
Personal information. Personally identifiable information is collected from you in only specific situations. This information is never shared with an outside organization. The situations where this type of information may be requested is:
Enrollment in an Online Support Group
Completion of an Online Community Profile (Note that you are able to designate what information can be seen by others)
Make a Donation to the Cancer Support Community
Order materials that need to be mailed to you
CancerSupportSource - Distress Screening Tool
Demographic Information. If you enroll in an Online Support Group, we may collect information such as: your role as patient, caregiver or heath care professional; specific cancer related information; treatment related information; and other information that may assist the Cancer Support Community continue providing programs and services that can be validated and verified as effective.
Use of Cookies
Most modern websites use cookies, small files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer's hard drive, to speed up your access to the information you wish to see, but it does not contain any personal information. The majority of Web browsers accept cookies, but the "help" menu on your browser should give you options for preventing, accepting, or receiving notice of new cookies. However, please be aware that if you block cookies, some Web site functionality may be lost.
External Website Links
Our privacy policy applies only to the CSC Web site. This site contains links to other sites, including sites that have a special relationship with us. We do not disclose personably identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those Web sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Contact Us
This privacy statement will be updated periodically and posted on our Web site. It applies only to our online practices and does not encompass other areas of the organization or its business operations.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to update this policy at any time. If a material change is made to the policy, those changes will be clearly posted on the CSC Website.