https://www.circleofcare.com/legal/
News
Virtual Groups
Donate
Volunteer
Careers
Call Us: 416-635-2860
Terms of Use
By using or visiting our website, you agree to the following terms and conditions
CIRCLE OF HOME CARE SERVICES (TORONTO)
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) operates this Website to provide online access to information about Circle of Home Care Services. The term “Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto)” or “we” or “our” refers to the owner of this Website. The term “you” refers to the user or view of our Website.
1. Acceptance of Terms
a. By using or visiting the Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) website (the “Website”), you agree to these terms and conditions (the “Terms”).
b. Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) may, in its sole discretion, revise these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time without advance notice to you. Your use of the Website following any such modification constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by such revisions.
2. Circle of Home Care Services Website
a. The Terms apply to all users of the Website, including users who contribute content to the Website.
b. The Website may contain links to certain third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto). The links to third party websites do not imply approval or endorsement of the third party websites by Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto). Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) has no control over, and assumes no responsibility, whatsoever, for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. By visiting any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses, and other destructive elements.
3. Ownership of Website Content
a. The Terms apply to all users of the Website, including users who contribute content to the Website.
b. The Website may contain links to certain third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto). The links to third party websites do not imply approval or endorsement of the third party websites by Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto). Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) has no control over, and assumes no responsibility, whatsoever, for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. By visiting any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses, and other destructive elements.
c. Any unauthorized copying, redistribution, reproduction or modification of the Content by any person may be a violation of trade-mark and/or copyright laws and could subject such person to legal action. You agree to comply with all copyright laws in your use of this Website and to prevent any authorized copying of the Content.
They must be used accurately, without modification;
They must identify Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) as the source; and
They must be used solely for non-commercial purposes
d. Certain names, graphics, logos, designs, on this Website constitute trade-marks and trade names, and are protected in Canada and internationally, and their display on this Website does not convey or create any license or other rights in the Marks. Any use of any of same, in whole or in part, without prior written authorization of Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) is strictly prohibited.
e. Certain names, graphics, logos, designs, on this Website constitute trade-marks and trade names, and are protected in Canada and internationally, and their display on this Website does not convey or create any license or other rights in the Marks. Any use of any of same, in whole or in part, without prior written authorization of Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) is strictly prohibited.
4. Prohibited Uses
You may not:
a. Sell the Content from this Website or reproduce it for sale;
b. Copy the Content onto your or any other person’s worldwide web homepage;
c. Use this Website in a way that could damage it or the Content displayed on it;
d. Disrupt or interfere with any other person’s use of this Website;
e. Use the Website or its Content for any illegal activity.
5. Privacy
This Privacy Policy has been developed in accordance with Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). By accessing and/or using this Website, you may provide us with personal information. You acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy, which governs the collection, use, storage and disclosure of such personal information.
a. We collect personal identifiable information about you for specific, legitimate purposes, in order to respond to your questions and comments about the Services we provided;
b. Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purpose other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of you or as required by law;
c. We do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose any of the personal information we collect;
d. We will retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected;
e. We endeavour to ensure that any personal information provided by you is accurate, current and complete as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the information has been collected, used and retained;
f. All personal information is protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
6. Disclaimer
a. The Website and Content provided on this Website is provided “AS IS” and without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied. Your use of this Website is entirely at your own risk.
b. Without limiting the foregoing, Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) does not warrant or make any representation regarding the use, ability to use, or the result of use of the content in terms of accuracy, reliability, completeness or otherwise.
c. Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) makes no warranties that your use of the content will not infringe the rights of others and assumes NO liability or responsibility for errors or omission in such content.
d. Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) and its staff are not physicians. The information contained on this Website is neither intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, nor is intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment. We recommend that you always seek the advice of a licensed physician and follow any directions or opinions they may provide prior to implementing any of the advice, actions, or lifestyle changes discussed on this Website. Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) is not responsible or liable for any treatment, opinions, or other services rendered by any physician in Canada or elsewhere. Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) is further not liable for any malpractice claims or other claims, injuries or consequences that may arise, directly or indirectly, from any advice, treatment, or other services rendered.
7. Limitation of Liability
You agree that in no event will Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto), its employees, agents, officers and directors have any responsibility or liability in connection with this Website for any loss or damages whatsoever, whether based in contract, negligence or other legal basis, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages resulting from or in connection with the use of or access to, this Website, the Content, any content of any linked website, or failure of such websites. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto), its employees, agents, officers and directors from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, judgments, losses, liabilities, costs or debts, legal fees and other expenses arising from: (i) your use of and access to the website; or (ii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right. This defence and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms and your use of the Website.
9. Applicable Law
This Website is controlled, operated and administered by Circle of Home Care Services (Toronto) from within the Province of Ontario. By accessing this Website, you agree that the all matters relating to the access to, or use of, this Website, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
Information and Resources on COVID-19
Learn More
4211 Yonge Street, Suite 401
Toronto, Ontario M2P 2A9
Telephone: (416) 635-2860
Fax: (416) 635-1692
Email: info@circleofcare.com
Join Our Team
Careers
Students
Volunteers
About Us
Who We Are
Board of Directors
Make a Donation
Quick Links
Personal Support
Transportation
Meals on Wheels
Exercise and Falls Prevention
Holocaust Survivors
Hospice Care
Portal Log In
PSW Portal
Volunteer Portal
Other
Accessibility
Media Inquiries
Privacy
Terms of Use
Whistleblower Policy
Newsletter
Sign Up
© 2015 Circle of Care. All Rights Reserved.
COVID-19
COVID-19 FAQs for Clients
CEO Update on COVID-19
Personal Protective Equipment in Home Care
Donate Supplies
Programs & Services
At Home
Personal Support
Hospice Care
Friendly Visiting
Phone Pals
Community Services
Meals on Wheels
iRIDE Transportation
Monthly Social Group
Exercise and Falls Prevention
Specialized Services
Information & Referral
Holocaust Survivor Services
Adult Day Program
Elder Abuse Prevention and Intervention
Client & Caregiver Support
Bereavement Support
Caregiver Respite
Client & Family Counselling
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy
Support Groups & Sessions
About Us
Who We Are
Careers
Personal Support Workers
Internationally-Trained Nurses and Doctors
New PSW Graduates
Corporate Employees
Professional Practice Careers
Russian-Speaking Careers
Our Students
Volunteer
Donate to Circle of Care
Board of Directors
Health Equity and Diversity
Client Information
Accessibility
Client & Family FAQs
Client and Family Caregiver Advisory Council
EZ Assist Client App
Service Fees
Contact Us
News
Virtual Groups
Donate
Volunteer
Careers
Call Us: 416-635-2860