http://www.safecosmetics.org/privacy-policy/
Get the Facts
Chemicals of Concern
Health & Science
Regulations
Reports
Safer Cosmetics Companies
Take Action
Action Alerts
About Us
Contact Us
News Coverage
Press Releases
Donate
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy last revised February 13, 2015
Campaign for Safe Cosmetics, a project of Breast Cancer Prevention Partners, hereafter “The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics,” respects your right to privacy and is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust.  Accordingly, we have created this Privacy Policy for visitors to the safecosmetics.org website to inform you about the ways in which we collect and use this information.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  Your use of safecosmetics.org indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Most areas of safecosmetics.org are accessible without registration of any kind.  However, some of our services, outlined below, require some identification in order to be effective.  We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other Campaign for Safe Cosmetics activities and/or fundraising campaigns or as otherwise disclosed to you when we collect your information.  The types of information the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics collects and how it uses this information is outlined below.
Types of Information We Collect
We gather two types of information from you when you visit safecosmetics.org: 1) anonymous usage or statistical information that does not, by itself, identify you, such as, for example, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the Web site that you were using before visiting safecosmetics.org, which browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (IP) address; and 2) personally identifiable information that you provide, which is information that lets us know the specifics of who you are, such as, for example, your first and last name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, purchase history and your username and password for safecosmetics.org.
How We Collect Information
Anonymous Information
Cookies: The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics uses “cookies” on safecosmetics.org to assist us in presenting content most relevant to you and to facilitate your use of our online advocacy, personal fundraising pages and other site tools.  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive that do not contain any personal identifying information.  Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses; they can only communicate with the Web site that issued them.  Cookies are frequently used by Web sites to prevent users from having to log in repeatedly or to set customizable preferences.  You may turn off the use of cookies from your browser options menu, and your access and ability to view safecosmetics.org will not be affected if you choose to do so.
Data Collection: When you visit safecosmetics.org, Google Analytics will request certain electronic information from your computer which may include your IP address; the domain from which you are using the Internet; the Web site you visited immediately preceding this one; the pages you visited on our Web site; and the time you spent at each page.  Additionally, when you choose to share the content of a page on safecosmetics.org with your social networks, the content from safecosmetics.org that you share and networks with which you share will be recorded.
Personally Identifiable Information
Online Activism: To send a message from our online action center to government officials and other decision-makers you must identify yourself by name, address and e-mail address. The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics includes this information when we send your message. This is necessary for your message to be effective, and in the case of many government officials it is required.
Postcards and “Spread-the-Word” Pages: To forward an article, postcard or action alert you must enter your name, e-mail address and the e-mail address(es) of anyone you are sending it to. The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics includes your name and e-mail address when we send your message. We retain your personal information, but not the personal information of recipients that you supply.
Donations: If you choose to make an online donation to Breast Cancer Prevention Partners’ Campaign for Safe Cosmetics, either through a general donation fund or by sponsoring an event participant, your will have to provide your credit card billing information. As this information is collected and transferred over the Internet to our Internet Merchant Account’s secure server, it is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, the industry standard security technology that is designed to protect sensitive information. If you are making a donation, the credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation and will not be used for any other purposes.  We do not store it once your donation has been processed unless you have expressly set up a recurring donation. You will receive acknowledgement directly from Breast Cancer Prevention Partners.
Other Places Information May Be Requested: In addition to the use cases described above, you may submit information directly to the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics for purposes including subscribing to our e-mail list, registering for an event, signing up to volunteer, ordering a print publication, entering a contest, ordering merchandise directly from the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics.  The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics will not disclose this information to anyone except in accordance with any rules you agree to as a contestant and, as described above, to manage safecosmetics.org and database.
Information You Provide: When you use safecosmetics.org, you may be given an opportunity to post comments, biographical information or your personal story.  If you choose to include any personally identifiable or other information in a Site forum accessible to others, you do so at your own risk.  By submitting such a story to us, you give us permission to edit it, post it on safecosmetics.org and use it in appropriate settings designed to illustrate the impact of our environment on human health.  The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics is not responsible for the disclosure or use of any information that you choose to post or otherwise make available to others through safecosmetics.org.  We have no obligation to keep that information private or to not use or display it ourselves.  If you do not want such information to be viewed by third parties, do not share it in public areas of safecosmetics.org.
Use of Information
Neither Breast Cancer Prevention Partners nor the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics sells or rents any information you provide us through safecosmetics.org.
The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics uses the anonymous information you provide for the purposes of evaluating how safecosmetics.org is used.  The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics will disclose this information, without notice, only if required to do so by law, to comply with any legal proceeding, or to protect and defend the rights or property of the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics.
In addition to the uses specified under the relevant sections above, the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics may disclose personally identifiable information to third-party vendors or law enforcement officials in order to prevent abuse of, or harm to, our systems, services, members, sponsors, users, or other members of our community.  We also may cooperate with law enforcement agencies in providing personally identifiable information to identify anyone who may be using safecosmetics.org for illegal activities.  The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics also may disclose your personally identifiable information as otherwise required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order.
Security of Personally Identifiable Information
We attempt to protect your personally identifiable information from theft, loss, or alteration with security measures that are reasonable and consistent with industry standards.  For example, we use encryption technologies whenever transferring certain types of sensitive information, such as credit card data.  However, due to the nature of the Internet and wireless networks, the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information will be kept 100 percent secure, despite our efforts.  Information may be viewed or tampered with while in transit to the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics, while being stored at the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics, or when the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics transmits such information to third parties.  The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics assumes no responsibility for the security of your information that we may transmit to third parties once that information is in their possession.
Because you can access your personally identifiable information in your Campaign for Safe Cosmetics account through your username and password, it is important you not share your password with anyone.  Also remember to log out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to safecosmetics.org.  This is to help ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer or mobile device in a public place, such as a library or café.  You are entirely responsible for any use or disclosure of your information by anyone to whom you have given your password.
International Concerns
Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit to us may be transferred, processed, stored, and use in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you live, where laws regarding processing of your personally identifiable information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  By using safecosmetics.org, you explicitly consent to such transfer, processing, storage, and use of your information.
Updating Your Information and Opting Out
You can review and update the information we have on record for you by going to the Log In link to manage your profile. If it’s your first time using the profile editor, you will need to provide your e-mail address on the log-in page so we can send you a password.
Communications from the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics
If you join our e-mail list, we will have a record of your e-mail address and all other information you choose to provide. We may contact you by e-mail about a broad range of Campaign for Safe Cosmetics activities. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each e-mail we send, or by e-mailing your unsubscribe request to contact@bcpp.org.
By submitting your personal information via this Web site, your information will be added to the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics’s constituent database, and you may be contacted about other Campaign for Safe Cosmetics activities, news and/or fundraising campaigns. We do not share any of the e-mail addresses collected from safecosmetics.org with other individuals, organizations or companies. If you would like to be removed from the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics’s mailing list, please e-mail us at contact@bcpp.org.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
We may collect personally identifiable information about you in ways other than through safecosmetics.org, including via the phone, direct mail, in person, or through other communication channels.  This Privacy Policy only governs the information we collect from you through safecosmetics.org.  Our use and sharing of information we collect from you through other means is subject to applicable laws.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time.  Such changes will be effective immediately upon our posting the revised Privacy Policy on safecosmetics.org.  Please review safecosmetics.org and this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications.  Your continued use of safecosmetics.org after such modifications are made will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by it.
Thank you for visiting safecosmetics.org and for supporting the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics’ work to make personal care products safe for people and the planet.
SHARE THIS