http://www.musictherapy.org/terms_and_conditions/
American Music Therapy Association
Home
Contact
News
Help/FAQ
Members Only Login
Social Networking
About Music Therapy
& AMTA
What is Music Therapy?
Definition and Quotes about Music Therapy
Frequently Asked Questions
Music Therapy with Specific Populations
Learning about Music Therapy
Personal Stories
History of Music Therapy
Music Therapy Around the World and on the Web
Music Therapy in the Media
Who are Music Therapists?
Find a Music Therapist
Scope of Music Therapy Practice
Professional Requirements for Music Therapists
AMTA Standards of Practice
AMTA Code of Ethics
AMTA Professional Competencies
What is AMTA?
What is the American Music Therapy Association
AMTA Regions and Student Organizations
AMTA Organizational Members
AMTA Annual Report
AMTA Committees
Disaster Response
AMTA Summarized Financial Information
AMTA Strategic Plan
AMTA Archives
Membership in AMTA
Join AMTA/Renew Membership
Benefits of Membership in AMTA
What People are Saying about AMTA
AMTA Membership Categories
Paying Membership in Installments
Welcome to the Profession Intern Packets
Membership Support Options
AMTA Organizational Members
Support Music Therapy
Artist Support of Music Therapy
Disaster Response
Grant & Donor Support
Advertising with AMTA
Sponsoring AMTA Events
Publish with AMTA
Donate
AMTA Organizational Members
Education
& Careers
A Career in Music Therapy
Schools Offering Music Therapy
Education and Clinical Training Information
Info for Becoming a Music Therapist
Info for Schools & Internship Sites
ETAB News
21st Century ED & CT Commission
National Roster Internship Sites
Welcome to the Profession Intern Packets
Find a Job in Music Therapy
Advertise a Job in Music Therapy
Scholarship Opportunities for AMTA Members
Continuing Music Therapy Education
Research
Music Therapy Journals & Publications
Selected Bibliographies
Researching Music Therapy
AMTA Research Committee
Strategic Priority on Research
Overview
Current Research Initiatives (MTR2025)
Research Priority Member Resources
Arthur Flagler Fultz Research Award from AMTA
Policy
& Advocacy
Advocacy Basics
Federal Advocacy
Federal Advocacy - for members
State Advocacy
State Advocacy - for members
AMTA Government Relations Team
Coalitions & Partnerships
Coalitions & Partnerships - for members
Advocacy Events
Advocacy Events - for members
Find My Legislators
Events
All Events
AMTA Annual Conference
Advocacy Events
Advocacy Events - for members
Special Events & Media
Music Therapy in the Media
AMTA National Initiative for Continuing Education
Bookstore
Purchase AMTA Products & Publications
Advertising in AMTA Publications
Sponsoring AMTA Events
Publish with AMTA
Join AMTA/Renew Membership
Donate
Visit the Bookstore
Member
Resources
Membership in AMTA
Join AMTA/Renew Membership
Benefits of Membership
What People are Saying about AMTA
AMTA Membership Categories
Paying Membership in Installments
Welcome to the Profession Intern Packets
Membership Support Options
AMTA Organizational Members
Job Center
Resumes and Writing
Interviews
Job Development
Reimbursement
Resources and Links
Job Hunting Realities
Networking
Job Hotline
Scholarships for AMTA Members
Scholarship Application Form
Scholarship Nomination Form
Official Documents
Scope of Music Therapy Practice
Code of Ethics
Standards of Practice
Professional Competencies
Standards for Education and Clinical Training
AMTA Bylaws
Non-Discrimination Policy
Anti-Harassment Policy
Judicial Review Board Procedures
Special Advisories
Standing Councils & Committees Handbook
Advanced Competencies
National Roster Internship Guidelines
AMTA Officials
News from AMTA Committees and Boards
Board of Directors
Academic Program Approval Committee
Interprofessional Collaborative Resources
Assembly of Delegates
Association Internship Approval Committee
Clinical Practice Networking Committee
Continuing Education Committee
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee
Education and Training Advisory Board
Ethics Board
Government Relations Committee
International Relations Committee
Membership Committee
Professional Advocacy Committee
Reimbursement Committee
Research Committee
Standards of Clinical Practice Committee
Student Affairs Advisory Board
Technology Committee
Workforce Development & Retention Committee
Member Toolkit
Reimbursement
Online Publications & Podcasts
Music Therapy Matters
AMTA-Pro Podcasts
Imagine - Early Childhood Magazine
Listservs and E-Newsletters
Workforce Analysis
AMTA Annual Report
AMTA Member Recognition Program
Awards
Nomination Guidelines
Continuing Music Therapy Education
Home>Terms and Conditions
Print
Email
Share
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the American Music Therapy Association (AMTA) website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern AMTA’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘AMTA’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website, the American Music Therapy Association located at 8455 Colesville Road, Suite 1000, Silver Spring, Maryland, 20910. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website does not use cookies to monitor browsing preferences. Depending on your preset Internet browser settings, files may be stored on your computer to remember history, password preferences and for quicker browsing. For our members who log into the member only area, this website temporarily stores and displays your name.
AMTA does not collect information that you do not willingly provide through your AMTA online member record. Only current members' primary address/contact information is displayed in the online directory.
You may opt-out from having your information shown online by checking the "Do Not Display Info Online" box in your AMTA online record. (See website Privacy statement for more information)
AMTA makes every effort to maintain current and reliable content on the website. However, neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by AMTA. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Copyright © 1998-2020.
American Music Therapy Association® and its logo are registered trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark office. Information, files, graphics, and other content on this site are the property of the American Music Therapy Association® and may not be used, reprinted or copied without the express written permission of the American Music Therapy Association.
The American Music Therapy Association® is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization and accepts contributions which support its mission. Contributions are tax deductible as allowed by law.
Site MapPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions Contact Us
8455 Colesville Road, Suite 1000,
Silver Spring MD 20910
Phone: 301.589.3300
Fax: 301.589.5175