https://www.havingbabies.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie PolicyHome
/
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
n this policy we use the term “cookies” to refer to cookies and other similar technologies covered by the EU Directive on privacy in electronic communications.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. The cookie allows the website to “remember” your actions or preferences over time.
Most Internet browsers support cookies; however, users can set their browsers to decline certain types of cookies or specific cookies. Further, users can delete cookies at any time.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies to learn how you interact with our content and to improve your experience when visiting our website(s). For example, some cookies remember your preferences so that you do not have to repeatedly make these choices when you visit the HRC Fertility website. Additionally, cookies allow us to serve you specific content, such as videos on our website(s). We may employ the learnings of your behavior on our website(s) to serve you with targeted advertisements on third-party website(s) in an effort to “re-market” our products and services to you.
What types of cookies do we use?
First-Party and Third-Party Cookies
We use both first-party and third-party cookies on our website.
First-party cookies are cookies issued from the HRC Fertility domain that are generally used to identify language and location preferences or render basic site functionality.
Third-party cookies belong to and are managed by other parties or websites. These cookies may be required to render certain forms, such as the submission of a form, or to allow for some advertising outside of the HRC Fertility website.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used to remember you during the course of your visit to the website, and they expire when you close the web browser.
Persistent Cookies
Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within the website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer. These cookies are used to analyse the users behavior to establish visit patterns so that we can improve our website functionality for you and others who visit our website. These cookies also allow us to serve you with targeted advertising and measure the effectiveness of our site functionality and advertising.
How are cookies used for advertising purposes?
Cookies and ad technology such as web beacons, pixels, and anonymous ad network tags help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively. They also help us collect aggregated audit data, research, and performance reporting for advertisers. Pixels enable us to understand and improve the delivery of ads to you, and know when certain ads have been shown to you. Since your web browser may request advertisements and web beacons directly from ad network servers, these networks can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
Although we do not use cookies to create a profile of your browsing behavior on third-party sites, we do use aggregate data from third parties to show you relevant, interest-based advertising. We do not provide any personal information that we collect to advertisers. You can opt out of off-site and third-party-informed advertising by adjusting your cookie settings. Opting out will not remove advertising from the pages you visit, but, instead, opting out will result in the ads you see not being matched to your interests. This implies that the ad(s) you see will not be matched to your interests by those specific cookies.
How are third party cookies used?
For some of the functions within our website we use third party suppliers, for example, when you visit a page with videos embedded from or links to YouTube. These videos or links (and any other content from third party suppliers) may contain third party cookies, and we encourage you to consult the privacy policies of these third party vendors on their websites for information regarding their use of cookies.
How do I reject and delete cookies?
You can choose to reject or block all or specific types of cookies set by virtue of your visit to a Shell website by clicking on the cookie preferences on our website(s). You can change your preferences for the HRC Rancho Cucamonga and/or the websites of any third party suppliers by changing your browser settings. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies. Therefore, if you do not wish cookies to be used, you may need to actively delete or block the cookies. If you reject the use of cookies, you will still be able to visit our websites but some of the functions may not work correctly. You may also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further information on cookies generally. By using our website without deleting or rejecting some or all cookies, you agree that we can place those cookies that you have not deleted or rejected on your device.
CookieOpt-Out Link/More details regarding specific privacy policy DescriptionBing https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-outThe Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking tag helps us understand how our Bing campaigns perform by tracking actions on Shell websites once ads have been clicked. DoubleClick Floodlight https://support.google.com/ds/answer/2839090?hl=enDoubleClick Floodlight cookies enable us to understand if you complete certain actions on our website(s) after you have seen or clicked through one of our display/ video advertisements served on Google or other platforms via DoubleClick. DoubleClick uses this cookie to understand the content with which you have engaged on our website(s) so they may subsequently deliver some targeted advertisements to you. Google Analytics https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutWe use Google Analytics to understand how our media campaigns work and how you interact with our website in order to improve the user experience. Google tracking cookies https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=enGoogle tracking cookies enable us to understand if you complete certain actions on our website(s) after you have seen or clicked through one of our adverts served via Google. Based on the content you have engaged with on our websites Google are able to deliver some targeted adverts across other Google partner websites. Facebookhttps://en-gb.facebook.com/help/568137493302217Facebook helps you stay in touch with your network through their website/ mobile application. We make it easier for you to share any content of interest on Facebook and sometimes, we may present with some targeted adverts on Facebook based on your engagement with our website(s). LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/65521/the-linkedin-insight-tag-overview?lang=enThe LinkedIn insight tag allows us to perform campaign reporting and unlock valuable insights about website visitors that may come via the campaigns we run on LinkedIn. Twitterhttps://support.twitter.com/articles/20170410Twitter provides real time updates from across the globe on the latest trending stories, ideas and opinions from the Twitter accounts or hashtags that you choose to follow. We make it easier for you to share our website content over Twitter. At times, we may present you with some ads on Twitter based on your engagement with our website(s). Yahoohttps://developer.yahoo.com/gemini/guide/dottags/managing-dot-tags/The Yahoo! Dot tag assists is in campaign tracking at attribution to help optimize performance. YouTubehttps://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GBWe embed videos or insert links to videos from YouTube on our website(s). As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from or linked to YouTube, you may be presented with cookies from YouTube.
Privacy Policy
New Patients Appointments:Call: 1.866.HRC.4IVF
Click: Online Request Form
General Inquiries
Billing Inquiries
Media Inquiries
Quick LinksBlog List
Promotional Offers
Physicians
Locations
Resource Links
How to Plan Your First Visit
Fertility 101Infertility Education
Fertility Drugs
How to Get Pregnant Fast
Infertility Work Up
Free Events
Male Infertility
LGBTQ Quick LinksLGBTQ Family Building
Third Party Parenting
Egg Donation
Surrogacy
Preimplantation Genetic Testing
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.