https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/fatigue
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Sleep
Home
Conditions and treatments
Sleep
Fatigue
Fatigue
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Sleep
Sleep - Sleep basics
Summary
Fatigue can be caused by a number of factors working in combination, such as medical conditions, unhealthy lifestyle choices, workplace problems and stress.
Fatigue is a known risk factor in motor vehicle and workplace accidents.
Always see your doctor for diagnosis if you are suffering from chronic tiredness.
Fatigue is a feeling of constant tiredness or weakness and can be physical, mental or a combination of both. It can affect anyone, and most adults will experience fatigue at some point in their life.
Each year, around 1.5 million Australians see their doctor about fatigue. Fatigue is a symptom, not a condition. For many people, fatigue is caused by a combination of lifestyle, social, psychological and general wellbeing issues rather than an underlying medical condition.
Although fatigue is sometimes described as tiredness, it is different to just feeling tired or sleepy. Everyone feels tired at some point, but this is usually resolved with a nap or a few nights of good sleep. Someone who is sleepy may also feel temporarily refreshed after exercising.
If you are getting enough sleep, good nutrition and exercising regularly but still find it hard to perform everyday activities, concentrate or be motivated at your normal levels, you may be experiencing fatigue that needs further investigation.
Symptoms of fatigue
Fatigue can cause a vast range of other physical, mental and emotional symptoms including:
chronic tiredness or sleepiness
headache
dizziness
sore or aching muscles
muscle weakness
slowed reflexes and responses
impaired decision-making and judgement
moodiness, such as irritability
impaired hand-to-eye coordination
appetite loss
reduced immune system function
blurry vision
short-term memory problems
poor concentration
hallucinations
reduced ability to pay attention to the situation at hand
low motivation.
Causes of fatigue
The wide range of causes that can trigger fatigue include:
Medical causes – unrelenting exhaustion may be a sign of an underlying illness, such as a thyroid disorder, heart disease or diabetes.
Lifestyle-related causes – alcohol or drugs or lack of regular exercise can lead to feelings of fatigue.
Workplace-related causes – workplace stress can lead to feelings of fatigue
Emotional concerns and stress – fatigue is a common symptom of mental health problems, such as depression and grief, and may be accompanied by other signs and symptoms, including irritability and lack of motivation.
Fatigue can also be caused by a number of factors working in combination.
Medical causes of fatigue
There are a number of diseases and disorders which trigger fatigue. If you experience prolonged bouts of fatigue, consult your doctor.
Lifestyle-related causes of fatigue
Common lifestyle factors that can cause fatigue include:
Lack of sleep – typically adults need about eight hours of sleep each night. Some people try to get by on fewer hours of sleep.
Too much sleep – adults sleeping more than 11 hours per night can lead to excessive daytime sleepiness.
Alcohol and drugs – alcohol is a depressant drug that slows the nervous system and disturbs normal sleep patterns. Other drugs, such as cigarettes and caffeine, stimulate the nervous system and can cause insomnia.
Sleep disturbances – disturbed sleep may occur for a number of reasons, for example, noisy neighbours, young children who wake in the night, a snoring partner, or an uncomfortable sleeping environment such as a stuffy bedroom.
Lack of regular exercise and sedentary behaviour – physical activity is known to improve fitness, health and wellbeing, reduce stress, and boost energy levels. It also helps you sleep.
Poor diet – low kilojoule diets, low carbohydrate diets or high energy foods that are nutritionally poor don’t provide the body with enough fuel or nutrients to function at its best. Quick fix foods, such as chocolate bars or caffeinated drinks, only offer a temporary energy boost that quickly wears off and worsens fatigue.
Individual factors – personal illness or injury, illnesses or injuries in the family, too many commitments (for example, working two jobs) or financial problems can cause fatigue.
Workplace-related causes of fatigue
Common workplace issues that can cause fatigue include:
Shift work – the human body is designed to sleep during the night. This pattern is set by a small part of the brain known as the circadian clock. A shift worker confuses their circadian clock by working when their body is programmed to be asleep.
Poor workplace practices – can add to a person’s level of fatigue. These may include long work hours, hard physical labour, irregular working hours (such as rotating shifts), a stressful work environment (such as excessive noise or temperature extremes), boredom, working alone with little or no interaction with others, or fixed concentration on a repetitive task.
Workplace stress – can be caused by a wide range of factors including job dissatisfaction, heavy workload, conflicts with bosses or colleagues, bullying, constant change, or threats to job security.
Burnout – can be described as striving too hard in one area of life while neglecting everything else. ‘Workaholics’, for example, put all their energies into their career, which puts their family life, social life and personal interests out of balance.
Unemployment – financial pressures, feelings of failure or guilt, and the emotional exhaustion of prolonged job hunting can lead to stress, anxiety, depression and fatigue.
Psychological causes of fatigue
Studies suggest that psychological factors are present in at least 50 per cent of fatigue cases. These may include:
Depression – this illness is characterised by severe and prolonged feelings of sadness, dejection and hopelessness. People who are depressed commonly experience chronic fatigue.
Anxiety and stress – a person who is chronically anxious or stressed keeps their body in overdrive. The constant flooding of adrenaline exhausts the body, and fatigue sets in.
Grief – losing a loved one causes a wide range of emotions including shock, guilt, depression, despair and loneliness.
Diagnosing fatigue
As fatigue can present a vast range of symptoms and be caused by many different factors working in combination, diagnosis can be difficult. Your doctor may diagnose fatigue using a number of tests including:
Medical history – recent events such as childbirth, medication, surgery or bereavement may contribute to fatigue.
Physical examination – to check for signs of illness or disease. Your doctor may also ask detailed questions about diet, lifestyle and life events.
Tests – such as blood tests, urine tests, x-rays and other investigations. The idea is to rule out any physical causes, for example anaemia, infection or hormonal problems.
Treating fatigue
Fatigue is a symptom –something you can feel and describe – not a condition or disease. To reduce your fatigue you first need to understand what the underlying reasons for your fatigue are.
If fatigue is having a negative effect on your quality of life, or causing you distress, then consider speaking with a health professional. By asking questions, they will help you work out why you are experiencing fatigue, and offer some suggestions on how to find relief.
If necessary, your doctor might suggest certain medical tests if there is a reasonable chance the cause of your fatigue may be an undiagnosed medical issue (for example, anaemia or thyroid dysfunction).
Fortunately, for most people fatigue will get better over time on its own or with some simple and practical lifestyle changes.
Where to get help
Your doctor
References
Wilson J, Morgan S, Magin P, et al. 2014, Fatigue – a rational approach to investigation, Australian Family Physician, vol. 43, no. 7, pp. 457-461, The Royal Australian College of General Practitioners. More information here.
What is fatigue? NPS Medicinewise. More information here.
Fatigue, 2013, MedlinePlus, US National Library of Medicine. More information here.
Fatigue, Mayo Clinic, USA. More information here.
Fatigue, WorkSafe Victoria. More information here.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Sleep
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Sleep basics
Children and sleep
Sleep related conditions
Managing sleep problems
Sleep basics
Mood and sleep
Getting enough sleep is vital. Long term sleep deficiency can affect your mood. You can improve your sleep quality...
Shiftwork
A person working the night shift is at greater risk of various disorders and accidents...
Sleep deprivation
A fatigued person is accident prone and more likely to make mistakes and bad decisions...
Sleep explained
Fatigue is thought to cause about one in six road accidents - make sure you get enough sleep...
Children and sleep
Dummies
Dummy sucking should stop before school age to avoid teeth or mouth problems...
Sleep and your baby
Sleeping habits are learned, so try to set up a bedtime routine for your baby as soon as you can...
Sleep - children and naps
A child needs a daytime nap until they are around two and a half to three years of age...
Sleep - children and nightmares
Your child may have only a few scary dreams a year, or be troubled by nightmares much more often...
Teenagers and sleep
Sleep research suggests that teenagers need between eight and 10 hours of sleep every night...
Sleep related conditions
Sleep - common disorders
Sleep disorders can prevent some people from getting enough sleep...
Sleep - narcolepsy
A person with narcolepsy is extremely sleepy all the time and may fall asleep several times a day...
Sleep - insomnia
Around one in three people regularly have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep...
Sleep - hypersomnia
Hypersomnia means excessive sleepiness - it can have a number of different causes...
Snoring
Snoring isn't harmful but may lead to long-term sleep deprivation...
Teeth grinding
Teeth grinding (bruxism) is involuntary clenching or grinding of the teeth, usually during sleep...
Restless legs syndrome (RLS)
Restless legs syndrome has been described as a type of cramp, soreness or a creeping, crawling feeling...
Sleep apnoea
A person with sleep apnoea may wake hundreds of times every night...
Jet lag
If you suffer badly from jet lag, it may be worthwhile considering a westerly travel route if possible...
Managing sleep problems
Sleep hygiene
You can retrain your body and mind so that you sleep well and wake feeling rested...
Fatigue fighting tips
Activity and nutrition help fight fatigue and put more energy into your daily life...
Mood and sleep
Getting enough sleep is vital. Long term sleep deficiency can affect your mood. You can improve your sleep quality...
Related Information
Sleep
Conditions, risks and management...
Sleep deprivation
A fatigued person is accident prone and more likely to make mistakes and bad decisions...
Fatigue fighting tips
Activity and nutrition help fight fatigue and put more energy into your daily life...
Sleep explained
Fatigue is thought to cause about one in six road accidents - make sure you get enough sleep...
Sleep - common disorders
Sleep disorders can prevent some people from getting enough sleep...
Home
Related information on other websites
NPS Medicinewise.
The Royal Australian College of General Practitioners.
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Bluearth Foundation
Last updated:
June 2015
Page content currently being reviewed.
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
Multilingual resoures on coping with cancer fatigue
Coping with cancer fatigue
Mindfulness
Some benefits of this relaxation technique include: improved focus and working memory; reduced stress, depression and anxiety; and improved immune function.
Mindfulness benefits and practice
Sleep
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Sleep basics
Children and sleep
Sleep related conditions
Managing sleep problems
Sleep basics
Mood and sleep
Getting enough sleep is vital. Long term sleep deficiency can affect your mood. You can improve your sleep quality...
Shiftwork
A person working the night shift is at greater risk of various disorders and accidents...
Sleep deprivation
A fatigued person is accident prone and more likely to make mistakes and bad decisions...
Sleep explained
Fatigue is thought to cause about one in six road accidents - make sure you get enough sleep...
Children and sleep
Dummies
Dummy sucking should stop before school age to avoid teeth or mouth problems...
Sleep and your baby
Sleeping habits are learned, so try to set up a bedtime routine for your baby as soon as you can...
Sleep - children and naps
A child needs a daytime nap until they are around two and a half to three years of age...
Sleep - children and nightmares
Your child may have only a few scary dreams a year, or be troubled by nightmares much more often...
Teenagers and sleep
Sleep research suggests that teenagers need between eight and 10 hours of sleep every night...
Sleep related conditions
Sleep - common disorders
Sleep disorders can prevent some people from getting enough sleep...
Sleep - narcolepsy
A person with narcolepsy is extremely sleepy all the time and may fall asleep several times a day...
Sleep - insomnia
Around one in three people regularly have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep...
Sleep - hypersomnia
Hypersomnia means excessive sleepiness - it can have a number of different causes...
Snoring
Snoring isn't harmful but may lead to long-term sleep deprivation...
Teeth grinding
Teeth grinding (bruxism) is involuntary clenching or grinding of the teeth, usually during sleep...
Restless legs syndrome (RLS)
Restless legs syndrome has been described as a type of cramp, soreness or a creeping, crawling feeling...
Sleep apnoea
A person with sleep apnoea may wake hundreds of times every night...
Jet lag
If you suffer badly from jet lag, it may be worthwhile considering a westerly travel route if possible...
Managing sleep problems
Sleep hygiene
You can retrain your body and mind so that you sleep well and wake feeling rested...
Fatigue fighting tips
Activity and nutrition help fight fatigue and put more energy into your daily life...
Mood and sleep
Getting enough sleep is vital. Long term sleep deficiency can affect your mood. You can improve your sleep quality...
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 30 Jun 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/fatigue
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top