https://www.oakhill-vets.com/privacy-notice
Careers
Register
Privacy
Feedback
Goosnargh: 01772 861300
|
Conway Drive: 01772 718774
Watling Street Road: 01772 700671
|
Kirkham: 01772 681992
Open MenuHome
Covid-19 Risk Assessments
Goosnargh – Small Animal
Goosnargh – Equine
Goosnargh – Farm
Kirkham
Conway Drive
Watling Street Road
Small Animal
Equine
Farm
Export
Events
Careers
Contact us
Home
Covid-19 Risk Assessments
Goosnargh – Small Animal
Goosnargh – Equine
Goosnargh – Farm
Kirkham
Conway Drive
Watling Street Road
Small Animal
Equine
Farm
Export
Events
Careers
Contact us
Privacy Notice
Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd Privacy Notice
16th August 2018
This privacy notice tells you how Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd will collect and process your personal data if you register as a client, purchase our services and products, and use our website.
About Us		Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd is an independent animal veterinary surgery in Goosnargh, Preston and Kirkham. We protect the health and well-being of your pets, offering a range of services that include: diagnosing and treating sick and injured animals, advising owners on pet care, and providing a range of care related products for purchase.
Who to contact regarding your personal data		We take your privacy seriously. Our Data Protection Manager looks after data protection and would be happy to answer any of your questions about this privacy notice and how Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd uses your data. They can be contacted directly at vets@oakhill-vets.com on 01772 861300 (Goosnargh branch).
The personal data we collect and process		There are four main ways we process the personal data you provide. We endeavour to keep this information accurate and up to date, and not keep it longer than is necessary.
To administer your account as a surgery client
In order to provide our service effectively and ensure the best possible care for your pet, we need to collect and process the following personal data when we register you as a client.
Personal data type
How the data is collected
First name, Last name
As part of registering to be a client
Address
As part of registering to be a client
Phone numbers
As part of registering to be a client
Email address
As part of registering to be a client
This personal data will be used for the following services and purposes:
To administer your account and provide the products and services you have requested from us. For example, invoicing, calling to change an appointment and to keep a record for legal and accounting purposes.
To inform you by email, post or SMS of service information about the practice. For example, notification of seasonal opening times or changes to out of hours availability.
If you have pet insurance and you wish to make a claim, we will pass on your pet’s clinical history with your name and address to your insurance company to allow them to process your claim.
If we take a blood sample from your pet, we send the sample to our supplier and provide your surname and address for identification purposes only.
If you decide to purchase any of our healthcare plans and pay by direct debit, you will also need to provide bank account details to set up and confirm your direct debit. We do not retain this information once your direct debit is confirmed.
To send you marketing communications as a surgery client
We send all our clients the following marketing communications:
Reminders for animal vaccinations and healthcare treatments.
News information on the practice, animal welfare, (such as disease awareness education), events, promotions and latest related product offers.
Clients find these communications useful in administering care to their pets and to keep up to date with what is going on at the surgery. They are only sent to existing clients who can opt-out at any time.
The personal data that we process for these communications is first name, surname, address, email address and mobile phone number.
We would like our clients to enjoy these communications, so it is important to note that you can opt-out at any time by:
Clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in any marketing communications email.
Replying with ‘STOP’ to any SMS marketing communications.
Calling our team at the surgery on 01772 861300 (Goosnargh branch)
Dropping into the surgery and speaking to a member of our team.
To share with veterinary related 3rd parties WITH your consent
There will be occasions where we will need to ask for your consent to share your personal data with a 3rd party:
If you would like your pet to be referred to a specialist veterinary surgeon, we will provide them with your pet’s clinical history with your name and address to enable them to confirm your referral appointment.
Should you wish to move to an alternative veterinary surgery, we will provide your pet’s clinical history with your name and address to your new vets before closing your account.
Should you wish to microchip your pet (cats and rabbits), we register your name, address and contact number with the microchip provider. Note that microchipping dogs and equines is a legal requirement and we share your personal data in this case under a legal obligation to do so.
Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd will not pass on your personal data to any third parties without your consent unless the law requires us to do so. We do not provide any personal data to the suppliers of the medicines we administer or the pet care products we sell.
When you use our www.oakhill-vets.com website
When someone visits www.oakhill-vets.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things like the number of visitors to the various parts of the website. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We use cookies, which are small text files that are placed on your computer when you visit. We do this to make our website work more efficiently and to promote our news, products and services on social media. Visit www.oakhill-vets.com/cookie-notice to manage your cookie settings and view more information on how we use them and why.
Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd uses a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of our website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses (a number assigned to each of your devices connected to the internet by your broadband provider) of visitors to the Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd website.
We provide contact forms on our website and collect users’ personal information to help us respond to your enquiry. Each form details the information required and an explanation of what the form is for. For general enquiries, once an enquiry has been dealt with, the data is deleted in line with Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd procedures.
Disclosure of personal data to our service providers		We may pass on your personal data to service providers contracted to Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd in the course of dealing with you. They act as a data processor on our behalf and are obliged under contract to keep your details secure, and only use them to fulfil the services they provide on our behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they dispose of it in line with Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd procedures.
How long do we process your data for?		Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes.
In order to comply with our professional liability insurance, we keep and securely store past clients records for at least seven years. This includes full name, address, email address and telephone number, but excludes bank account details.
We will only process your personal data whilst you are a client. After two years of inactivity we will attempt to contact the client to see if they wish to remain as a client. If there has been no response, after a further 1 year we will contact clients again. If there has been no activity for 3 years, and no response to our enquiries we will close the client’s account and archive the data. After a further 7 years, the data will then be anonymised, unless the client reactivates their account prior to this.
Your rights as a data subject
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
You can do that by visiting www.oakhill-vets.com/subject-access-request or by calling 01772 861300. If we do hold information about you we will:
give you a description of it;
tell you why we are holding it
tell you who it could have been disclosed to; and
let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
Please note that you will need to provide proof of identity – a current passport or driving licence.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined below.
Complaints		We take the processing of your personal data very seriously and are here to help with any concerns you may have. Please do contact the Data Protection Manager at vets@oakhill-vets.com or call 01772 861300.
If you are still not happy with how your personal data is being processed by Oakhill Veterinary Centre Ltd or how your complaint has been handled, you also have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Information Commissioners Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling 0303 123 1113.
©2020 Oakhill Veterinary Centre. All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By clicking accept, we'll assume you're ok with this, Accept Read More about cookies & our privacy noticeCookie & Privacy Notice
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled