https://www.stanstednews.com/privacy.html
Home
|
Jobs
|
Contact us
|
Log In
Services to publishers
Contract
publishing
Specialist
magazines
Online
publishing
Design services
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This privacy policy explains how any personal information collected when you use our web sites will be used by Stansted News Limited, the site owner. The policy is applicable to the following sites:
Stansted News Limited (www.stanstednews.com)
Airframer (www.airframer.com)
Business Air News (www.businessairnews.com)
Air Charter Expo (www.aircharterexpo.com)
Charter Broker (www.charterbroker.aero)
Infant (www.infantjournal.co.uk)
Information we collect
The web sites collect information from you directly from your input and automatically from your use. Personal information collected from your input may include your email and postal contact details, details of orders placed online and password for the site. Information gathered automatically may include your IP address and browsing history within the site.
How we use your information
Your information may be used to enable us to contact you by email, telephone or post for the following purposes: To respond to your enquiries; to offer you customised content; to provide customised news by email; to promote our products and services; to notify you about changes or special offers relating to our web sites and our product range; to allow you to provide updated information; and to comply with our legal obligations.
Sharing your information
Your information will not be shared with any third-party, except for those directly providing IT or postal mailing services to us.
Data security
We use a variety of physical and technical measures intended to safeguard personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that are stored on your computer when you visit our web sites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in any order or updating process. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but this will stop our web site from functioning properly.
Contact
For further information or requests regarding your personal information and privacy, please contact us by email.
Copyright of Stansted News Limited 2020.
Privacy policy.