http://www.slhduluth.com/social-media-policy/
Open Accessibility Menu
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Hide
CORONAVIRUS/COVID-19:
For more information, visitor policy and St. Luke's status update
CLICK HERE
Social Media Policy
The St. Luke's and Lake View Social Media Policies provide guidance to
anyone using St. Luke's or Lake View social media sites. Before posting
on any of our social media sites, all visitors are bound by the following policies.
Please read our Social Media Policies carefully.
Our policies are in compliance with state and federal regulations. If you
have any questions, please call us at 218.249.5555 or 800.321.3790.
Purpose:
The purpose of St. Luke's social media policy is to provide guidance to
anyone using St. Luke's social media sites. Before posting on any St.
Luke's social media site, all visitors are bound by the following policy.
Policy Statement:
St. Luke's welcomes you to share your comments, thoughts and experiences
on its social media sites.
We encourage visitors who post on any St. Luke's social media site to be
respectful, fair and courteous to others. We ask visitors to avoid making
comments which are offensive to others.
Please be aware that anything you post online is visible to others, years
into the future. As a result, we suggest you consider carefully before
disclosing any medical information or personal details.
We do not offer medical advice in response to any comment posted on a St.
Luke's social media site, and would encourage any visitors seeking medical
help to consult a health professional.
We make a reasonable effort to monitor visitor participation on the St.
Luke's social media sites and reserve the right to delete comments which
are abusive, defamatory, spam, use profanity or advertise commercial products.
Definition:
Visitors: All people accessing St. Luke's social media sites, including, but not
limited to, patients, employees, volunteers, patient family members, friends, vendors.
Social media site: Any form of website serving a function to communicate, post information
and content, interact with others. These include, but are not limited
to blogs, social networking sites, chat rooms and the official organizational
websites. Examples include Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, MySpace, Flickr,
Yammer, Second Life, slhduluth.com. The absence of, or lack of explicit
reference to, does not limit the application of this policy.
Procedure:
The opinions and comments posted on St. Luke's social media sites are those
of individual visitors to the sites and do not necessarily represent those
of St. Luke's hospitals, clinics, affiliates, or any of its employees
or directors.
Use of the St. Luke's social media sites does not create a physician-patient
relationship and should not be interpreted as such. Information posted
on any of our social media sites should not be considered medical advice,
and should not replace consultation with a qualified medical professional.
St. Luke's reserves the right to review, edit or delete any comments considered
to be abusive, personal/defamatory, spam, inaccurate, use profanity, concern
HR matters, advertise commercial products, involve solicitation, are off-topic,
violate the privacy of patients and their families, use "hate"
speech (for example, making comments that are offensive to another person's
race, gender, disability, religion or any other status protected by law).
Further, St. Luke's reserves the right to block access to its social media
sites by any visitor who violates this policy.
St. Luke's logos and trademarks may not be used without written consent.
Links to external sites from any St. Luke's social media site are provided
as a service to visitors, and do not represent endorsement of the sites
to which they link.
By submitting content to any St. Luke's social media site, you understand
and acknowledge that this content is visible to the public, and may be
used by St. Luke's both for internal and external purposes, including
promotional or marketing functions. You understand and acknowledge that
other visitors to social media sites may use any information posted by
you in ways beyond the control of St. Luke's. If you are not willing to
acknowledge this, please do not post on any St. Luke's social media site.
St. Luke's employees should, in addition to the guidelines above, refer
also to the Confidentiality Agreement, Service Excellence standards, Employee
Handbook, Code of Conduct, Human Resources Discipline Policy (D-2) and
Human Resources Solicitation Policy (S-2) available on the intranet.
Reference:
Confidentiality Agreement
Employee Handbook
Code of Conduct
Human Resources Policy D-2 (Discipline)
Human Resources Policy S-2 (Solicitation and Distribution of Literature)
Management Policy M-5 (Telephone Triage Calls)
Coordination:
Marketing Department
Key Involved Departments:
Marketing
Quality Management
Medical Records
Human Resources