http://www.southalabama.edu/privacy/
Home
Privacy Statement
Skip Left Navigation
Toggle navigationMenu
About USA Home
History of USA
USA: A Brief History
50th Anniversary 1963 - 2013
Freshman Class Profiles
Class of 2023
Class of 2022
Class of 2021
Class of 2020
Class of 2019
South Says
Social Media
Office of the President
Board of Trustees
Contact USA
University of South AlabamaMobile, AL 36688 Ph: (251) 460-6101
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement applies to the information collected by www.southalabama.edu (“the site”). Please read this statement carefully before using the site. By using
the site, you signify consent to these practices. If you do not agree, please do not
use the site.
The University uses its Web server log files to collect summary information about
visitors to its website, which may include request origin, geolocation, Web browser
and operating system, device type and user events.
The University subscribes to Google Analytics to collect anonymous traffic data. Google
Analytics uses cookies to help determine visitor click-through patterns. The information
collected is used to determine the most visited areas of the web site and to help
build higher quality web pages/sites.
The University uses browser cookies and pixel tracking technologies, such as Facebook
pixels and/or Google Adwords Remarketing, to record your visit to the site and may
supply ads about the University on other sites throughout the Internet. These third
party services may use cookies, web beacons and other similar methods to collect information,
provide analytics services and target ads.
You have the option to limit the information you share with the University of South
Alabama website by: blocking cookies in your browser; browsing the site in your browser’s
private mode; and/or managing your ad preference settings through Google and Facebook.
The University may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. Please check this
page for the latest changes.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Paws
Usaonline
JagMail
JagTran