http://www.msm.edu/Administration/MarketingandCommunications/privacypolicy.php
×
COVID-19 Advisory:
If you think you’ve been exposed to coronavirus (COVID-19), please call the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention at
1-800-232-4636
for further guidance.
Covid-19 Prevention & Symptom Checker
About MSM
About MSM
Contact Us
About MSM
Students
President & Dean
Pipeline Programs
Strategic Plan
Board of Trustees
Administration
Office of Disability Services
Compliance
Accreditation
Title IX
Alumni
Faculty Directory
Visiting MSM
Primarily Caring Magazine
MSM Moments
My MSM Idea
Operational Excellence
MSM Features
Community Engagement
Public Safety
Facilities & Affiliations
Sponsors
Annual Security & Fire Safety Report
MSM At A Glance
Contact Us
Contact Us
Admissions
Admissions
Applying to MSM
Admissions Home
Financial Aid
Office of the Registrar
Doctor of Medicine
Graduate Education in Public Health
Doctor of Philosophy in Biomedical Sciences
Dual Degree Programs
APEX Program
Online Education and Extended Programs
Master of Science in Biomedical Research
Master of Science in Biomedical Technology
Master of Science in Clinical Research
Master of Science in Medical Sciences
B.S./M.S. Program in Neuroscience
Master of Science in Neuroscience
MSMLegacy
Contact Us
Admissions Home
Education
Education
MSM Education
Education Home
Academic Departments
M.D. Program
Graduate Education in Biomedical Sciences Programs
M.P.H. Program (Public Health)
Residency and Fellowship Programs
Continuing Medical Education
Pipeline Programs
Office of Educational Affairs
Office of Educational Outcomes and Assessment
Office of Student Learning and Educational Resources
NHS STEM Pipeline Repository
Online Education and Extended Programs
Physician Assistant (PA) Program
Learning Communities
Admissions
Office of the Registrar
Faculty Affairs
Digital Learning
Mentoring Academy
Library
Links & Resources
Education Home
Research
Research
MSM Research
Research Home
Research Programs
Atlanta Clinical and Translational Science Institute
Cancer Care & Research Community
Cancer Health Equity Institute
Cardiovascular Research Institute
Center of Excellence on Health Disparities
Center for Laboratory Animal Resources
Clinical Research Center
Georgia AIDS Education & Training Center
Human Research Protection Program
Institutional Review Board
National Center for Primary Care
Neuroscience Institute
Office of Global Health Equity
Office of Translational Technologies
Prevention Research Center
Research Portal
Research Centers in Minority Institutions
Regulatory Committees
Satcher Health Leadership Institute
Sponsored Research
Transdisciplinary Collaborative Center
TxTM and Health Equity
Research Home
Patient Care
Patient Care
Morehouse Healthcare
Innovation Learning Laboratory for Population Health
Support MSM
Support MSM
Give to MSM
Support MSM
Give Today
Why Give to MSM?
Giving Options
Ways to Give
The Case to Give
Giving & Support Links
Faculty & Staff Giving
Alumni
Gloster Society
Contact Us
Give Today
News & Events
MSM News & Events
Featured Events
MSM News Center
MSM Calendar
Coronavirus Advisory
Health Currents
MSM on Facebook
MSM on Twitter
MSM on LinkedIn
MSM on YouTube
MSM Blog
Commencement
Convocation
External requests: contact Tony Collier, 404-752-5272
Home
Administration
Marketing and Communications
Privacy Policy
Administration
Academic Financial Services
Compliance
Consumer Information
Facilities
Finance & Operations
General Counsel
Government Relations
Human Resources
Information Technology
Institutional Advancement
Marketing and Communications
Office of the President
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
Public Safety
Toggle left nav
Privacy Policy
MSM is committed to protecting your online privacy. The only information MSM obtains
about individual visitors to this web site is information supplied voluntarily by
the visitor. This policy outlines the practices of MSM regarding the collection and
use of your personal information from your visit to our web site.
Personally Provided Information
In general, you can visit official MSM web sites without revealing any personal information.
If you choose to provide us with any personal information by sending an email or by
filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through a MSM
web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide
you with information or material that you request. We do not give, share, sell or
transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Email Communications
Email communication that you send to us via the email links on our sites may be shared
with a customer service representative, employee, or medical expert that is most able
to address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once
communications are received.
Collection of Technical Information
MSM uses IP addresses (the Internet address of your computer) to help diagnose problems
with our servers and to administer our site. For instance, we run statistical software
to identify those parts of our site that are more heavily used and which portion of
our audience comes from within the MSM network. But, we do not link IP addresses to
anything personally identifiable.
Like many other web sites, portions of MSM’s web site might use cookies. This is typically
done to recognize you and your access privileges on the MSM web site. For instance,
using cookies prevents the user from needing to constantly reenter a password on every
site of MSM. These cookies get stored on your computer and never contain personal
data, and cannot be accessed remotely by anybody other than MSM.
While aggregate statistical reports may be generated based on site usage, no personally
identifiable information will ever be disseminated to any unaffiliated third party.
Security
While no computing environment can be 100% secure, it is MSM’s goal to maintain as
secure a technical environment as feasible given the current state of capabilities
and technologies. MSM will comply with all state and federal statutes requiring additional
safeguards for certain types of information, such as student personal information
and patient protected health information.
Links to Other Sites
Please note that some pages within MSM web site, for the convenience of users, are
linked to web sites not managed by the School. MSM does not review, control or take
responsibility for the content of these web sites. Once you link to another site,
you are subject to the privacy policy of the new web site.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy at any time by posting
revisions on the MSM web site. By accessing or using the MSM web site, you agree to
be bound by all the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy as posted on the MSM
web site at the time of your access or use. If you do not agree to the terms of this
Privacy Policy or any revised statement, please exit the site immediately.
Complaint Process
If you have a complaint or problem, or if you believe your privacy rights have been
violated, you may email us at webmaster.@msm.edu. Please indicate the reason for contacting us. Our Marketing and Communications department
will forward your complaint to the appropriate MSM entity for response or resolution.
Disclaimer
No data protection method or combination of methods can be guaranteed as completely
secure. MSM is not responsible for and will not be held liable for disclosures of
your personal information due to errors in transmissions or unauthorized acts of third
parties. MSM cannot guarantee the privacy of your confidential information transmitted
to its web site should you choose not to use the appropriate secure on-line forms
provided in the relevant pages of the web site. By using this web site you agree to
the terms and conditions outlined in this Privacy Policy statement.
Copyright ©Morehouse School of Medicine 2014. All rights reserved.
©