http://www.integrativenutrition.com/lp/privacypolicy
Integrative Nutrition LLC ("IIN") Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Intellectual Property
1. GENERAL CONDITIONS
a. Acceptance of Terms. By accessing IIN’s family of websites, including www.integrativenutrition.com and other IIN owned websites, including but not limited to www.shareiin.com, www.launchyourdreambook.com, www.coachingmastery.com, www.emotionaleatingpsychology.com, www.hormonehealthcourse.com, www.integrativenutritionrecipes.com, www.iinadvancedcourses.com, learn.integrativenutrition.com, iin.edlumina.com, and wellnesstoday.com. (collectively, "the Site(s)"), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein ("Terms of Use") and any subsequent changes, as it may be updated from time to time. Except as specifically stated otherwise, these Terms of Use set forth the entire understanding relating to this subject matter.
b. Severability. If any provision of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any law, rule, order, or regulation of any government or by the final determination of any state or federal court, all remaining provisions hereof will remain in full force and effect.
c. Choice of Law. By accessing the Site you agree that the statutes, laws, and regulations of the United States and the State of New York, USA, without regard to conflicts of law principles, will apply to all matters relating to use of the Site, and you agree that any litigation shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State or Federal Courts in New York County, New York.
d. Foreign Access. The Site is controlled and operated in whole or in part by IIN in the United States. IIN makes no representation that the content in the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to it from territories where the content may be illegal is prohibited.
e. Termination of Access. IIN reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse or terminate access to the Site by you at any time.
2. PRIVACY POLICY
a. Data Collection.
i.  Voluntary Data Collection.  IIN collects information that you provide to us under various circumstances, including when you complete a form, enroll in a course, join a Facebook group, enter a promotion, enroll in the Ambassador Network, or otherwise communicate with IIN.  That information may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, gender, age, payment information, and any other information you provide or display in that circumstance.
ii. Automatic Data Collection.  IIN also collects information when you visit any of our Sites or learning platforms.  That information may include information about your device, IP address and general physical location derived from it, nature of phone service, referring URL’s,, operating system, browser type,  link clicks and page visits, interactions with video players, tools, and widgets.
iii. Use of Data.  IIN uses information about you for various legitimate interests, including: helping IIN to detect and prevent fraud; improve network security; provide, maintain and improve the Sites and learning platforms; process transactions; personally communicate with you; improve your user and learning experience; improve our advertising and marketing efforts; facilitate promotions; to contact users about programs or courses for which they have expressed interest; to distinguish adults from minors; and for other legitimate interests.  Information about you will be maintained only as long as necessary to serve IIN’s legitimate interests.  If, at any time, you want to update or correct your information or would like us to restrict or discontinue using your information, you can contact us at the address provided below.  Note that, in some cases, a request to restrict or discontinue the use of your information may prevent you from continuing to enjoy certain products or services.
iv. Disclosure of Data.  From time to time, IIN may also share some of your information with our business partners to operate and improve the Sites and learning platforms, to process payments, transmit emails, conduct promotions, host and protect data, manage ads, offer technical and customer support, and for other legitimate interests.  For example, if you opt-in to receive IIN marketing materials or other promotional items, IIN may provide your information to third parties entrusted with fulfilling those requests.  You may opt out of receiving those and other emails from IIN at any time through the unsubscribe or manage preference link included in such emails.
IIN also discloses information when required to do so by law, or when IIN in good faith believes such action is necessary to protect the property or rights of IIN, third parties or the public at large.
b. Use of "Cookies."
1st Party Cookies
A “cookie” is a small text file placed on a user’s computer used to store information about the user. IIN may use cookies to track the pages that users to the Site visit during their online session, for marketing and advertising purposes, to help IIN improve users’ experiences, and/or to help IIN understand how the Site is being used.
Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should disable cookies through their web browser settings, with the understanding that disabling cookies may diminish a user’s experience on the Site and that certain features of the Site may not function properly without the aid of cookies.  Cookies are not harmful and cannot introduce viruses or extract PII.
3rd Party Cookies
IIN may allow third party companies to set and access their own cookies. Such “third party cookies” are used to collect data about the Site’s traffic, for statistical analysis about the advertisements on the Site and to further customize and enhance a user’s experience on the Site. Third party cookies may also be used for traffic and conversion analysis and/or remarketing purposes, which may include, inter alia, promoting display ads based upon users’ past behavior, showing IIN ads across the Internet and providing reporting on users’ interactions with our ad services.   IIN does not control third party cookies and third party cookies are not governed by this Privacy Policy, but rather are governed by the privacy policy of the third party companies.
Users may choose to opt out of or disable third party cookies. Advertisers may allow users to opt out of ads by visiting their websites and customizing the user’s ad settings.
c. Assignment of Rights.  In the event of an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer of some or all of IIN’s assets, you agree IIN may assign, sell, license or transfer any information that you have provided to us.
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the Sites or learning platforms may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. IIN monitors the use of its intellectual property may seek legal action against any infringing parties.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notice
IIN respects the rights of other copyright holders. If you believe your copyright is being infringed, IIN will respond to notices of alleged infringement submitted in accordance with 17 USC §512(c)(3).
Notice may be sent by email to: intellectualproperty@integrativenutrition.com or by physical mail at:
Integrative Nutrition Attn: Legal Dept. - DMCA Takedown 245 Fifth Avenue Floor 8 New York, NY 10016 intellectualproperty@integrativenutrition.com (877) 730-5444
4. SECURITY
IIN employs reasonable technical and organizational safeguards to protect your information, including  encrypted and certified web sockets, multiple layers of security and passwords for live and development environments, obfuscation or deletion of data when transported from live sites to development sites, best practices for user management and security policy, constant updates via patches for known security flaws.  Highly sensitive fields such as SSN, EIN, Credit Card and bank information are stored as encrypted and/or obfuscated strings, and are not wholly available via data connections over API, even via authenticated API.
When users submit sensitive information via the Sites, all information is protected both online and off-line. However, due to the nature of the Internet, IIN cannot completely ensure, guaranty, or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or through our Sites or learning platforms. Submitting information is done at your own risk.
5. THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Sites may contain links to third-party websites that are not controlled by IIN. If you choose to visit such websites, IIN is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those websites, and it is your responsibility to review the terms and privacy policies of those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
6. DISCLAIMER
a. No Warranties. Information on the Sites and learning platforms  is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
b. No Liability. In no event will IIN be liable for damages of any kind relating to use of the Sites and learning platforms, including without limitation any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, even if IIN has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
c. Accuracy. Although every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of published information on IIN’s Sites, they may inadvertently contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. This information may be changed or updated without notice. IIN assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on the Sites or in documents referenced by or linked to the Site.
7. MODIFICATIONS
IIN reserves the right to change the Sites, these Terms of Use, and any other policies or conditions. Please review this page periodically for any updates or changes. These Terms apply to all visits to the Sites, both now and in the future. Your continued access of the Sites shall be deemed your notification and acceptance of these changes.
Questions regarding these Terms of Use should be directed to support@integrativenutrition.com
Toggle navigation
Institute for Integrative Nutrition
Apply Now
CurriculumCurriculum Overview Online Nutrition ClassesSample ClassContinuing EducationAdvanced CoursesEducational PartnershipsSpecialty CoursesHealth CoachingWhat is a Health Coach?Why Become a Health Coach?IIN Health Coach CertificateIINBiz Marketing PlatformCommunityIIN BlogWebinarsSuperstar GraduatesAbout IINWho We ArePressReviewsFAQsContact Us
Call NowOur team is here to answer all of your questions.Get the GuideCheck out our curriculum guide.