http://www.gamblersanonymous.org.uk/terms
Home
Login
Register
About
History
Unity Programme
Recovery Programme
Gam-Anon
Safeguarding
Meetings
Meeting Types
Find a Meeting
Open Meetings
FAQs
20 Questions
Compulsive Gambling
Chat Room
Forum
Literature
Events
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Home
About
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions for using this site and the Forum and Chat Room
Gamblers Anonymous England, Wales & Ulster (“GA”)
Privacy Policy Under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”)
Last updated October 2020
1. Information We Collect
A. Information You Provide
I.
Account
Registration. When you register for an account we may ask for your contact
information, including your name, email address and IP address.
II.
Communications.
If you contact us directly we may receive information about you, such as your
name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or
attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to
provide. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
The personal
information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to
provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide it.
B.
Information
We Collect When You Use Our Website.
I.
Cookies
and Other Tracking Technologies. As occurs through most websites, we gather
certain information automatically and store it in log files. In addition, when
you use our website, we may collect certain information automatically from your
device. This information may include your internet protocol (IP) address,
browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating
system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, landing page and referring URL. To
collect this information a cookie may be set on your computer or device when
you visit our website. Cookies contain a small amount of information that
allows our web servers to recognise you. We store information that we collect
through cookies and log files to record your preferences. We may also
automatically collect information about your use of features of our website,
about the functionality of our website, frequency of visits, and other
information related to your interactions with our website.
II.
Usage
of our Website. When you use our website we may collect information about your
engagement with, and utilisation of, our website, such as processor and memory
usage, storage capacity, navigation of our website, and system-level metrics.
We use this data to operate our website, maintain and improve the performance
and utilisation of our website, develop new features, protect the security and
safety of our website and our users, and provide user support. We also use this
data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to
operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our
fellowship.
2. How We Use Information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
To provide,operate and maintain our website;
To improve, personalise and expand our website;
To understand and analyse how you use our website;
To develop new products, services, features and functionality;
To communicate with you directly to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations, or as requested
by any judicial process or governmental agency.
3. How We Share Information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
A. Analytics. We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses
cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional
privacy options regarding its analytics cookies at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
B. As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures. We may also share information to:
I. Satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request;
II. Enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of
potential violations hereof;
III. Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
IV. Respond to your requests; or
V. Protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and spam/malware
prevention.
C. With Your Consent. We may share information with your consent.
4. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend
on the information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your
consent to do so.
4. Security
GA is committed to
protecting your information. To do so, we employ a variety of security
technologies and measures designed to protect information from unauthorised access,
use or disclosure. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of
security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
However, please bear in mind that the internet is not entirely secure.
6. Data Retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate need
to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested).
When we have no ongoing need to process your personal information, we will delete it.
7. Access
If you are a registered user you may access certain information associated with your account
by emailing privacy@gamblersanonymous.org.uk.
To protect your
privacy and security we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity
before updating or removing your information. The information you provide to us
may be archived or stored periodically by us according to backup processes
conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes.
8. Your Data Protection Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your
personal information, you can do so at any time: seeContact Us.
In
addition, you can object to the processing of your personal
information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal
information, or request portability of your personal information: seeContact Us.
Even if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent,
you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent
will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your
withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information
conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection
and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data
protection authority: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data
protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9. Your Choices
You can use some of the features of our website without registering, thereby limiting the
type of information that we collect.
Many browsers have
an option for disabling cookies to prevent your browser from accepting new
cookies or to enable selective use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose
not to accept cookies some features and the personalisation of our website may
no longer work for you.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy
may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to
this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website. If we materially change the
ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you
through our website, we will notify you through our website, by email or other form
of communication.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy please feel free to email us
at privacy@gamblersanonymous.org.uk
Or write to:
Address: Gamblers Anonymous/Privacy
The Wellness Centre,
45 Montrose Avenue,
Doncaster,
South Yorkshire,
DN2 6PL
The data controller of your personal information is Gamblers Anonymous England, Wales and
Ulster.
Download this page
This page is also available as a PDF. Please click to download.
Download
To fully use this website, forum and chatroom please read our terms and conditions and allow cookies
Allow cookies