http://www.actoronto.org/terms-of-use
Skip to content
(opens in new tab)
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Facebook page
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Instagram page
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Twitter page
(opens in new tab)
Share
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
These terms of service ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between ACT - AIDS Committee of Toronto ("Website operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the actoronto.org website.
About ACT menu
Contact Us
Our Organization
Vision, Mission & Core Commitments
History
Board of Directors
Annual Reports & Financials
Position Statements
Work at ACT
Employment
Volunteer
Internships
Provincial Strategies
Gay Men’s Sexual Health Alliance
Women and HIV/AIDS Initiative (WHAI)
Privacy Policy
Support ACT
Adult Content
Please be aware that there may be certain adult or mature content available on this Website. Where there is mature or adult content, individuals who are less than 18 years of age or are not permitted to access such content under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction may not access such content.
Links to Other Websites
Although this Website may be linked to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of any organizations or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services and content of any other third parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other websites is at your own risk.
Intellectual Property Rights
This Agreement does not transfer from the Website operator to you any Website operator or third party intellectual property, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Website operator. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Website operator or Website operator licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of our Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Website operator or third-party trademarks.
Changes and Amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Website at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at ask@actoronto.org
This document was last updated on March 16, 2017