http://www.pnri.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicySeptember 14, 2018
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.pnri.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
There are two forms on the website that collect a visitor’s information only if the visitor completes and submits the form. The Contact page and “Sign up for our newsletter” form that appears at the bottom of most of the pages in the website collect information that is used to respond to questions, request a quote or add the visitor’s email address to our mailing or contact lists. We do not sell or share the information that visitors submit with third parties for marketing purposes but may share it with staff or individuals or companies who assist in sending out our email newsletters or electronic communications.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Aggregated visitor data is collected by Google for website traffic analysis; this data may also be used for re-marketing purposes. See Google’s privacy policy for details on the data that they collect and how they keep it safe.
Who we share your data with
We may share visitor data with consulting individuals and companies if they assist with marketing and communication or social media content development. All consulting entities are required to keep all visitor data confidential. We do not otherwise sell or share visitor data with third parties.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
Our Email Policy
Our affiliates and we fully comply with national laws regarding SPAM. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from us and/or our affiliates. We agree that we will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission.
Privacy Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of Pacific Northwest Research Institute, our Users, employees, and affiliates.
PNRI is supported by
Support our innovative genetic research. Become a donor today.
Start Today
Pacific Northwest Research InstituteResearch
– Explore the Labs– Education– Tour the Labs Back
InsightsSupport UsAbout PNRI
– Events
— An Evening of Wine— Tour the Labs Back
– Annual Report– Careers– Contact Us Back