http://www.candlelightersaz.org/policies/
Donate
Home
About
History and Mission
Board Members & Staff
Programs & Services
Youth and Sibling Support Program
Financial Assistance
Parent Support Program
Events
How to Help
Volunteer
Wish List
Donate
Resources
Media & Gallery
Contact
Policies
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Typically this simply includes instances where you voluntarily provide your information through various contact forms or request forms throughout the site.
We do not share or sell your data with 3rd party providers, except in the instance of managing email lists.
Users may opt in and out of these at any time.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Legal Compliance and Security
If by law, as a result of a legal process, litigation, or from a governmental authority, we are required to disclose personal information, it would only be on good faith that such compliance is absolutely necessary. We would continue to enforce our terms and conditions, as well as our privacy policy.
Third-Party Websites
Our products and services may contain links that bring you to third-websites (for example: YouTube, Vimeo, LeadPages, WebinarJam, GoToMeeting, etc.). We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third-party companies or their products.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Website sponsored by Angel Charity for Children, Inc.
Our Organization
Home
Our History
Our Board
Contact Us
Event Calendar
Resources
Programs
Media
Stay Connected
Donate Today
Newsletter Signup
© 2020 Candlelighters Childhood Cancer Organization of Southern Arizona. All rights reserved | Policies