http://www.glaucomaclinic.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Gulf Coast Glaucoma Clinic
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY AND ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT.
Effective Date:
This Notice is effective September 18, 2013
You have the right to receive a paper copy of this or any revised Notice and/or an electronic copy by email upon request to the Privacy Officer.
If you have any questions about this Notice, please contact the Gulf Coast Glaucoma Clinic Privacy Officer.
How to Complain About Our Privacy Practices.
If you believe that we may have violated your privacy rights, or you disagree with a decision we make about access to your PHI, you may file a complaint with the Privacy Officer listed below. You may also file a written complaint with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services at 200 Independence Avenue, SW, Washington D.C. 20201 or call 1-877-696-6775. There will be no retaliation for filing a complaint.
Contact: Lawrence M. Hurvitz, MD, Privacy Officer
If you have questions about this Notice or any complaints about our privacy practices, please contact:
Lawrence M. Hurvitz, MD
Bldg F, Suite B
3920 Bee Ridge Road
Sarasota, FL 34233
The Gulf Coast Glaucoma Clinic (the Clinic) is required by law to maintain the privacy of protected health information (PHI) and to provide individuals with notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to PHI. We reserve the right to change our privacy practices and the terms of this Notice at any time. This Notice describes how the Clinic has extended certain protections to your PHI and how, when, and why we may use and disclosure your PHI. With certain exceptions, the Clinic will use or disclose your PHI in the minimum necessary manner to accomplish the intended purpose of the use or disclosure. The Clinic will share PHI as is necessary to provide quality health care and receive reimbursement for those services as permitted by law. The terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices are effective April 14, 2003.
You may view this Notice or any new notices on our website at www.glaucomaclinic.com.
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Our practice is dedicated to protecting your medical information. We are required by law to maintain the privacy of protected health information and to provide you with this Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to protected health information. Our practice is required by law to abide by the terms of this Notice.
This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment, payment or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law. It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information. “Protected Health Information” is information about you, including demographic information, that may identify you and that relates to your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services.
Our office is required to abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices. We may change the terms of our notice, at any time. The new notice will be effective for all protected health information that we maintain at that time. Upon your request, we will provide you with any revised Notice of Privacy Practices. To request a revised notice you may call the office and request that a revised copy be sent to you in the mail or asking for one at the time of your next appointment.
How We May Use and Disclose your Medical Information.
We will use your medical information as part of rendering patient care. For example, your medical information may be used by the doctor or nurse treating you, by the business office to process your payment for the services rendered and in order to support the business activities of the practice, including, but not limited to, use by administrative personnel reviewing the quality of the care you receive, employee review activities, training of medical students, licensing, contacting or arranging for other business activities.
We may also use and/or disclose your information in accordance with federal and state laws for the following purposes:
Appointment Reminders.
We may contact you to provide appointment reminders.
Treatment Information.
We may contact you with information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.
Disclosure to Department of Health and Human Services.
We may disclose medical information when required by the United States Department of Health and Human Services as part of an investigation or determination of our compliance with relevant laws.
Family and Friends.
Unless you object, we may disclose your medical information to family members, other relatives or close personal friends when the medical information is directly relevant to that person’s involvement with your care.
Notification.
Unless you object, we may use or disclose your medical information to notify a family member, a personal representative or another person responsible for your care of your location, general condition or death.
Disaster Relief.
We may disclose your medical information to a public or private entity, such as the American Red Cross, for the purpose of coordinating with that entity to assist in disaster relief efforts.
Health Oversight Activities.
We may use or disclose your medical information for public health activities, including the reporting of disease, injury, vital events and the conduct of public health surveillance, investigation and/or intervention. We may disclose your medical information to a health oversight agency for oversight activities authorized by law, including audits, investigations, inspections, licensure or disciplinary actions, administrative and/or legal proceedings.
Abuse or Neglect.
We may disclose your medical information when it concerns abuse, neglect or violence to you in accordance with federal and state law.
Legal Proceedings.
We may disclose your medical information in the course of certain judicial or administrative proceedings.
Law Enforcement.
We may disclose your medical information for law enforcement purposes or other specialized governmental functions.
Coroners, Medical Examiners and Funeral Directors.
We may disclose your medical information to a coroner, medical examiner or a funeral director.
Organ Donation.
If you are an organ donor, we may disclose your medical information to an organ donation and procurement organization.
Research.
We may use or disclose your medical information for certain research purposes if an Institutional Review Board or a privacy board has altered or waived individual authorization, the review is preparatory to research or the research is on only decedent’s information.
Public Safety.
We may use or disclose your medical information to prevent or lessen a serious threat to the health or safety of another person or to the public.
Workers= Compensation.
We may disclose your medical information as authorized by laws relating to workers’ compensation or similar programs.
Business Associates.
We may disclose your health information to a business associate with whom we contract to provide services on our behalf. To protect your health information, we require our business associates to appropriately safeguard the health information of our patients.
Authorizations.
We will not use or disclose your medical information for any other purpose without your written authorization. Once given, you may revoke your authorization in writing at any time. To request a Revocation of Authorization form, you may contact our Privacy Officer at the address and phone number on the back of this brochure.
Your Rights Regarding Your Medical Information
You have the following rights with respect to your medical information:
You may ask us to restrict certain uses and disclosures of your medical information. We are not required to agree to your request, but if we do, we will honor it.
You have the right to receive communications from us in a confidential manner.
Generally, you may inspect and copy your medical information. This right is subject to certain specific exceptions, and you may be charged a reasonable fee for any copies of your records.
You may ask us to amend your medical information. We may deny your request for certain specific reasons. If we deny your request, we will provide you with a written explanation for the denial and information regarding further rights you may have at that point.
You have the right to receive an accounting of the disclosures of your medical information made by our practice during the last six (6) years (or following April 14, 2003), except for disclosures for treatment, payment or healthcare operations, disclosures which you authorized and certain other specific disclosure types.
You may request a paper copy of this Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information.
You have the right to complain to us and/or to the United States Department of Health and Human Services if you believe that we have violated your privacy rights. If you choose to file a complaint, you will not be retaliated against in any way. To complain to us, please contact our Privacy Officer at the address and phone number on the back of this brochure.
If you would like further information regarding your rights or regarding the uses and disclosures of your medical information, you may contact our Privacy Officer at the address and phone number on the back of this brochure.
Revision Of Notice Of Privacy Practices
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Notice, making any revision applicable to all the protected health information we maintain. If we revise the terms of this Notice, we will post a revised notice at our office and will make paper copies of the revised Notice of Privacy Practices available upon request.
Glaucoma Links
Blebitis
Exam Intervals and Testing
Glaucoma 101
Gonioscopy
Medications for Glaucoma
Additional Links
Blog
Contact Us
Meet Our Staff
New Patient Center
Privacy Policy
Reviews
Services Provided
Cataract Surgery for the Glaucoma Patient
Cataract without Glaucoma
Complete Eye Care for Everyone
Glaucoma Evaluation
Glaucoma Laser Surgery
Glaucoma Surgery
Office Locations
Bradenton
Sarasota
Venice