http://www.comfortkeepers.com/privacy-policy
close
Search:
close
About Us
Care Services
Info Center
Referrals
Careers
Franchise Info
Search
Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in the Comfort Keepers® system and services.
home
Privacy Policy
Comfort Keepers Corporate
1 Park Plaza Suite 300,
Irvine CA 92614
Toll-Free (866) 959-2969
test
Comfort Keeper's Privacy Policy
Just as we at CK Franchising, Inc. ("CKFI") and our Comfort Keepers
franchisees value the trust our clients place in us with their families,
we want you to know that you can trust that we will guard the privacy of
information you provide to CKFI through this website. To do that, you need
to understand what information CKFI collects when you visit our website
and what we do with that information.
In some portions of our website, you may provide us with different
types of personal information ("Personal Information"). This Personal
Information includes contact information that identifies you (name, address,
phone number, e-mail address), financial and personal information that
you may supply on the franchise application, and information about
your employment history that you may provide on our "Employment" page.
We use this Personal Information only for the purpose that you gave it
to us; we will never contact you by e-mail to ask you to confirm or
give Personal Information (as some scammers do).
We will share Personal Information with a franchise owner who needs to
have it (for example, in connection with hiring you or to contact you
about providing services to you) and with an outside firm that does
data entry. Our franchise owners and the outside firm are bound by
confidentiality agreements to protect this Personal Information. We
will share Personal Information when we believe in good faith that the
law requires it or that it is necessary to protect our legal rights.
Otherwise, we do not share Personal Information.
We collect "cookies" (information that identifies your computer) only
for two very limited purposes: to make it easier for you to log on to
our website in the future and, if you are a franchise owner, to make it
easier for you to log on to the related franchise owner intranet; we
do not use data mining cookies. However, to improve our website, we do
collect information on site activity (such as domains, how often
specific pages in our website are visited, and which browsers and
operating system website visitors use). We do not track website activity
by individual users.
We want you to know, too, that, while we do not specifically collect
information about children or market our services to children, we do comply
with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other
applicable law.
We strive to make sure that all information presented on our website
is accurate and up-to-date, but we do not warrant the information. And
while we have tried to make the website as attractive and functional
as possible, use of the website and its contents are at your own risk.
We do not warrant that the website's functions will be error-free or
that the website will be free of viruses or other harmful programs. For
your convenience, we may provide links to third parties' web sites but
we are not responsible for the content or functionality of those
websites or the privacy policies of those third parties. Our privacy
policy no longer applies when you link to a different website.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time; please check it
periodically. If you have any questions about CKFI's Privacy Policy
and practices, please contact:
CK Franchising, Inc.
1 Park Plaza, Suite 300
Irvine, CA 92614
We are honored, for 2 years in a row, we have rated higher for customer service than any other
home care provider in
Newsweek’s America’s Best Customer Service survey.
This is what elevating the human spirit looks like, and we are proud to
live our mission every day.