http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/tinnitus/relief
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
15
www.HealthyHearing.com
adults lying on floor of gym relaxing after fitness class
For many people who experience tinnitus, a buzzing, hissing or ringing sound in the ears is something they experience all the time. This constant soundtrack is impossible to escape and it can make everyday activities and daily life more difficult.
How to get relief from tinnitus
Exercise and relaxation can help you
manage your body's stress response to
tinnitus.
Sometimes tinnitus can be resolved through treatment of the underlying cause, but often no direct reason can be found. If you're wondering how to get relief from tinnitus, the following recommendations can help.
Learn to tune tinnitus out
If you have frequent tinnitus, habituating is an important skill to learn. Some tinnitus sufferers say that learning to habituate tinnitus, or ignore it, is one of the best ways to find relief.
How you learn to habituate can vary, but it's all about breaking the stress cycle that occurs when you experience a flare-up in tinnitus.
Here's more information on how to tune out the ringing in your ears.
Relaxation and meditation for tinnitus
Relaxation is important in two ways: First, it helps ward off tinnitus. For many people, stress is a trigger for their tinnitus, so learning some relaxation techniques can help prevent it before it starts. And when you do experience tinnitus, calming your body—and mind—is a vital tool to help keep it from affecting your entire life.
In some cases, all you need to do is briefly refocus your attention on something else to find relief from your tinnitus, which can often be achieved by regularly practicing meditation techniques. These techniques below are best learned when your tinnitus isn't active, but they're still worth trying even if you're in the middle of a tinnitus spike.
Autogenic relaxation
Think of a phrase or saying that relaxes your mind and helps you to imagine a peaceful place, and simply repeat it in your head. While doing this, try to sit in a comfortable position and slowly breathe in and out.
Visualization
Similar to autogenic relaxation, visualization helps to calm your body by thinking of a place that makes you feel at ease. For example, if you are thinking of a beach, don't simply imagine yourself sitting on a beach, but try to bring all of your senses into play. Think of the salty smell in the air, the warm humidity, the sound of the crashing waves, the feeling of the sand between your toes and the warmth of the sun on your skin.
Progressive muscle relaxation
It is probably easiest to try progressive muscle relaxation while standing up, but you can also receive some benefits when sitting down. Start by tensing the muscles in your toes and feet for about five to 10 seconds. Then, slowly release these muscles for 30 seconds and do the same for the legs, hips, abdomen, lower back, shoulders, arms, hands, neck and jaw.
More: Tinnitus and meditation: A success story
Lifestyle and home remedies for tinnitus
Every person with tinnitus should protect
their hearing when around loud noises.
Wear hearing protection
If you're working around loud machinery, going hunting or dancing near speakers at a live concert, don't forget to wear foam earplugs or earmuffs so your tinnitus doesn't get worse. Noise exposure can trigger tinnitus for some people. It also damages your hearing, which in turn can make tinnitus more intense.
Exercise
Exercise is a key way to manage stress, and is good for both your brain and body. If your tinnitus is related to high blood pressure, increasing your activity level can help get your blood pressure under better control and reduce tinnitus.
Yoga
Yoga is a great exercise for tinnitus sufferers because it incorporates meditative breathing and relaxation techniques along with a healthy workout.
Evaluate your diet
For some people, their tinnitus is helped by reducing the amount of salt they consume and incorporating healthy eating habits. For people who have Meniere's disease—which causes hearing loss, tinnitus and dizziness—lowering salt may be especially helpful.
Limit caffeine, alcohol, and tobacco
All three of these things affect blood flow and your overall health. For example, consuming too much coffee or soda regularly not only increases your blood pressure, it may aggravate tinnitus.
Talk to someone
Tinnitus can impact your mental health and your relationships. Exploring coping techniques with a therapist can help you get a handle on any out-of-control feelings.
More tips:
Quality of life hacks for tinnitus sufferers
How to support someone with tinnitus
Apps for tinnitus
If your tinnitus feels overwhelming
For some people, tinnitus can have a big impact on their mental health, leading to suicidal thoughts. If you are finding yourself in this position, our article on suicide and tinnitus offers tips to help you through the immediate crisis.
Medical treatments for tinnitus
If you've tried the recommendations above and are still struggling with tinnitus, our page on tinnitus diagnosis and treatment provides guidance on what it's like to see a medical or hearing care professional for persistent or severe tinnitus. It also goes over masking devices and behavioral and sound therapy options.
Many people find relief from simply getting a pair of hearing aids, especially if hearing loss is a contributing factor.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Tinnitus (ringing in the ears) / Relief
Related topics
Symptoms Causes Diagnosis and treatment Meniere's disease BPPV Dizziness
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and assistive devices.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Apps for tinnitus: My top picks
5 more strategies for managing tinnitus during the pandemic
Managing tinnitus in times of great stress
Coping techniques to prevent tinnitus and anticipatory anxiety
Life after tinnitus habituation: What to expect
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Diagnosis and treatment
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!