http://www.diabetestrialnet.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Get Screened
Detect your risk of developing T1D. Join our #T1DFamily members on the Pathway to Prevention today!
Get Started
Privacy Policy
Our Promise to You
Free and Anonymous Access
This is the web site of Type 1 Diabetes TrialNet ("we" and "us"). Access is free and anonymous.  At no time are you required to give any information about yourself to access the main web site.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not share any data that might identify any individual with any third party.
Cookies
Certain pages within this web site have the ability to place a cookie on your computer. These cookies serve only to temporarily remember information that helps you get to pages you want. Cookies are not used to track what pages you look at.  Identifying personal information will not be stored on the web server.
Participant Photographs
All photographs included in the website are of our actual research participants who have given us permission to include their image or comments on the website.  We are grateful to our families for their participation and will immediately honor any requests to remove posted photos, should anyone change his/her mind in the future about being included in this website.  Parents and/ or children may request that their photo be removed at any time by contacting us at the address below.
Our Families: Add your family
By submitting information on the “Add your family” page, you agree to the following:
The provided image and text to be used on the TrialNet website.
TrialNet will not use provided images submitted for any other use without prior approval from the user.
TrialNet approves all images and text submitted prior to posting on the website. If TrialNet deems the content inappropriate, the content provided will be deleted.
At any time, we will immediately honor any requests to remove posted photos, should anyone change his/her mind in the future about being included in this website.  Parents and/ or children may request that their photo be removed at any time by contacting us at the address below.
Your interactions with our site are secured with the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol, with 256-bit AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) encryption.
Data uploaded regarding your shared story is not stored in an encrypted format, and will be shared publically on the site if approved.
Information you provide regarding your story (text, images, etc.) will be used by TrialNet on the site as long as the site maintains its current shared story functionality, unless it has been requested to be taken down.
With respect to content you submit, you grant TrialNet the worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, distribute, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content, in whole or in part, on trialnet.org.
Access Logs
Each web page access is recorded in a log file. The contents of the log file are analyzed to determine how many visitors we serve, what pages they look at most, and from where they connect. Individual session data are not kept or examined.
Contact Us: Message to the Study Coordinator
Visitors who wish to submit a question to the Study Coordinator are asked to include their names and email addresses so that we can best answer their question and send them a reply. We do not publish these e-mail addresses.  The TrialNet administrator may filter submissions and send information securely to another TrialNet site closest to the user.
The TrialNet Contact Us page encrypts data using SHA-256 secure socket layer technology. Data collected through the screener are password protected and secured, allowing only approved individuals to access them. Data are stored online in an oracle database. They may be included in research SAS data sets. All data are archived to tape and sent offsite for storage. Data are systematically removed from the online resources in compliance with the guidelines for that project or grant. All the data will be stored for a minimum of 6 years after the completion of the project or grant.
Participate: Online Consent
The TrialNet Online Screener encrypts data using SHA-256 secure socket layer technology. Data collected through the screener are password protected and secured, allowing only approved individuals to access them. Data are stored online in an oracle database. They may be included in research SAS data sets. All data are archived to tape and sent offsite for storage. Data are systematically removed from the online resources in compliance with the guidelines for that project or grant. All the data will be stored for a minimum of 6 years after the completion of the project or grant.
Share This Page
Visitors can send an e-mail, Twitter or Facebook message to a friend with a link to any of our web pages. We log which pages are shared and the IP address from which the request was made in order to determine what pages our visitors share. Individual session data are not kept beyond the session or examined.
Summary
We do not obtain personally identifying information about you during your use of the web site, unless you choose to provide it. If you do choose to add information about yourself to the site, we do not share your data with any third parties, nor do we use your data to market to you. Privacy and anonymity are an important part of our promise to you.
Questions?
If you have any questions about your privacy at our web site, write to:
Type 1 Diabetes TrialNet Hub
Benaroya Research Institute
1201 Ninth Avenue
Seattle, WA  98101
Info@trialnet.org
Get in Touch
Type 1 Diabetes TrialNet
Phone: 1-800-425-8361
MON-FRI 8am-5pm ET
Contact Us
Quick Links
T1D Risk Screening
TrialNet Prevention Studies
The Stages of Type 1 Diabetes
Frequently Asked Questions
For Researchers
Member Login
Find a Location
Over 200 risk screening and study locations worldwide. Find A Location
Stay Connected
Follow TrialNet for important T1D research news and updates on social media or join our mailing list.
Subscribe Now
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Your Email Address
No thanks, return to view