http://www.sor.org/website-terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Log in
Register
Contact us
Help
Society of Radiographers
Main menu
Home
Covid-19Breast screening
Common employment questions
Contact with infected patients or suspected cases
Current and emerging issues for radiographers
E-learning resources
Infection prevention and control responsibilities
Information governance
IR(ME)R
MRI
NHS Wales
Nuclear medicine hints and tips
Personal protective equipment (PPE)
Pregnancy
Pre-registration education providers
Radiotherapy services
Returners to practice; retired radiographers; registered radiographers in other work areas; and volunteers
Sick leave and time off to look after dependants
Sonographers
Breast screening in Northern Ireland
CT
Clinical Guidelines
CoR advice to education providers
Image interpretation resources
NHS Scotland: National Guidance
Students
Wellbeing, emotional and mental health support and resources
Where can I find information about the imaging appearances of Covid-19?
Public and PatientCoronavirus/Covid-19 and cancer treatment
Patient information
An overview of radiotherapy
hellomynameis campaign
IMRT - A fact sheet for patients
Caring for people with dementia
Patient Advisory Group
Meet the Patient Advisory Group (PAG)
Check a register
About radiographyA career in radiography
Directory of courses
World Radiography Day
Promotional resources
Media centre
Information and stories
Social media guidance for SCoR groups
Working in the UK
The Imaging Services Accreditation Scheme (ISAS)
The Quality Standard for Imaging
Quality Talk
About usWho we are
Council
Statutory documents
Annual reports
MoA, AoA & handbook
Comprehensive Spending Review (CSR)
Legal reports & accounts
SoR pension Scheme Statement of Investment Principles
The College of Radiographers
College Board of Trustees
What is the impact of the College of Radiographers?
Objectives of the College of Radiographers
Patient information
A career in radiography
Approvals and accreditation
Fellowship of the College of Radiographers
CoRIPS research grants
CoR Doctoral Fellowship Grant
CoR Legacy Fund
CoR Overseas Placement Fund
Developing countries
UKIO Attendance Grant
SoR staff
Staff policies
Organisational links
Associated organisations
Industry partners
NICE accreditation
Awards & grants
News
Rep of the year
Student of the Year
Radiographer of the Year and UK Team of the Year
CoRIPS Student Research Awards
CoRIPS research grants
SoR reps’ learning fund
Overseas placement fund
Silver medal
Gold medal
Fellowship by Portfolio
Other awards
CoR Legacy Fund
College of Radiographers Doctoral Fellowship Grant
Fellowship of the College of Radiographers
UKIO Attendance Grant
Contact us
How to find us
A Manifesto for Tomorrow’s NHS
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Data Protection Compliance Handbook
SoR Political Fund
Strategy
Being a memberBenefits of membership
Join us
Reduced rate subscription form
Newly qualified radiographers
SoR/Prospect Dual Membership
Professional indemnity insurance
PII guidance for members
Benevolent Fund
Financial Assistance
Help and advice
How do I donate to the Benevolent Fund?
Clone of Financial Assistance
Retired members
Terms of reference
Committee
Meetings and events
News
My profile
Your membership number
Maternity leave
Reduced Rate
Tax relief
Member offers
Badges
Useful resources for reps and members
Annual General Meeting
LearningEducation approval and accreditation
Application for programme/placement approval
Approval and Accreditation Board
Fees
Assessors
Dental nurse courses
Student zone
Introduction to SoR
Student Representative Forum
Student Welcome Week 2020
Student benefits
Student support at SoR
News
Radiography societies
Student research and dissertations
Preparing for work
Emergencies and Support
Student Awards
Annual Student Conference
Getting involved
Trainee assistant practitioners
CPD
CPD Now
CPD endorsement
e-Learning
e-Learning for Healthcare
Exclusive e-learning discounts for overseas members
CoR events
Developing tomorrow’s leaders: Essential Training for Radiography Managers
Post-registration courses
Certificate of IV administration
Postgraduate award in mammography practice
Library and publications
Policy & guidance document library
Archived and superseded policy and guidance document library
Radiography
Imaging & Therapy Practice
Synergy News
Imaging & Oncology
SCoR Talk
Top Talk
Student Talk
SoR News
Health & safety newsletter
Webinars
Short courses and study days
Career progressionJobs
Vacancies
Working in the UK
Working abroad
Confirmation of qualifications
Assistant practitioners
News
Assistant practitioner accreditation
Accredited AP register
Practitioners
Advanced practitioners
Advanced practitioner accreditation
News
Consultants
Consultant radiographer group
Clinical practice
Consultant practitioner accreditation
Development & training
Raising the profile
Role evaluation tool
Articles & presentations
Useful publications
News
Position papers
Educators
Association for radiography educators
Independent practitioners
Managers
News
SCoR guidance for managers
Learning and development resources
Radiology managers conference
Radiotherapy managers
Useful publications
Useful links & resources
Developing Tomorrow’s Leaders: Essential Training for Radiography Managers, March 2020
Developing Tomorrow’s Leaders: March 2019
Developing Tomorrow’s Leaders: November 2019
Education and Training Tariff
Practice educators
Return to practice
Must read information
News
Period of updating skills and knowledge
Researchers
CoRIPS research grants
Doctoral fellowships
News
Research group
National research profiles
Undertaking research
Getting started
Moving on
Finding funding
PhD and Prof. Doc. log
Research FAQs
Useful links
Research Resource Articles
Council for Allied Health Professions Research (CAHPR)
Log of live member research
Research Specialist Interest Groups
Formal Radiography Research Mentorship (FoRRM)
External Assessors
Professional expert (expert witness)
Six simple steps to a job-ready CV
PracticeRadiotherapy
News
Patient safety
Promoting radiotherapy
Radiotherapy advisory group
UK countries
UK Radiotherapy Board
Breast radiotherapy interest group
Brachytherapy radiographers forum
Specialist paediatric radiographers
Imaged Guided Radiotherapy SIG
Superficial radiotherapy SIG
Information, support and review
Paperless radiotherapy interest group
Diagnostic Imaging
North West chest x-ray reporting radiographers SIG
Diagnostic Imaging Advisory Group (DIAG)
Fracture Liaison Services
Prevention/Public Health
Medicines Management
Supply, Administration & Prescribing Radiographers
Radiation protection
News
Ionising radiation
Radiation regulations
Radiation protection FAQs
Related organisations
Research using ionising radiation
Ultrasound
News
Education / CPD
Health & safety for sonographers
Professional issues
Sonographer registration project
Ultrasound advisory group
Useful links
Screening
Register of sonographers
2020 Medical Ultrasound Awareness Month #MUAM
2019 Medical Ultrasound Awareness Month #MUAM
2018 Medical Ultrasound Awareness Month #MUAM
Cross-sectional imaging
CT
CT special interest groups
MRI
MR advisory group
MRI safety
Educational Resources
The Control of Electro Magnetic Fields at Work Regulations (CEMFAW)
BAMRR
Stroke imaging
Useful links and publications
Intervention
Mammography
Nuclear medicine
News
Nuclear Medicine & Molecular Imaging Advisory Group (NMMAG)
Useful publications
External partners
Paediatrics
The Association of Paediatric Radiographers
Obtaining consent
Reporting
Other groups
Forensic radiography
GIRSIG
Radiographic informatics
Special interest groups
Scottish Clinical Imaging Network
Trade union supportReps
Being a rep
Health & safety reps
Union learning reps
Reps Training
Education and awards
Find your rep
LRD publications online
Social network guidance
Useful resources for reps
Annual Delegates Conference
ADC 2020
ADC 2019
ADC 2018
ADC 2017
ADC 2016
ADC 2015
ADC 2014
ADC 2013
Problem at work?
Making a claim: What to do when things go wrong
Raising concerns in the workplace
Agenda for change
News
National changes to AfC
Out of hours
Pay scales
Job evaluation
Knowledge & skills framework
Annex T
Annex U
Split contracts
The 2018 NHS Pay Offer
Equalities
Equalise
News
Employment advice
Part time working
Disciplinary & grievance
Injuries at work
Sickness absence
Learning contract
Health & safety
News
Health & safety campaigns
Role and Functions of Safety Representatives
Health & safety events
SoR health & safety forum
Asbestos
Bullying
Cancer in the workplace
Carrying out a Risk Assessment
Gender Occupational health and safety (GOSH)
Lone workers
Manual handling of patients
Menopause
Mental health
RIDDOR
Shift Working
Time to Change
Pensions
News
Useful documents
Campaigns
News
A SCoR Survivor's Guide to Marches and Rallies
COVID-19 Employment Advice
Political Fund
Contribute to the Political Fund
Leave the Political Fund
Around the UKNorthern Ireland
News
Diary dates
Council
Resources
Trusts
Newsletters
Scotland
News
Diary dates
Council
Reps forum
Resources
Wales
News
Diary dates
Council
Resources
Eastern
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
London
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
Newsletters
Study Days
Midlands
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
North west
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
Northern
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
South east
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
South west
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
Yorkshire & North Trent
News
Diary dates
Committee
Reps Training Days
Reps' Meeting Resources
Employers
Regional Committee/National Council Member Registration
You are hereHomeWebsite terms and conditions
Website terms and conditions
Thank you for using our website. When we refer to the Website we are referring to any website in the domain sor.org, the website sor.cpdnow.net and the website www.radiographycareers.co.uk.  Any use by you of the Website is conditional on your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Statement.
If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, you should leave the Website immediately and make no further use of it.  If you continue to access and use the Website then this will constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Your attention is drawn in particular to the following sections below. "Warranties and Liabilities" and "Your Obligations"
The Website is operated by the Society of Radiographers ("We" or "Us" or "Our").  We are a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales under company number 00169483 and have our registered office at 207 Providence Square, Mill Street, London SE1 2EW.  Our VAT number is 234 9654 41.
We may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by amending this page. You must check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
If you have any comments or questions or are uncertain about anything in these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at info@sor.org or write to us at the Society of Radiographers, 207 Providence Square, London SE1 2EW. We will try to respond to your queries as quickly as possible.
Members' Area and Registration
The Website contains a separate members' area ("Members' Area") which contains extensive information about Us and Our campaigns and activities, trade union and industrial relations, professional documents, education and CPD guidance, and activities you are entitled to attend in Regional Committees and National Councils.
You must not access the Members' Area unless you are a member of the Society of Radiographers. Details of subscription and membership can be found here.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of Our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by Us, at any time, if in Our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of these Terms and Conditions.
Individuals may add comments on news stories.  Although comments are currently moderated, We have no obligation to do this and We expressly exclude Our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of these Terms and Conditions, whether the service is moderated or not.
Uploading Material
Subject to Our Privacy Policy, any material (which includes any comments or documents) ("Contributions") you post or upload to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and We have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any Contributions for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any Contributions constitute a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
You warrant that you have all rights (including all intellectual property rights) to enable you to post and/or upload Contributions and to enable us to use Contributions as set out in these Terms and Conditions.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.
We have the right to remove any Contributions you make on the Website if, in Our reasonable opinion, such Contributions do not comply with the following content standards:
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted and/or uploaded.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any intellectual property right such as copyright, database right or trade mark.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that the Contributions emanate from Us, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Intellectual Property rights
The contents of these pages are copyright The Society of Radiographers.
All materials, including images, logos, illustrations, designs, site layout, photographs, written and other text or script that are part of the Website together with all software compilations, underlying source code and software in the Website are protected by copyright, trade mark, design right and/or other worldwide intellectual property rights and are owned or controlled by or licensed to the Society of Radiographers.
You may print one copy of material on the Website for personal non-commercial use only, save as otherwise expressly permitted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. Users may not otherwise download or copy, reproduce, store in any medium (including any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, modify or show in public any part of the Website without Our prior written consent. Any requests to reproduce materials should be addressed to the Society of Radiographers at 207 Providence Square, Mill Street, London SE1 2EW.
Warranties and Liabilities
Although We aim to ensure that the information and content provided on the Website is accurate and consistent with current knowledge and practice, please be aware that all information on the Website is provided on an 'as is' basis. We expressly disclaim and exclude all warranties, conditions, representations and terms, whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise, with respect to the Website or the information, content, materials, goods or services included in the Website including, without limitation, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Website, as to whether it is up to date and as to the condition of any goods or services displayed or provided. If you believe the content of these pages to be inaccurate or out of date, or you would like to make any comments, then please contact us at info@sor.org .
The content of the Website is intended to provide general information only and must not be used as an alternative to professional advice for medical diagnosis or treatment. The information and content on the Website is not intended to replace a consultation with an appropriately qualified health professional. Medical knowledge and practice is always changing and you may require specific advice that cannot be addressed on the Website.
We do not warrant that the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials.
Access to the Website may be suspended, restricted or terminated at any time for any reason. By using the Website, you acknowledge that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with any necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment that you use in connection with the Website.
To the extent permitted by law, We will have no liability to you in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise for any loss (including loss of profit), cost or damage (whether indirect, consequential, or otherwise) suffered in connection with the following:
Any errors or omissions in materials published on the Website by third parties or in any other documents or sites which may be referred to or linked to by such material, including links to third party sites. We are also not responsible for the availability of any of these linked sites.
Your use of the Website or from use of information passed through the Website or services offered by the Website, even if we are aware of the possibility of such loss.
Any delay or failure to perform, if the delay or failure is due to a cause beyond Our reasonable control.
Suspension, restricted or termination of access to the Website for any reason.
Any indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred in connection with the Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of the Website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, loss of goodwill or wasted management or office time.
Any material or information uploaded to the Website by a third party.
Any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code harmful that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Any other website or material which We provide a link to on our Website.
We do not however exclude or limit our liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by Our negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. This paragraph takes precedence over anything else in these Terms and Conditions.
Your Obligations
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes. You may not use the Website:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the Website in contravention of these Terms and Conditions.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of the Website; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in the provision of the Website; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions may result in Our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Website.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any of your Contributions to the Website.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as We reasonably feel is appropriate.
You may link to the Website home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage Our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on Our part where none exists.
Data Protection
We comply with all of the applicable data protection laws. Please see our Privacy Statement for more details.
Law
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, the Website and these Terms and Conditions. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with the Website or these Terms and Conditions or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. This paragraph is subject to the paragraph below.
We may enforce Our rights in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
Printer-friendly version
Content tools
Printer-friendly version
Contact us about this page
Email to a friend
Tweet
Style Switcher
Small Font|font
Medium Font|font
Large Font|font
Colour 1|colour
Colour 2|colour
Colour 3|colour
Colour 4|colour
Accessibility controls
Text size
AA A
Colour
C
C
C
C
Accessibility
© 2020 The Society and College of Radiographers
207 Providence Square, Mill Street, London SE1 2EW
Telephone: 020 7740 7200
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies
Sitemap
Site by DEESON