http://www.hurstreview.com/privacy-policy
Our Guarantee
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Careers
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.hurstreview.com (the “Site”). This privacy
notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on the Site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order or grant you access to our course material.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Behavioral Advertising
We use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting the individual advertisers:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:
http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on the Site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Site, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to the Site in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Site.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use the Site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on the Site in which you have expressed interest.
Orders
The Site requests information from you on our order form. To buy from the Site, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on the Site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to the Site and identify repeat visitors to the Site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the Site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the Site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on the Site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time the Site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or suggestions on how to improve our privacy to all users, you may contact us at any time.
Hurst Review Testimonials
Jenny Ear, RN
“I had tested on 01/7/20 and passed with 75 questions on my first attempt. I
highly recommend everything about the Hurst product. I personally used Hurst Now and I
enjoyed watching the videos along with filling out the student handbook. The assessments
that were provided to determine readiness was very helpful as well. Thank you!”
Melissa Kisamore-Boos, RN
“I passed the NCLEX on my first try in 88 questions! I graduated my BSN program
Dec. 13th The practice Qbank questions and the readiness exam from Hurst were the only
practice questions I used. I used the Qbank questions ALOT. They were so much better
then all the other practice question software I had available to me from nursing school
and that I had bought. I am so thankful I used Hurst for my NCLEX review. Hurst offers
so much study material it is all very helpful.”
Haley Frederick, RN
“Just took the Hurst Nstream review and it was so helpful! I learned so much and
everything was made so simple so I understood everything easily. I just passed my NCLEX
yesterday in 75 questions and couldn’t have done it without Hurst!!!!!”
Kayla Adams, RN
“I just wanted to sing you guys’ praises! I just completed my NCLEX Thursday
January 18, 2018 after completing my review in Macon, GA with instructor Anna Collado. I
passed in 75 questions! Hurst was amazing at preparing me for that final step to
complete my nursing school journey. It gave me the confidence to walk into the testing
center confidently and walk out feeling like a champion afterwards! So thank you to
everyone involved in Hurst Review Services! It is truly an amazing program.”