https://www.aacc.org/privacy-policy
AACC uses Cookies to ensure the best website experience. Continuing without changing Cookie settings assumes you consent to our use of cookies on this device.
You can change these settings at any time, but that may impair functionality on our websites. Review our cookie and privacy policy
About AACC
Media
Annual Meeting
Career Center
Artery
Login
Join
Renew
Community
Artery Discussion Boards
Scientific Divisions
Local Sections
For Early Career Members
Fellows of AACC Academy
Merit Awards
Clinical Laboratory Scientists
Learn About Membership
Member Directory
Science & Research
Coronavirus Resources
Clinical Chemistry Journal
The Journal of Applied Laboratory Medicine
Clinical and Forensic Toxicology News
AACC Academy Guidance
Practice Guidelines
Scientific Shorts
Toxin Library
Universal Sample Bank
Clinical Laboratory Analyzer Archive
Books and Multimedia
Research Grants
Clinical Laboratory Marketplace
Clinical Laboratory News
All Articles
CLN Magazine
COVID-19 Articles
CLN Stat
CLN Daily 2020
ACCENT Credits
Subscribe
Contact Us
Education
Find Continuing Education
Watch a Webinar
Earn a Certificate
Take an Online Course
Get Certified in Point-of-Care Testing
Accredit Your Education Program
AACC Learning Lab
UNIVANTS of Healthcare Excellence Award
Meetings
2020 Annual Meeting
2021 Annual Meeting
Conferences
International Travelers Assistance
Resources from Past Meetings
Upcoming Annual Meetings
Advocacy & Outreach
Advocacy Priorities
Laboratory Voice
Position Statements
Comment Letters
AACC Policy Reports
Congressional Briefings
The Lab Advocate
Global Lab Quality Initiative
Harmonization
Lab Tests Online
Laborastories
Membership Grants
Login
Community
Science & Research
Clinical Laboratory News
Education
Meetings
Advocacy & Outreach
Become A Member
Back
AACC Cookie Policy
About AACC
Media
Annual Meeting
Career Center
Artery
Join
Renew
AACC Cookie Policy
AACC.org
//
Privacy Policy
The American Association for Clinical Chemistry, Inc. (AACC) respects the privacy of its members and visitors to its website located at aacc.org, visitors to our Lab Tests Online website located at labtestsonline.org, and visitors to other sites operated by AACC that link to this Privacy Policy (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the data we collect about you, including the data we collect from our Site, when you use our services related to providing information and resources for specific lab tests and testing topics, or other digital properties that link to this Privacy Policy. By providing information to us, you expressly agree to this Privacy Policy.
Who are we?
This Site is owned and operated by AACC. The words “we”, “us”, or “our” are used interchangeably throughout this Privacy Policy to refer to AACC.
What Information does AACC collect?
AACC collects personal data, defined as any information relating to an identified or identifiable person, through the Site.  This includes name, mailing address, email address, telephone number. We collect this information when you sign up for our email newsletter, submit a question or comment or otherwise provide feedback, respond to surveys, or search on the website.
To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on the Site, members and other users are asked to register and provide certain personal data. AACC asks users to provide, for example, their name, date of birth, member number (for members), organization name, business phone, and e-mail address. Similar data may be submitted to AACC through membership applications, conference or seminar registration, publication orders, and subscriptions. We may also collect certain personal data that you voluntarily provide to us by shopping in our store, such as your payment card information.
Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format, AACC will collect specific data regarding what the recipient does with that e-mail. For those e-mails, AACC will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other data collected through this tracking feature includes: e-mail address of a user, the date and time of the user's "click," a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. AACC only uses this data to enhance its products and distribution of those products.
We also collect information from you through means other than the Site. This includes emails, text messages, or other electronic communications, that you send to us separate from our Site, or by way of our third-party service providers. While this Privacy Policy does not apply to data that you provide to us through means other than our Site, when data is combined with the data we collect from you through our Site or by other means as described above, the Privacy Policy will apply to the combined information, unless specifically disclosed otherwise.
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Site, including, but not limited to, traffic data, geolocation data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, browser type, clickstream patters, the URL of the most recent website you visited before coming to our Site, the amount of time you spent on our Site and the pages you viewed while on our Site.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services. For more information on how to opt-out of third-party advertiser tracking mechanisms, please see the “Digital Advertising & Analytics” section below.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Site, including, but not limited to, by enabling us to:
Estimate our visitor size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize and improve our Site.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Site.
AACC uses cookies to assist with these efforts. Read our Cookie Policy for more information.
How does AACC use the information that it collects?
We collect data from you only when you voluntarily provide it to us or when you interact with us.
We use data voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways.
To Provide Our Services: Generally, we use data collected to provide and improve our own web content, including to provide emails, newsletters, and other information; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; to develop new products and services; to administer member benefits; to fulfill your requests; to contact members and customers, including regarding changes to our Site, policies, terms or any products or services we offer or provide; to comply with applicable law(s) (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or court order); and for other purposes disclosed at the time personal data is collected.
Disclosures to Third Parties: We also make member contact information available through our Membership Directory to other members using our Site if that member gave his or her express consent for their data to be shared through the Membership Directory. We also provide limited data to third parties that purchase AACC mailing lists. Members may request AACC to refrain from disclosing their data to third parties on the Site. Alternatively, users may contact AACC’s Customer Service at any time at custserv@aacc.org or by logging in to their customer profile at https://www.aacc.org/login . In some instances, AACC customers will be offered the opportunity to provide their contact information to program supporters. If desired, individuals may give their consent to have their contact information shared with supporter(s) of a specific program. This consent may be withdrawn at any time.
How do we disclose your data?
We may disclose your information to third parties for the purpose of providing or improving the Site, who perform services on our behalf, or for marketing purposes. We may disclose your personal data to:
Hosting providers for the secure storage and transmission of your data
Database software providers for the management and tracking of your data
Marketing providers who send communications on our behalf regarding our products and services
Technology providers who assist in the development and management of our software or our Site
Fulfillment and postal vendors for the fulfillment of our products and services
Survey and research providers who perform studies on our behalf
Advertising partners, including social media providers, for the delivery of targeted advertisements
The American Society for Clinical Laboratory Science (ASCLS), a service provider, as part of its “Ask a Laboratory Scientist” service, in order for ASCLS to provide its services.
We may disclose your personal data to enforce our policies, to comply with our legal obligations or in the interests of security, public interest or law enforcement in any country where we operate. For example, we may respond to a request by a law enforcement agency or regulatory or governmental authority. We may also disclose data in connection with actual or proposed litigation, or to protect our property, security, people and other rights or interests.
If AACC is sold or some of its assets transferred to a third party, your personal data may also be transferred to the acquirer. Our customer database may be sold separately from the rest of the business in whole or in part. Potential purchasers may have limited access to data as part of the sale process. Nonetheless, use of your personal data will remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
We share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without restriction.
What about links to other websites?
The Site contains live links to third party websites. Those external websites contain data created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of AACC. AACC does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external websites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of data located at those websites. Reference therein to any specific commercial product, process or service does not constitute or imply endorsement or recommendation by AACC.
The Site may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties.  If you use these tools to share personal data or you otherwise interact with these features on the Site, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public.  Your interactions with these third parties are governed by their privacy notices.  We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of third party websites. Therefore, please read carefully any privacy policies associated to those links or websites before agreeing to their terms or using those websites.
If you have asked us to share your data with websites owned and operated by third parties, we assume no responsibility for any risks associated with those servers.
How long do we keep your data?
We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy to improve our own web content, to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences, and to develop new products and services, in addition to retaining and using your personal data as is necessary to comply with AACC’s legal obligations, to resolve member or customer disputes, and to enforce our agreements.  The criteria used to determine the period of storage of information is established in our Data Retention Policies.  After expiration of that period, the corresponding information is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract.
International Visitors
This section applies to individuals who visit our Site from the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
AACC processes personal data with your consent (e.g., when AACC processes personal data to provide goods and services you request, such as to provide personal data to third parties at your direction).  On other occasions, AACC may process personal data when it needs to do this to fulfill a contract or where required to do this by law.
If necessary, AACC may also process personal data when it is in AACC’s legitimate interests to do this (e.g., for member service) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
AACC uses automatic decision-making and profiling to offer personalized marketing content through the Site.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal data in the United States.
You have a right to the following:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, contact us using the “Contact Us” section below.  Please be aware that AACC may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us.  To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Digital Advertising and Analytics
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms.  Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other websites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles and to the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) Principles in the European Union (“EU”) in connection with this interest-based advertising activity. U.S. individuals may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info while EU individuals may visit http://youronlinechoices.eu/ to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of it on websites by companies participating in these consumer choice tools. If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the tools. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other websites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. Among these third parties, we may use Google to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We use a third-party advertising company, eHealthcare Solutions (EHS), to serve ads when you visit the Site. The use of cookies enables EHS to serve more relevant ads to our users based on visits to the Site and other sites on the Internet. EHS may use non-identifying information about your visits to the Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by EHS, see their Preference Manager. You may also review eHealthcare Solutions’ Privacy Policy.
Your Choices
We may use your email address to send you other messages or content, such as, but not limited to, newsletters, additions or changes to features of the Service, or special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by emailing us your opt-out request or by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of our e-newsletter. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, special features, announcements, or offers.
For choices with respect to third-party interest-based advertising activities, please see the “Digital Advertising & Analytics” section above.
California's "Shine the Light" law permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us.
How to Contact Us
Any comments, queries and requests relating to any of your above-mentioned rights or our use of your data are welcomed. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to review, edit your personal data, or request that we correct or delete personal data in our possession, please contact us though any of the following:
Online
For questions pertaining to privacy or data collection, please use our Data and Privacy Form.
Mail
900 Seventh Street
NW Suite 400
Washington, DC 20001 U.S.
Change of the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy in the future. Any updates to this Privacy Policy will automatically be effective when they are published on our website. You should therefore return here regularly to view our most up-to-date Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 24, 20202