https://www.endeavorhouse.com/online-privacy-policy/
COVID-19 FAQ: Learn How Endeavor House North Is Protecting Clients
Home
Our Location
Our Privacy Practices
Online Privacy Policy
Call (800) 650-7002
Home
Our Location
Our Privacy Practices
Online Privacy Policy
Call (800) 650-7002
Endeavor House North and its affiliates (“Endeavor House”) operate https://www.endeavorhousenorth.com/, and other websites. It is Endeavor House’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
WEBSITE VISITORS
Like most website operators, Endeavor House collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Endeavor House’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Endeavor House visitors use its website. From time to time, Endeavor House may release non-personally-identifying information in an aggregate form (e.g., by publishing reports on trends in the usage of its website).
Endeavor House also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on its sites, including pages like https://www.endeavorhousenorth.com/blog. Endeavor House only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comments are left.
GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Certain visitors to Endeavor House websites choose to interact with Endeavor House in ways that require Endeavor House to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Endeavor House gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at https://www.endeavorhousenorth.com/ to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Endeavor House are asked to provide additional information, including the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Endeavor House collects such information only insofar as is necessary or desirable to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Endeavor House. Endeavor House does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Endeavor House visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS
Endeavor House may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Endeavor House may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Endeavor House does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
PROTECTION OF CERTAIN PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Endeavor House discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that: (i) need to know that information in order to process it on behalf of, or to provide services available at, Endeavor House websites; and, (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country. By using Endeavor House’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations. Endeavor House will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Endeavor House discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Endeavor House believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Endeavor House, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Endeavor House website and have supplied your email address, Endeavor House may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Endeavor House, its products, and facilities. If you send us a request (for example via email or one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Endeavor House takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Endeavor House uses cookies to help Endeavor House identify and track visitors, their usage of Endeavor House’s websites, and their website access preferences. Endeavor House visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Endeavor House’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Endeavor House websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
If a third party were to acquireEndeavor House (or substantially all of its assets), or in the unlikely event that Endeavor House goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, website user information would be one of the assets that would be transferred to or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Endeavor House may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Advertisements appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows advertising networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Endeavor House and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Endeavor House may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in its sole and absolute discretion. Endeavor House encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an account on https://www.endeavorhousenorth.com/ account, you may receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.