https://www.ecvpath.org/cookie-policy/
European College of Veterinary Pathologists – Cookie Policy
Advancing Standards in Veterinary Pathology
Online Training Resources
EBVS Diplomate Search
Slideset Database
Jobs
Members
Home
/
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to help the performance of the website and your online experience.
A cookie is a piece of information that is saved to the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. It remembers information about the configuration of your computer or mobile device and will remember that you’ve visited before. This improves your website browsing experience by storing information so that you don’t have to give it several times.
A cookie typically doesn’t contain personal information, but other browsing details such as the domain from which the cookie has come from, a random unique identifier code and also the lifetime (expiry) of the cookie.
Cookies may be either “persistent” or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie will remain valid and functional until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date); in contrast a session cookie will expire when the web browser is closed by the user.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behaviour, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalise and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Temporary session cookies
Name
About
DYNSRV
DYNSRV is used by our hosting provider to help manage website traffic.
PHPSESSID
The PHPSESSID cookie is native to PHP and enables websites to store serialised state data
How we use this information
We use the information gathered by cookies to measure information about our website usage. We can learn which pages on our site are being viewed and how many visitors are using the different sections of this website. This information helps us assess how useful the site is to our visitors and improve the usability of the website on an ongoing basis.
We also use persistent cookies if you have registered for any of our online services. These cookies allow us to make the logging-in process easier and more secure. They will also pre-populate your details should you need to complete one of our online forms.
How to disable the cookies
You can disable the cookies that we attach if your browser supports this.
If you do amend your cookie settings, you can still use the website however your browsing experience may be negatively affected and you will be unable to use some of our online services.
To check and update your cookies settings, you will need to know what browser you are using (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari or any other) and what version of it you have. You can usually find this out by opening the browser, then clicking on ‘Help’ and then ‘About’. This will give you information about the browser version you are using.
To find out how to manage cookies please refer to www.aboutcookies.org or your browser’s help options for more information.
Please remember that if you amend your cookie settings your browsing experience may be negatively affected. You may be unable to use some of our online services.
Your privacy
Your privacy and online security is our highest priority: we do not collect any personal details that can identify you.
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations
From 26 May 2012, new European Union privacy laws mean that you will be required to consent to the use of cookies on all UK websites.
We are currently working to implement the new rules on our websites. The ECVP is supportive of the changes to the privacy rules which are designed to protect the privacy of internet users.
Changes to this policy
We will occasionally update this cookie policy and encourage you to periodically review this policy and to keep yourself informed.
Last Updated: July 22nd, 2018
About Us
About the ECVP
The Council & the Committees
The Constitution
Financial sponsorship
News
Newsletters
Events
Training
Residency Training & Training Centres
Trainee Registration
Guide for Training Sponsors
Training and Employment Vacancies
Continuing Education Resources
Innovation and new technologies
Picture of the month & Image Archive
Histology Slide Database FAQ
Histology Slide Database
Useful Links
Examination
Exam Structure & Organisation
Next Examination
Exam Application
Example Exam Questions
Literature List
Considerations and Tips
ECVP – CFVP
Certificate in Forensic Veterinary Pathology
Membership
Definition & Membership
Re-registration and CPD requirements
Membership Fees
Summer School
ECVP/ESVP Summer School
Miscellanous
Past Congress abstract books
All Downloads
Search
Title of the document
Membership update form
4th Joint European Congress of the ESVP, ESTP and ECVP
About the ECVP
Definition & Membership
Legal Statement
Image Archive
Cookie & Privacy Policy
European College of Veterinary Pathology ECVP Office c/o Irini Thanou
admin@ecvpath.org
Copyright © 2020 European College of Veterinary Pathologists. All Rights Reserved.
Website by Richard Fox
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks