http://www.summahealth.org/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Summa Health System is committed to protecting the privacy and security of visitors to our website.  This statement explains how we handle information we learn from your visit to our website.
NOTE - Summa Health System Notice of Privacy Practices is a separate document that specifies how medical information about you (PHI) may be used and disclosed by Summa Health System.  Click to review notice of Privacy Practices.
You can access and browse our website without providing any personal information. We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it.
Information You Provide
Our website contains forms for you to request information or supply feedback to us. In some cases, telephone numbers, email addresses or return addresses are required so that we can supply requested information. In other cases, correct names and addresses are required to process credit card payments.
After you fill out a form, we may contact you with follow-up information and questions. We do not provide any information supplied on our web forms to any outside organization (other than where we may be required to by law, or as necessary to process a transaction).
Occasionally, we survey visitors to our site to help us understand the needs of our visitors, so that we can improve our site. We generally do not ask for information that would personally identify you. If we do request contact information for follow-up, you may decline to provide it.
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from Summa Health System asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
In the event you access any Service requiring a User Name and Password, you are solely responsible for keeping such User Name and Password strictly confidential.
Non-personal Information
The Web server automatically collects the IP (which stands for Internet Protocol) address of the computers that access our site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet. It is not truly personally identifiable information. However, we use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors.
Please note that although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from an IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
We collect information about visitors to our site using "cookies”, which are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. Cookies are never associated with specific personal identities.
You can delete our cookies at any time. The "help" section, located on the toolbar of most browsers, will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Since cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our website's best features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Currently we are using Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics.
Opting-out
Opt out of receiving further information. If you change your mind about receiving information that you requested through this website you may contact us and ask to opt out of future contact.  Go to www.SummaHealth.org/GeneralInformationForm  to inform us of your decision to opt out of future contact.
Other services provided by Summa Health System on this Website may require you to agree to additional terms.
Security of Your Information
The use of this website may require the entry of personal information, such as name, email, address, telephone and fax numbers, and other personal or demographic data. The entry of all personal information is voluntary. Summa Health System does not sell, trade or rent personal information about its website visitors.
All information is collected and sent using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which offers a high level of data protection. Your security and confidentiality is respected at all times.
Beyond taking reasonable care to safeguard your information, Summa Health System does not guarantee the absolute security of electronic communications or transmissions since any transmission made over the internet by any organization or any individual runs the risk on interception.
Links to Other Sites
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information to be aware of the other website’s privacy practices. This privacy policy only applies to information collected by this website.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of information gathered through our Web site, please contact our Webmaster at www.SummaHealth.org/GeneralInformationForm .
Last updated: 8/14/2018
Copyright © 2018 Summa Health System. All Rights Reserved.
Options to Request an Appointment
If your situation is an emergency, call 911.
Call Us
234.867.7965
Request a Callback
Send us your information and we will call you to schedule an appointment.
Select
Close