http://www.lifelineofberks.org/privacy-policy/
610.374.8545
info@lifelineofberks.org
Privacy Policy
The Lifeline of Berks County, Inc. website’s operations are subject to United States law, and specifically, to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to state governments within the United States or the United States Federal Government pursuant to valid law. Thus, if you are visiting this website from another country, be advised that U.S. law may not afford the same level or type of protection as those in your country.
Security
Nothing on the internet is totally secure, and Lifeline of Berks County, Inc. cannot warranty the absolute security of data you enter on this website. Nonetheless, Lifeline of Berks County, Inc. takes substantial steps to protect the security of your information during collection and transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer, and never share your login details with anyone.
Information not collected from children
Lifeline of Berks County, Inc.’s website is directed at adults, not children. Children under the age of eighteen years are not permitted to use this website except under direct adult supervision. However, if you are the guardian of a minor thirteen or under, and you believe that we have inadvertently acquired information about your child, federal law and this agreement concurrently give you the right to request a copy of all information collected about your child, or to delete any such data. If you wish to make this inquiry, please contact sgiles@lifelineofberks.org . Parents can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/protecting-kids-online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. When you access these links and leave our website, you should be aware that we do not have any control over that website. Links to websites are provided for convenience, but should not be taken as an endorsement of content collection practices on those websites, nor as a guarantee that such website is safe. Other websites have their own Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policies, and you should read those before using their website. Lifeline of Berks County, Inc. is not responsible for the protection or privacy of your information submitted to other websites.
What data do we collect?
We collect data you enter on this website, including your name and contact information if you use the “Contact Us” form or if you sign up for a seminar or other event on the website. We also utilize marketing automation and contact forms to follow up with our website visitors. We also collect information through the use of “cookies,” as discussed more fully in our Terms and Conditions. If you provide us with feedback on any of our forms, or if you email us, obviously we collect and store this information, and frequently with your personal details associated with such feedback or request.
We may collect location information from your mobile device in order to analyze our marketing efforts or for other reasons, and we also may collect your IP address and personal information for remarketing and future promotions that we think may interest you. We also collect information about your web browser, addresses of referring sites and any device identifier that can help us to determine how our marketing efforts are working, and what we need to do to provide a better technical experience on our website.
You can always choose not to disclose information to us, and you may contact us at any time to request the deletion of any data about you we may have on file. You may bar this and other websites from collecting “Cookies” through your web browser’s settings.
We do not sell data
We don’t sell your data. In rare circumstances, we may be required to release information pursuant to law, either as the result of a subpoena or a generally applicable law. We may also choose to release information where we believe it would prevent a crime or stop a malicious scheme.
Changes in this Policy
Changes may be made in this Privacy Policy, as well as in our Terms and Conditions and Refund Policy from time to time. If you wish to subscribe to email notifications about such changes, please email sgiles@lifelineofberks.org with the subject line “Subscribe to Website Policy Changes.”
If you have questions about this policy, you should contact sgiles@lifelineofberks.org .
Search for:
Recent Posts
Hello world!
Recent CommentsA WordPress Commenter on Hello world! Archives
March 2019
Categories
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org