http://www.caot.ca/site/privacy?nav=sidebar
Français
Join
Renew
FIND an OT
Login
Store
Toggle navigation
FOR OTs / OTAs
BECOME AN OT / OTA
ABOUT OT
ABOUT CAOT
ADVERTISING
Menu
Privacy/Security Statement
At CAOT, we are committed to protecting your privacy and to using technology that gives you a secure on-line experience. You can travel through most of our web site without giving any information about yourself. However, sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations.
This privacy policy governs the use of all information collected by CAOT including that collected on this web site.
CAOT will comply with Canadian legislation of standards for the collection, use and disclosure of information pertaining to any member, staff or individual served by the Canadian Association of Occupational Therapists.
In General
The collection of personal information by CAOT is limited to the type and amount of information necessary for the given purpose. You will know of, and consent to, the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information. This information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than that which it was collected, except with your written consent. Safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information shall be implemented to protect personal information. For example, membership or file numbers will be used in the place of names.
We will provide access to your complete personal information file upon receiving your written request.
The Executive Director is responsible for training staff and volunteers regarding appropriate procedures for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. He/she is responsible will receive and respond to complaints and/or inquiries regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. Please e-mail the Executive Director or see the contact page for phone and mailing information.
Collection of Personal Information
The Canadian Association of Occupational Therapists will request personal information from individuals for the purposes of:
Assessing eligibility for membership and/or other offered services (e.g. certification examination);
Providing services offered by the Association;
Obtaining statistical information for use by the Canadian Association of Occupational Therapists and external agencies (e.g. Canadian Institute for Health Information) for health human resource planning and other research relevant to the occupational therapy profession;
Hiring staff and other contractors necessary to conduct the work of the Association;
Providing contact information to third parties, with permission of the individual, for dissemination of information and products relevant to the occupational therapy profession and/or the work of the Association;
Investigating complaints regarding the conduct and/or actions of a member.
The Executive Director will ensure members are informed of the purposes of the collection of the personal information when the data is collected.
Browsing and Cookies
CAOT.ca uses cookie technology as part of our web site's statistical reporting. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web site that is saved on your hard disk by your computer's browser. It holds information a site may need to gather web site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded, the internet provider's domain name and country that our visitors come from (e.g. 'excite.com,' or mcmaster.ca'). Cookies can also record the addresses of sites visited immediately before, and after, coming to www.caot.ca. However, none of this information is associated with you as an individual. It is measured only in aggregate (groups of statistics). The information in the cookies allows us to see the paths taken by visitors to our site as they move from page to page. Cookies do not capture your individual e-mail address or any private information about you.
We also use standard web server log files to help us count visitors and evaluate our site's technical capacity. We use this information to find out how many people visit www.caot.ca, help us arrange the pages in the most user-friendly way, keep the site browser-friendly, and to make our pages more useful to our visitors. We record information on site traffic but not information on individual visitors to our site, so no information about you in particular will be kept or used.
On-Line Surveys
If you choose to participate in our on-line surveys, this response will be recorded as anonymous statistics only.
E-Mail
When you send us an e-mail, we use your e-mail address to thank you for your comment and/or reply to your question, and we will store your communication and our reply in case we correspond further. Beyond our initial reply, we will never use your e-mail address to send you any unsolicited message or information, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.
When you request information or other services, we use your e-mail address and any other information you give us to provide you with the information or other services you requested until you ask us to stop (using the 'unsubscribe' instructions provided with each e-mail). We will not share it with or sell, rent or lease it to any third party for such use.
Linking to Other Sites
Please remember that when you use a link to go from www.caot.ca to another web site, the CAOT Web Site Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including any site that has a link on www.caot.ca, is subject to the rules and policies of that site. We encourage you to read the rules and policies of the sites you visit to further understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
Copyright 2016 Canadian Association of Occupational Therapists
Terms of Use
|
Complaints
|
Privacy
|
Accessibility
powered by
in1touch
Contact Us
100-34 Colonnade Road Ottawa, ON K2E 7J6 Canada