http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/prostate-cancer-testing
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Cancer
Home
Conditions and treatments
Cancer
Prostate cancer testing
Prostate cancer testing
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Cancer
Cancer -
Cancer screening and early detection
Reproductive system - male
Reproductive system - male - Prostate and urethra
Summary
Australia has no government-sponsored prostate screening program like the breast, bowel or cervical cancer screening programs.
Men have the option to be tested if they are at higher risk of prostate cancer or are proactive about testing and are informed of the risks and benefits.
There are two common tests for prostate cancer: a prostate-specific antigen blood test and a digital rectal examination. Neither of these is completely accurate.
A biopsy of some prostate tissue may be needed to confirm a diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Discuss the benefits and limitations of prostate cancer testing and treatment with your doctor before having a prostate-specific antigen blood test.
The two common tests for prostate cancer are a digital rectal examination (DRE) and a prostate-specific antigen (PSA) blood test and neither is completely accurate.
The latest professional guidelines do not recommend DRE if being tested by a GP, although some may still offer a DRE with a PSA test. However, a specialist urologist is likely to do a DRE with a PSA test, as urologists are expert at interpreting DRE results. If the tests suggest there is a problem, your doctor may repeat the test or refer you to a specialist. A biopsy (removal of some prostate tissue) may be needed to confirm a suspected diagnosis.
Discuss testing with your doctor. It is not recommended that all men are routinely tested for prostate cancer. You will need to consider the benefits, risks and uncertainties of testing, as well as your own risk of developing the disease.
PSA test for prostate cancer
The prostate gland makes a protein called prostate specific antigen (PSA). This protein helps to nourish sperm. Normally, only tiny amounts of it enter the bloodstream.
Cancer cells in the prostate interfere with proper functioning and can cause large amounts of PSA to enter the bloodstream. Therefore, when high levels of PSA are detected in the bloodstream, this may indicate cancer.
Early prostate cancer often has no symptoms. However, high PSA levels can occur five to 10 years before the onset of prostate cancer symptoms. In such circumstances, the PSA test can help to indicate the presence of cancer at an early stage.
Other tests are needed to confirm a diagnosis because an abnormal PSA test can be due to non-cancerous causes. Equally, it is possible for a man to have a normal PSA level when cancer is present.
Normal PSA levels
The prostate slowly enlarges with age, and the production of PSA will also rise. Generally, the healthy upper limits of PSA levels in the blood increase with age. One study suggests they may be between 2 and 5.6 ng/ml (nanograms per millilitre) in men over 40 years. For men aged 50 to 69 years, it is usually recommended that a PSA level of greater than 3 ng/ml be followed up with further tests.
Other factors that influence PSA levels
The PSA blood test alone cannot diagnose prostate cancer. It is possible, although rare, to have prostate cancer without raised PSA levels in the blood. A higher-than-normal PSA level doesn’t automatically indicate prostate cancer either. A high PSA level is due to cancer in around one in three cases.
PSA levels can be raised by other factors, including:
infection of the prostate (prostatitis)
benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), also known as benign prostatic enlargement (BPE).
For this reason, the PSA blood test isn’t used in isolation when checking for prostate cancer.
DRE test for prostate cancer
It is not recommended that GPs routinely perform digital rectal examinations (DREs), but some may do a DRE as well as a PSA test. Urologists are likely to do a DRE. To do this test, the doctor inserts their gloved finger into your rectum (back passage) to check for enlargement of the prostate gland, or other changes.
Further tests for prostate cancer
If results of the PSA test or the DRE are abnormal, a urologist will likely recommend a biopsy, where small samples of tissue are removed from the prostate and examined.
If cancer is diagnosed, other tests may be used to check the progression of the cancer, including:
magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan of the prostate - often done before a biopsy
bone scan - to check whether or not cancer cells have spread to the bones
computed tomography (CT) scan - a specialised x-ray
pelvic lymph node dissection - a nearby lymph node is removed and examined to check whether or not cancer cells have entered the lymphatic system (this is only done during surgery on the prostate).
Discuss prostate cancer testing with your doctor
Medical authorities do not recommend that all men should be tested for prostate cancer. In fact, most authorities suggest that men should make their own choice about whether or not to have a PSA test. If you decide to be tested, it is recommended that it should be done every two years from 50 to 69 years of age, and only if your health is such that you expect to live for at least another seven years.
Men at high risk of prostate cancer, such as men with a family history of prostate cancer (a father or brother diagnosed at an early age), or men who have previously had an elevated test result, can start two-yearly testing from age 45. Your doctor can help you decide whether this is necessary.
While there is now some evidence that regular testing may prevent prostate cancer deaths, there are concerns that many men may be diagnosed and treated unnecessarily as a result of being screened, with a high cost to their health and quality of life (such as incontinence and impotence).
However, the option of active surveillance, where a low-risk cancer is watched closely instead of being treated, helps to lower these risks. Active surveillance is now used quite commonly in Australia for men with low-risk prostate cancer.
If you are unsure whether or not to be tested after considering the benefits and uncertainties of testing and your own risk of prostate cancer, discuss it with your doctor.
In Australia, if you choose to be tested for prostate cancer the tests are covered by Medicare.
Monitoring prostate cancer
After a diagnosis of cancer, regular PSA blood tests are used to monitor the cancer activity in a man’s body. Generally, prostate cancer causes PSA levels in the blood to get higher as the tumour grows. Regular blood tests can indicate whether the tumour is shrinking or enlarging, and whether the current treatment is working or not.
Where to get help
Your GP (doctor)
Urology specialist
Prostate cancer treatment - Healthymale
Cancer Council Victoria Helpline, which can link you to prostate cancer support groups Tel. 13 11 20
Multilingual Cancer Information Line, Victoria Tel. 13 14 50
WeCan website helps people affected by cancer find the information, resources and support services they may need following a diagnosis of cancer.
References
Clinical practice guidelines for PSA testing and early management of test-detected prostate cancer, 2016, Prostate Cancer Foundation of Australia and Cancer Council Australia PSA Testing Guidelines Expert Advisory Panel, Sydney.
Schröder FH, Hugosson J, Roobol MJ, et al. 2009, ‘Screening and prostate-cancer mortality in a randomized European study’, New England Journal of Medicine, vol. 360, no. 13, pp. 1320–1328.
Diagnosing prostate cancer, 2013, Cancer Council Victoria. More information here.
Prostate cancer screening: joint key messages, 2010, Australian Health Ministers’ Advisory Council and Cancer Council Australia.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Cancer
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
A-Z of cancer conditions
Cancer explained
Cancer risk factors
Screening and early detection
Cancer treatments
Living with cancer
A-Z of cancer conditions
Bladder cancer
Bladder cancer affects twice as many men as women...
Bone cancer
Bone cancer is a rare form of cancer that is treated with chemotherapy, radiotherapy or hormone therapy...
Bowel cancer
Bowel cancer is highly curable if found at an early stage...
Brain tumours - cancer
Brain cancer symptoms and treatment depend on which part of the brain is affected...
Brain tumours - gliomas
Gliomas are brain tumours associated with the three types of glial cell in the brain...
Breast cancer
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in Australian women...
Breast Cancer - Early Diagnosis (video)
Being diagnosed with breast cancer can be overwhelming. Women, their partners and families need support to cope with the emotional impact of the illness on their daily lives. In this video clip...
Cervical cancer
All women aged between 25 and 74 are advised to have Cervical Screening Tests every 5 years, new tests help identify HPV or cervical cancer...
Fallopian tube cancer
Fallopian tube cancer is one of the rarest gynaecological cancers...
Kidney cancer
Most kidney cancers are found when the doctor is checking for something else...
Leukaemia
Most children and many adults with acute leukaemia can expect to be cured, while chronic leukaemia can be successfully managed...
Liver cancer
Liver cancer can be a primary cancer that starts in the liver, or a secondary cancer that starts in another part of the body and spreads to the liver...
Living with Bowel Cancer - Treatment and Surgery (video)
Participants discuss their surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Each persons situation is different as were their treatment options. Participants share some of the side effects and also their...
Lung cancer
Lung cancer occurs most often in adults between the ages of 40 and 70 who have smoked cigarettes for at least 20 years...
Lymphoma
Lymphoma is a general term for a cancer that begins in the lymphatic system...
Melanoma
If untreated, melanomas can spread to other parts of the body and may be fatal...
Mesothelioma
Mesothelioma is a rare type of cancer that can develop decades after exposure to asbestos...
Molar pregnancy
Most molar pregnancies are diagnosed when bleeding early in pregnancy prompts an ultrasound scan...
Multiple myeloma
Multiple myeloma is cancer of plasma cells in the bone marrow...
Ovarian cancer
Many women with early stage ovarian cancer may not have any symptoms...
Pancreatic cancer
The causes of pancreatic cancer are unknown, but smokers are at greater risk...
Pituitary tumour
Generally, pituitary tumours are benign and slow growing, and pituitary cancers are extremely rare...
Prostate cancer
Prostate cancer can be treated in a variety of ways, so discuss treatment options with your doctor...
Prostate Cancer - Diagnosis (video)
In this video clip, participants discuss the events that led to them being tested for prostate cancer, whether that was regular PSA testing or in response to a GP recommendation...
Rectal cancer
If treated in its earliest stages, rectal cancer is highly curable...
Skin cancer
Check all of your skin, not just sun-exposed areas. If you notice anything unusual, including any change in shape, colour or size of a spot, or the development of a spot, visit your doctor as soon as...
Skin cancer - children
Encourage your child to be SunSmart ? whatever their age...
Stomach cancer
The symptoms of stomach cancer are usually vague and can be common to other medical conditions...
Testicular cancer
Early diagnosis and treatment can cure almost all cases of testicular cancer...
Throat cancer
Risk factors for throat cancer include smoking and heavy alcohol consumption...
Thyroid cancer
Anyone can develop thyroid cancer, regardless of age or gender...
Uterine cancer
Uterine cancer is one of the most common gynaecological cancers...
Vaginal cancer
Some vaginal cancers have no symptoms in their early stages, and only cause symptoms once they have invaded other parts of the body...
Vulvar cancer
In its early stages, vulvar cancer often has no symptoms because the cancer is so tiny...
Cancer explained
Breast Cancer - Early Diagnosis (video)
Being diagnosed with breast cancer can be overwhelming. Women, their partners and families need support to cope with the emotional impact of the illness on their daily lives. In this video clip...
Cancer Council Victoria
Cancer Council Victoria aims to reduce the impact of all
cancers for all Victorians...
Cancer explained
There are about 200 different types of cancer and most areas of the body can be affected...
Cancer in children
In children, the genetic changes that cause cancer are not due to lifestyle but are more likely to be random and difficult to predict...
Living with Bowel Cancer - Treatment and Surgery (video)
Participants discuss their surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Each persons situation is different as were their treatment options. Participants share some of the side effects and also their...
Prostate Cancer - Diagnosis (video)
In this video clip, participants discuss the events that led to them being tested for prostate cancer, whether that was regular PSA testing or in response to a GP recommendation...
Cancer risk factors
Breast Cancer - Early Diagnosis (video)
Being diagnosed with breast cancer can be overwhelming. Women, their partners and families need support to cope with the emotional impact of the illness on their daily lives. In this video clip...
Cancer and asbestos
Long-term exposure to asbestos is a cause of lung cancer and other serious illnesses...
Cancer and food
Diet can influence your risk of developing some cancers, but there is no evidence that specific foods can cause or cure cancer...
Cancer and heredity
Latest research suggests that most cancers are caused by environmental rather than genetic factors...
Disease clusters
Disease clusters are rare but can cause community concern about the possible effects of exposure to environmental hazards...
Prostate Cancer - Diagnosis (video)
In this video clip, participants discuss the events that led to them being tested for prostate cancer, whether that was regular PSA testing or in response to a GP recommendation...
Skin cancer - protecting outdoor workers
People who work outdoors are in one of the highest risk groups for skin cancer...
Skin cancer - risk factors
The major cause of skin cancer is over exposure to ultraviolet radiation from the sun or other sources, such as solariums...
Skin cancer - tanning
A suntan is a sign of skin damage ? there is no such thing as a 'safe' tan...
Smoking kills
Tobacco causes more illness and death than any other drug...
Screening and early detection
Biopsy
Before a biopsy, you need to discuss a range of issues with your doctor or surgeon...
Bowel cancer screening
The National Bowel Cancer Screening Program (NBCSP) offers kits for free to Australians between the ages of 50 and 74 years of age...
Breast Cancer - Early Diagnosis (video)
Being diagnosed with breast cancer can be overwhelming. Women, their partners and families need support to cope with the emotional impact of the illness on their daily lives. In this video clip...
Breast screening
A breast x-ray or mammogram every two years is recommended for women aged 50 to 69...
Breast Screen Victoria
BreastScreen Australia provides free mammograms and follow-up tests where necessary...
Cancer screening
The aim of cancer screening is to find cancer in its early stages...
Cervical screening tests
The cervical screening test protects up to 30 per cent more women than the Pap test...
Genetic testing for inherited cancer
A predisposition to certain cancers can be inherited via altered genes...
Living with Bowel Cancer - Treatment and Surgery (video)
Participants discuss their surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Each persons situation is different as were their treatment options. Participants share some of the side effects and also their...
Prostate Cancer - Diagnosis (video)
In this video clip, participants discuss the events that led to them being tested for prostate cancer, whether that was regular PSA testing or in response to a GP recommendation...
Cancer treatments
Breast cancer and oestrogen
There are different types of breast cancer, and around 70 per cent are sensitive to the female sex hormone oestrogen...
Breast Cancer - Early Diagnosis (video)
Being diagnosed with breast cancer can be overwhelming. Women, their partners and families need support to cope with the emotional impact of the illness on their daily lives. In this video clip...
Cancer pain management
A person with cancer who obtains pain relief
is likely to sleep better and have more energy during the day...
Cancer treatments - chemotherapy
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to destroy cancer cells...
Cancer treatments - radiotherapy
Radiotherapy uses precisely targeted x-rays to destroy cancer cells while reducing the impact of radiation on healthy cells...
Living with Bowel Cancer - Treatment and Surgery (video)
Participants discuss their surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Each persons situation is different as were their treatment options. Participants share some of the side effects and also their...
Palliative care – dealing with common symptoms
Some people prefer having palliative care at home because of the familiar environment, feeling of independence and close access to family, friends and the local community...
Prostate cancer - androgen deprivation therapy
One of the treatments for prostate cancer is androgen deprivation therapy (previously called hormone therapy)...
Prostate Cancer - Diagnosis (video)
In this video clip, participants discuss the events that led to them being tested for prostate cancer, whether that was regular PSA testing or in response to a GP recommendation...
Prostatectomy - for cancer
The aim of a radical prostatectomy is to remove the cancer before it spreads to other parts of the body...
Living with cancer
Breast Cancer - Early Diagnosis (video)
Being diagnosed with breast cancer can be overwhelming. Women, their partners and families need support to cope with the emotional impact of the illness on their daily lives. In this video clip...
Cancer and malnutrition
It is important for the health of people with cancer to eat well before, during and after cancer treatment...
Cancer - exercise to help you cope
People with cancer should be as physically active as their abilities and condition allow...
Cancer pain management
A person with cancer who obtains pain relief
is likely to sleep better and have more energy during the day...
Living with Bowel Cancer - Treatment and Surgery (video)
Participants discuss their surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Each persons situation is different as were their treatment options. Participants share some of the side effects and also their...
Lymphoedema
Women who have undergone treatment of breast cancer are particularly susceptible to lymphoedema of the arm...
Prostate Cancer - Diagnosis (video)
In this video clip, participants discuss the events that led to them being tested for prostate cancer, whether that was regular PSA testing or in response to a GP recommendation...
Related Information
Cancer
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth. Find out more about the different types of cancer, cancer risks and cancer tests and treatments...
Reproductive system - male
Puberty, infertility, penis, prostate and testicles...
Prostate cancer - androgen deprivation therapy
One of the treatments for prostate cancer is androgen deprivation therapy (previously called hormone therapy)...
Prostatectomy - for cancer
The aim of a radical prostatectomy is to remove the cancer before it spreads to other parts of the body...
Biopsy
Before a biopsy, you need to discuss a range of issues with your doctor or surgeon...
Home
Related information on other websites
Cancer Council of Victoria.
Healthymale - PSA test
Prostate Cancer Foundation of Australia .
Urological Society of Australia and New Zealand.
Support Groups
Prostate Cancer Foundation of Australia
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Healthymale (Andrology Australia)
Last updated:
May 2019
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
What happens after you're diagnosed with cancer? We've created guides to help you understand what should happen next
Click here to view the prostate cancer pathway
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 31 Mar 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/prostate-cancer-testing
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top