http://www.careclinicalresearch.com/internetprivacy.php
Home
General Information
Site Map
Jobs
General Inquiries
Mission Statement
Clinical Trials
Ongoing Trials
Participate In A Trial
FAQ
Primers
Resources
Antithrombotic Therapy
Introduction
Aspirin
Heparin
Thrombolytic Therapy
LMWH
Warfarin
Continuing Education
Introduction
Didactic Modules
Demonstrations
Login Screens
Contact
Internet Privacy Statement
CARE Clinical Research is committed to your privacy and values your trust. This privacy policy will detail our commitment and disclosure of information collected on this site and how it is used.
What We Collect
This web site combines as a patient resource site that voluntarily collects patient information. Health Records are collected under the jurisdiction of the Health Information and Privacy Act or HIPPA. You may view that separate document here.
The database and internet portion of this site collects IP addresses, email addresses and any information entered into forms during your visit on our site. All information collected by CARE Clinical Research is never disseminated to third parties unless specifically requested by you. CARE Clinical Research is a medical office and does not subscribe to advertisements or share information with vendors.
You may choose to have your information entered into a database to receive future updates of learning modules or clinical trials. All information is kept in strict confidence for our patients and customers. You may request your database profile to be deleted or updated by email to our site.
Medical algorithms and modules are provided on this site and are covered under our disclaimer which may be viewed here.
This site will on occasion collect information on pages you visited to aid in preparing the resource for better use.
Internet session ID’s and cookies may be collected to track your progress on this site. You may choose to set your browser to reject these tracking items however some parts of this site may become inaccessible.
CARE Clinical Research Respects your privacy rights and choices you make and encourages you to read privacy statements from this site and other web sites you may visit.
Security
CARE Clinical Research is
committed to protecting the security of your information and employs generally accepted Industry Standards in protecting your
information. Your
personal information is always secure with us. When you provide us with your sensitive information, we use Secure Socket Layering (SSL) to encrypt this information before it is sent over the internet. All contact information is only used for clinical trials or clinical education and is not disseminated to any third parties.
Medical Records
Privacy Statement:
HIPAA
Disclaimer
CARE Statement:
Disclaimer
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Care Clinical Research Material Copyright © 2018
Mobile Site
updated: 25th Jul 2018
CareInternet.net
Privacy | Disclaimer