http://www.kgh.on.ca/about-kgh/privacy-and-access-information/my-healthcare-information
Time to move on to a modern browser
This website contains features not supported by your current web browser. To view this website please use a more current version of web browser.
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer 11
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome / Privacy And Access To Information / My Health Care Information
My Health Care Information
Privacy of your Health Care Information
The Privacy Office ensures that the information contained in your medical record is protected. We take steps to protect your personal health information (PHI) from theft, loss and unauthorized access, copying, modification, use, disclosure and disposal. We also take steps to ensure that everyone who performs services for us protects your privacy and only uses your personal health information for authorized purposes. We conduct audits and complete investigations to monitor and manage our privacy compliance.
What is Personal Health Information?
Personal health information includes information such as your name, date of birth, address, health history and records of your visits to the hospital and the care that you received during those visits. Your medical record contains your personal health information.
How do I see or obtain a copy of my medical record?
The information about you contained in your medical record belongs to you. You have a right to access the information in your medical chart under the law, with some limited exceptions. In order to do so, please contact the Release of Information Department at Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) where they handle all requests for both hospital sites.
Release of Information
Kingston Health Sciences Centre
166 Brock St., Kingston, ON  K7L 5G2
Phone: 613-544-3400 extension 4125
Fax:  613-542-8071
Is there a form I need to fill out to access my health care information and where can I find it?
Yes. If you would like a copy of your medical record, please complete the form below and mail or fax it to the KHSC Release of Information Department or hand it in to the Medical Records Department on Kidd/Davis 1.
Request for Access to the Personal Health Record
How much will my medical information cost?
The law allows the hospital to charge a fee to recover costs. When you submit the form you will be informed if a fee applies.
Release of Information fee schedule
Can I send my medical record to others who may need it?
If you would like some or all of your medical record to be sent outside the hospital to your insurance company, lawyer or another hospital, please complete the form below:
Authorization to Release your Personal Health Information
Who has access to my medical record?
Only those who need it to provide you with health care. Your health care team needs access in order to plan and deliver your health care. This may include sharing your health information with:
Other approved health information organizations or providers (e.g. Community Care Access Centre, family physicians, community mental health)
eHealth Ontario provincial electronic health record and other regional health information repositories (e.g. South East Health Integration Information Portal (SHIIP))
Other allied health care professionals who will provide your follow-up care
Is my Personal Health Information used or shared for other purposes?
Yes. We may use or share your personal health information to:
Perform activities to improve and maintain the quality of the care that we deliver to you;
Conduct risk management activities;
Teach health care professionals (we use de-identified information where possible);
Plan, administer and manage our internal operations;
Obtain payment for delivery of your health care (e.g. from OHIP, WSIB or others);
Fund-raise to improve our health care services and programs (information limited to name and address);
To conduct research;
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Can I control how my information is used?
Yes. At any time you may withdraw your consent to share your personal health information for research, fundraising or patient satisfaction surveys, etc. To do so, please ask us in writing using the form below:
Withdrawal of Consent Form
Can I correct information in my medical record?
Yes. If you believe that factual information in your medical record is incorrect, you have the right to ask to have it corrected.
Request for Correction to Personal Health Record
Can I control who has access to my medical record?
Your first step is to complete the form below. An interview/discussion will be arranged with the Privacy Officer/delegate and you once the form has been completed.
Request to Lock Personal Health Information
How long do you keep my medical record?
There are laws that require us to retain records for periods of time; generally adult patient records are kept for 10 years following the last visit or death and children’s records are kept for 10 years past the child’s 18th birthday.
I am concerned that my health care information has been compromised or breached, what should I do?
If you have reason to believe your privacy has been breached or accessed by a person(s) unauthorized to do so without your consent, please contact the Privacy Office at:
Privacy and Freedom of Information Office
Kingston Health Sciences Centre
76 Stuart Street
Kingston, ON K7L 2V7
Phone: (613) 549-6666 or 1-800-567-5722 Ext. 2567
Fax: (613) 548-2445
Email: privacy@KingstonHSC.ca
You have the right to complain to the Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario if we have been unable to resolve your concern.
Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario
2 Bloor St. East, Suite 1400
Toronto, ON, M4W 1A8
Phone: 416-326-3333 or 1-800-387-0073
Fax: 416-325-9195
Website: www.ipc.on.ca
Who we are
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Innovation @ KHSC
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Patient and Family Advisory Council
Privacy And Access To InformationMy Healthcare Information
Freedom of Information
Health Information Network Provider (HINP)
Video Surveillance use at KHSC
Our Foundation
Have feedback about your experience or need to find out how to contact someone at the hospital?
Connect now
Whether you're here for a long stay or a short one, you have several parking options to choose from.
Parking at KGH
Parking at HDH
Whether you are travelling by car or bus, you should have no trouble finding us. We also have direct taxi lines in the main lobby.
Tell me more
Are you looking to find or get in touch with a patient or family member here at the hospital? There are different ways you can reach them.
Tell me more
Tweets by @KingstonHSC
© Kingston Health Sciences Centre, 2020. All rights reserved. Employee Self Service|
KHSCNow|
Webmail Access|
Board Portal|
Citrix|
Career Hub|
Terms and Conditions|
KnowledgeNow|
E-Pay Stub
Menu
Search
Are You A...
Connect