http://www.jacksonparkhospital.org/privacy-policy/
About us | Careers | Contact Us | Directions
Jackson Park Hospital
Find a Physician
Services
Behavioral Health
Diabetes Education/Treatment
Diagnostic Radiology
Emergency Services
Golden L.I.G.H.T. (SENIORS)
Hemodialysis
Medical Office Building
Medical Stabilization
Partial Hospitalization Program
Physical Therapy
Social Services
Surgical Services
Vascular Center
Patients & Visitors
Accepted Insurance
Advance Directives
Asistencia Financiera
Financial Assistance
Price Transparency
Medical Records
Patient Advocate
Patient Rights
Visitor Information - Updated
Medical Education
Medical Student Education
Medical Student Handbook
Things a Medical Student Should Know
Medical Student Resources
Community Benefit
Residency Program
Director's Message
Program Overview
Curriculum
Family Medicine
How to Apply
JPH Journal
Research Presentations
Residents' Album
Resident Links
For Professionals
Committee Meetings
Continuing Medical Education
PRINT
EMAIL
Home>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When accessing our Website, Jackson Park Hospital Foundation will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you:
1. The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
2. The date and time you access our site
3. The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.
If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message.
The information collected is for statistical purposes. Jackson Park Hospital Foundation may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, Jackson Park Hospital Foundation uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Jackson Park Hospital Foundation will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
Quick Links
I want to...Find a Phone NumberFind a ServiceFind a PhysicianFind Financial AssistanceFind Visitor InformationFind Career OpportunitiesGet DirectionsContact Us
Jackson Park Hospital
& Medical Center
7531 Stony Island Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60649
Telephone: (773) 947-7500
© 2020 Jackson Park Hospital Foundation. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Contact Us
|
Site Map
Website Design and Website Development by Americaneagle.com