http://www.shareyourlife.org/legal
Terms and Conditions of Use By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept and agree to be bound by, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions as set forth below and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Donate Life America (“DLA”) to the contrary of these Terms and Conditions of Use are superseded and of no force or effect. Internet Use PolicyYou may freely browse the Site and download information from this Site, including any text, images, audio, and video (the “Information”) for non-commercial, personal use. The content on the Site is copyrighted and may not be used without the written permission of the DLA. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without written permission of DLA. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of DLA. DLA neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with DLA. With the exception of the foregoing limited authorization, no license to or right in the Information, or any copyright of DLA or of any other party is granted or conferred to you.IN NO EVENT WILL DLA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TRANSPLANT LIVING WEB SITE OR THE CONTENT.Without limiting the foregoing, everything on this Site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply. While DLA uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, DLA makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the Information. DLA assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site. In particular, DLA will not be liable for the accuracy, completeness, adequacy, timeliness, or comprehensiveness of the Information contained on the Site.DLA also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site. DLA reserves the right to modify the information contained in this Site without notice, and makes no commitment to update the information contained in this Site. DLA does not accept responsibility or liability whatsoever for any interruption or discontinuance of any or all functionality of its Site, whether the result of actions or omissions of an entity of DLA or a third party.Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post becomes the property of DLA or its affiliates and may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.Any unauthorized use of any images on the Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are trademarks of DLA and its affiliates. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of DLA. Unauthorized use of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that DLA will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.This Site may contain links to other sites. Such links are meant solely for the user’s convenience. DLA has no control over, and is not responsible for the content found on external Sites. Because DLA has no control over and does not endorse any of the sites to which the Site is linked and because DLA has not reviewed any or all of the sites to which the Site is linked, you acknowledge that DLA is not responsible for the content of any off-Site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to the Site, off-Site pages or other sites is at your own risk and without the permission of DLA. By making use of any such links, you understand that the legal statement and privacy policy of the linked site will apply and which may be different from those of DLA. Links to such third party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval of such Sites or the contents thereof.Any reference to any institution, organization, entity, individual, product, brand, process, therapy, drug, or service does not constitute or imply any endorsement or recommendation. The names of health care centers, drug manufacturers, or treatment providers do not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation. Any opinions, advice, statements, services or other information provided by, or made by, a third party are those of the respective contributors or authors.Links to this Site are permitted only to the home page. You may not link to any other pages without the prior written consent of DLA.DLA respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Sites. This Policy outlines the information DLA may collect and how we may use that information. In some cases, we may automatically (i.e., not via registration) collect technical information when you connect to our Site that is not personally-identifiable such as the type of internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the Site from which you linked to our Site.The Web servers of DLA and its affiliates may collect the domain names of visitors to our Site. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time of visit, pages viewed, etc., in order to measure the use of the Site and improve content as may be necessary. DLA only collects personal information from our visitors who submit it on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone number and the like. Unless specifically stated, we do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our Site. DLA endeavors to make such personal information secure against unauthorized use and access. The personal information collected is only used for the specific purpose for which it is submitted. DLA and its affiliates do not sell or transmit personal information to other organizations.You will indemnify DLA from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, suits, actions, demands, proceedings, (whether legal or administrative) and expenses arising out of or relating to any use of any discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like contained on this Site, including any that may arise from a violation of this notice. Such claims shall include, but shall not be limited to, claims based upon trademark, service mark, trade name, copyright and patent infringement, trademark dilution, tortious interference with contract or prospective business relations, unfair competition, defamation or injury to reputation, misrepresentation or breach of warranty, or other injuries or damage to business.The laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia will apply to all matters relating to the use of this Site and you agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond, Virginia and to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Richmond Division. DLA may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Register NowWhy We Need Your HelpCurrently, more than 120,000 men, women and children are awaiting organ transplants in the United States.In 2015, 30,000 transplants brought new life to patients and their families (from 8,500 deceased and 6,000 living donors)About 58% of patients awaiting lifesaving transplants are minoritiesAnother person is added to the nation’s organ transplant waiting list every 10 minutesSadly, 8,000 people die each year - 22 people each day - because the organs they need are not donated in time.Each year, there are approximately 30,000 tissue donors and more than 1 million tissue transplants; the surgical need for donated tissue is steadily rising.48,000 patients have their sight restored through corneal transplants each year. *as of May 2016
Search Site
Privacy Policy
Legal 804.377.3580