https://www.highspiritsretreat.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Mette’s Institute of Bodywork and Personal Development Pty Ltd (hereinafter “the company”) understands how important your privacy is. That is why whenever we deal with any personal details, or information about you, we always act in accordance with the National Privacy Principles as stated in the Federal Privacy Act of 2000.
Your Personal Information
Personal Information is defined as any information or opinion about you. This can include a variety of general information, such as your address and phone number, to more detailed and sensitive information, such as your annual income or pre-existing medical conditions. The company will collect personal information from time to time, but only when a person actively submits the information. As a rule, we do not collect, nor have any use for, information about your religious orientation, sexual orientation, medical conditions, ethnic origin etc.
Who Collects Your Personal Information
Your personal information will only be collected by an authorised representative of the company. These representatives are generally employees of the company, who have been specifically trained to collect and deal appropriately with the sensitive nature of the information we require. Under no circumstances will your personal information ever be disclosed, sold or passed on to a third party, unless specifically and explicitly authorised by you.
How Your Information Will Be Collected
The company will only collect the information when customers of the company enter that information through the website. This information will be collected from you directly when you express an interest in becoming a client / customer of the company. Such information will be collected in a variety of ways:
Through registering your contact information and any other personal details online, through the Mette’s Institute website at www.mettesinstitute.com.au or High Spirits Retreat website at www.highspiritsretreat.com.au ;
When you complete an electronic, online form through the Mette’s Institute or High Spirits Retreat website at the above mentioned URL;
When you complete a hard copy, printed form obtained either directly from the company from a sales representative, or through the Mette’s Institute or High Spirits Retreat website at the above mentioned URL;
When you contact the company directly by phone or in person.
Storage
The company takes great care to store your personal information in such a way as to protect such information from unauthorised access. Your personal information will be stored in a combination of secure computer storage, paper based secure files and other secure recording devices. The company makes every effort to ensure your personal information is not lost, misused, stolen, disclosed or abused by anyone.
Using Your Personal Information
The company will only use the personal information you have provided in the following but not limited to, situations:
to advise clients / customers of up-coming exclusive and non-exclusive offers
to provide clients / customers with any information that they have requested
to assist clients / customers in any way in which they request assistance.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
The company will not disclose your personal information in any form, for any reason whatsoever. You personal details and email address will never be sold, traded, given away, disclosed to other users unless requested or allowed by you, or generally disclosed for any reason whatsoever.
Keeping Records
The company make all reasonable effort to ensure that any personal information that we collect, use and disclose, is correct. However, should any of the personal details and information that we collect, change in any way, it would be appreciated if you could advise the company so that our records can be updated and continue to be of service to you.
Gaining Access to Personal Information
Should you wish to access the personal information we have collected from you, for any reason whatsoever, following a written request, we shall act in accordance with the Federal Privacy Act and provide you with a copy of all relevant personal information we hold about you.
Contacting Us
Should you wish to access your personal information, please contact us.
Mette’s Institute 297 Sister Tree Creek Rd Kin Kin QLD 4571
Venue for Hire High Spirits Retreat is available for groups to hire out the venue, with a minimum hire of 3 nights. Contact us for more information.
Contact Mette’s Institute Phone: 07 5485 4800
International: +61 7 5485 4800
Email: info@highspiritsretreat.com.au
Scroll to top
CALL US
X