https://www.bodyandsolereflexology.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Body and Sole Reflexology
Skip to content
07957 164 621
HomeCovid-19DiscoverTreatmentsTestimonialsPricingGift VouchersContact Me
Menu
Privacy Policy
Home>Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.bodyandsolereflexology.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We collect names and email addresses submitted into the contact form. We use these details to reply to messages sent via the contact form.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics
https://analytics.google.com/analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with anyone outside this website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION – GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
GDPR is bringing in new legal protection for personal information from May 2018. This tells you what personal information I gather via my website,  and why, and what your rights are.
Therapist’s Name/Identity: Ruth Alabaster MAR
Therapist’s Contact Details:
Telephone No: 07957 164321
Email address: ruth@bodyandsolereflexology.co.uk
Address: 9 Shenleybury Farm Cottages, Shenleybury, Shenley, Hertfordshire WD7 9DL
Data Controller Contact Details: Ruth Alabaster MAR
The Purpose of processing Client Data
In order to give professional reflexology treatments, I will need to gather and retain potentially sensitive information about your health. I will only use this information for informing reflexology treatments and associated recommendations concerning aspects of health and wellbeing which I will offer to you.  I take basic contact details and information via my website to allow me to contact you and handle bookings.
Lawful Basis for holding and using Client Information
As a full member of the Association of Reflexologists, I abide by the AoR Code of Practice and Ethics. The lawful basis under which I hold and use your information is
my legitimate interests i.e.my requirement to retain the information in order to provide you with the best possible treatment options and advice
my requirement to hold your information for the following legal reasons ‘claims occurring’ insurance
law regarding children’s records
CNHC requirements to retain information
As I hold special category data (i.e. health related information), the Additional Condition under which I hold and use this information is: for me to fulfil my role as a health care practitioner bound under the AoR Confidentiality as defined in the AoR Code of Practice and Ethics.
What information I hold and what I do with it
In order to give professional reflexology treatments, I will need to ask for and keep information about your health. I will only use this for informing reflexology treatments and any advice I give as a result of your treatment. The information to be held is:
Your contact details
Medical history and other health-related information (which I will take from you at first consultation)
Treatment details and related notes (which I will take after each consultation)
I will NOT share your information with anyone else (other than within my own practice, or as required for legal process) without explaining why it is necessary, and getting your explicit consent.
Protecting Your Personal Data
I am committed to ensuring that your personal data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, I have put in place appropriate technical, physical and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you.
I will contact you using the contact preferences you give me in relation to:
Appointment times
Reflexology information or information related to your health
Special offers and promotions (you may unsubscribe from this at any time)
Your Rights
GDPR gives you the following rights:
The right to be informed: To know how your information will be held and used (this notice).
The right of access: To see your therapist’s records of your personal information, so you know what is held about you and can verify it.
The right to rectification: To tell your therapist to make changes to your personal information if it is incorrect or incomplete.
The right to erasure (also called “the right to be forgotten”): For you to request your therapist to erase any information they hold about you
The right to restrict processing of personal data:.You have the right to request limits on how your therapist uses your personal information
The right to data portability: under certain circumstances you can request a copy of personal information held electronically so you can reuse it in other systems.
The right to object:To be able to tell your therapist you don’t want them to use certain parts of your information, or only to use it for certain purposes.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office: To be able to complain to the ICO if you feel your details are not correct, if they are not being used in a way that you have given permission for, or if they are being stored when they don’t have to be.
Full details of your rights can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please use the contact details given above.
If you are dissatisfied with the response you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office; their contact details are at:  www.ico.org.uk
THERAPIST’S RIGHTS
Please note:
if you don’t agree to your therapist keeping records of information about you and your treatments, or if you don’t allow them to use the information in the way they need to for treatments, the therapist may not be able to treat you
Your therapist has to keep your records of treatment for a certain period  as described above, which may mean that even if you ask them to erase any details about you, they might have to keep these details until after that period has passed
Your therapist can move their records between their computers and IT systems, as long as your details are protected from being seen by others without your permission.
Search for:
Follow Us
Calendar
September 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
282930
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 - Body and Sole Reflexology
Close Menu
Home
Covid-19
Discover
Treatments
Testimonials
Pricing
Gift Vouchers
Contact Me
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks