https://www.northshorechildguidance.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
loading...
Site Information: Privacy Statement
North Shore Child & Family Guidance Center (NSC&FGC) recognizes that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we use that information. By visiting www.northshorechildguidance.org, you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may be changed or updated at any time.
Personal Information
We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. If you make a donation, register for an event or register for our newsletter, for example, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. If you provide personal information, we may enter that information into our constituent database and contact you in order to:
Complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes
Supply you with information, including NSC&FGC news, events and services
Request voluntary time or monetary contributions to NSC&FGC
Our Policies
NSC&FGC uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors and donors. We will not intentionally disclose your personal information to any third parties and will take reasonable steps to prevent the accidental disclosure of this information. This includes name, address, financial information, and email address. However, NSC&FGC may disclose such information as it is required to do so by law.
Standard web server traffic pattern information
NSC&FCG may collect standard web server traffic pattern information, including general traffic patterns, site usage and length of stay information. This type of information is used to help NSC&FGC improve the functionality of our web site and such information is not linked to any individual visitors.
Security
NSC&FGC has implemented generally accepted standards of security to protect personally identifiable information from misuse or loss. Our staff is educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and only those authorized by NSC&FGC are provided access to personally identifiable information. Authorized NSC&FGC staff will not share your personal information with any other person or group under any circumstances.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns at info@northshorechildguidance.org