https://www.wma.net/privacy-policy/
What We Do
Medical Ethics Declaration of Geneva Declaration of Helsinki Declaration of Tokyo Declaration of Taipei
Human Rights Right to Health Physicians in Distress Torture Prevention Women and Health LGBT
Public Health Non-Communicable Diseases Communicable Diseases Climate Change Chemicals Green Health Social Determinants
Health Systems
Caring Physicians of the World Initiative
Campaigns Influenza Health Care in Danger African Forum Project
Events
Education WCEA CME Courses Medical Ethics Manual Medical Ethics Course CPW Leadership Course Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis Course Tuberculosis Refresher Course Prison Medicine Antimicrobial Resistance Course Training and Resources in Research Ethics Evaluation Health Care in Danger Tobacco Green Doctor Anti-counterfeit Workplace Wellness Social Determinants of Health Course
Activity Reports
WMA Strategic Plan
Policy
Current Policies
Council Resolutions
Archived Policies
Archived Council Resolutions
Publications
World Medical Journal
Medical Ethics Manual
WMA Annual Reports
Background Documents
Toolkits
WMA DoH 1964-2014
Speaking Books
News & Press
Press Contact
Press Releases
Media Mentions
Speeches, Talks, Interviews
Interventions, WHA73 (resumed) November 2020
Blogs
Who We Are
About us
Members
Structure
Leaders
Official Advisors (2019-2020)
Secretariat
History General Assemblies Past Leaders Honoured Guests Officials
Alliance and Partners Official Relationship Partners
Junior Doctors
About Us
Members
Publications
News(letters)
Meetings
Links
Contact Us
Members' Area
Sign Up
Working Documents
Standing Documents Terms of Reference
Guides and Forms
Services & Events Workgroup Information Event-related Information WMA Calendar Invitations to External Meetings
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how The World Medical Association Inc. (WMA) uses and protects any information that you give to us when you use this website.
Data processing and purpose
WMA is committed to respecting the privacy of visitors to its website, www.wma.net
The processing of information relating to identified or identifiable natural persons (“personal data”) collected through this website, is subject to the French law including the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
When you visit the WMA website we store information related to your behaviour based on your IP address: the pages you visit, the time spent on the pages and the location. WMA may collect certain personal data such as name, address, organisation and e-mail address through contact and registration forms on this website.
The personal data collected by WMA are used to process your questions efficiently, keep you up-to-date with WMA events, news, press releases and other information that may be of interest to you. You will be able to choose which data you want to receive from us.
The time your data is kept
WMA only keeps the data for the time required for the pursuance of the above objectives. You can unsubscribe yourself at any time from services to which you have subscribed.
Transfer of your personal data
Your information is treated with the utmost confidentiality and will only be passed on to third parties with your consent or if we are required by law to do so.
Your rights
You have the right to information about, access to, rectification and portability of your data and the right to be forgotten. This can be done by contacting us at secretariat@wma.net or at
World Medical Association, 13A, chemin du Levant, 01210 Ferney-Voltaire, France.
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible at the above e-mail address. We will take appropriate steps to correct or to delete any information found to be incorrect.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Amendment of the Privacy Policy
WMA reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy in order to comply with applicable privacy laws.
Back to Top
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Decline
Allow Cookies