http://www.pets.ca/privacy-policy
My Pets:
Login
Register
Help
Sign-up for our FREE Newsletter!
Enter Our Contest!
Pets.ca
Home
Dogs
Dog Articles
Dog Tips
Dog Parks
Dog Encyclopedia
Dog Nutrition
Dog Breed Profiles
Cats
Cat Articles
Cat Tips
Cat Encyclopedia
Cat Breed Profiles
Birds
Fish
Exotic Pets
Pet Blog
Pet Blog Posts
Pet Podcast
Pet Video Podcast
Newsletter
Pet Photos
Pet Cemetery
Exotic Photos
Cat Photos
Dog Photos
Pets 411
Forum
Store
View all Categories
Charms for Dogs and Cats
Homeopathic Pet Products
Pet ID Tags
Privacy Policy and Secutiry
Home
Privacy Policy and Secutiry
Send this page to a friend
Pets.ca has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.Pets.ca
Pets.ca will never sell or give your e-mail address (or any other information about you) to anyone else without your permission. Period. Our site’s registration forms require users to give us such contact information as name and e-mail address. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user the information requested. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. We do not send additional advertising or company information unless you specifically give us permission to do so. We do not sell or rent any of our contact lists. Every form includes a check box in which the question “would you like to receive additional information from selected pets.ca sponsors?” is included. The user simply has to check this box and NO information will be e-mailed to the visitor.
This site contains links to other sites. We are in no way responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures including 128 bit encryption in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We do not share our information with any other companies.
Corrections/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Please specify exactly where the information needs to be changed.
Copyright Information
Copyright information is available here.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, or with this company, you can contact Marko Kulik, President, Pets.ca
Pet of the Day
Molly Bean
Create a Page for Your Pet
Enter Our Contest!
Win 75 dollars of Pet Merchandise
Join our forum to win $75. dollars of Pet Merchandise - It's fun, free, educational and addictive :)
Enter Now
Pets 411
Be sure to check out the pet businesses near you!
List Your Business
Dog Parks Near You
Be sure to check out the dog parks near you!
Find Dog Parks
Featured Product
Pet ID Tags for Dogs and Cats
Your pet will look sharp wearing one of these unique pewter/brass finish metal tags.
View these Products
Pet Articles
Teaching a Pet Parrot Basic Etiquette
Caring for Newborn Kittens
Chlamydophila Psittaci in Birds
Grapes Raisins and Kidney Failure in Dogs
Feeding Senior Pets
Designer Dog Breeds
Dog clothing is essential
Pets.ca Blog
Are you your Dog’s Waiter?
Old Dogs and New Tricks
Seasonal Allergies in Cats and Dogs
Ottawa Humane Society Warns of Dangers of Leaving Dogs in Cars
Heart Worm Disease – What You Need to Know
Treats for Training your Dog
Correcting Jumping Dogs
Pet Tips
Pain aggression in dogs – Pet tip 257
Drugs that fight parasites – Pet tip 256
You JUST got a new dog – Don’t freak out – Pet tip 255
Don’t Over-exercise your Puppy – Pet tip 254
Service Dogs and Autistic Children – Pet Tip 253
Miscellaneous
About Pets.ca
Advertise
Ask the Vet
Contact Us
Copyright © 2000-2020 Pets.ca. All Rights Reserved. | Copyright & Legal Statement | Privacy Policy & Security