https://www.bounty.com/info/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home>
Bounty Privacy Policy
See more
Bounty Privacy Policy
It's all about you. A guide to your Privacy at Bounty
Share
back to Important Information
Bounty Privacy Policy
Bounty Partners
Customer Contact Centre
Bounty Privacy Policy
ICO - FAQ
The Bounty Promise
Cookie Policy
Customer Testimonials
JoyAtHomeShoot Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Back
Share
PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE BOUNTY JOY LIMITED WEBSITE AND BOUNTY SERVICES
Please read our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following Bounty websites:
Bounty.com
JoyAtHomeShoot UK
Bounty Photography
Protecting your Privacy
At Bounty, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of our Bounty Members.
Our Bounty Promise, which can be found here, sets out how we will carefully look after the personal information you share with us and this is our ongoing commitment to you. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is essential in order to do that.
Bounty has been helping mums to understand, adapt to and enjoy their pregnancy and new family life for more than sixty years, originally providing free Bounty sample packs and in more recent times adding great digital resources like our app and website.
To do this we need to collect certain personal information and we think it's really important that we help you understand the information we collect, how we use it, and how you have control over it.
The Data Protection Act (DPA) 2018 sets out the framework for data protection law in the UK and came into effect on 25 May 2018. It sits alongside the GDPR, and tailors how the GDPR applies in the UK. This Privacy Policy explains how we meet our commitments to you under this legislation.
We hope our Privacy Policy answers any questions you have, but if not, please do get in touch with us by emailing us at privacy@bounty.com. For all our services, the data controller - the company that's responsible for your privacy - is Bounty JOY Limited.
It's likely that we'll need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time and whilst we'll notify you of any significant changes, you're welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.
This policy was last updated on the: 23rd November 2020
Your rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information, and we thought we'd start by setting these out for you:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you. You can do this by contacting privacy@bounty.com
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through My Profile or by contacting privacy@bounty.com)
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through My Profile, and to change your preferences in respect of the processing of your data at any time
The right to complain to your data protection regulator - in the UK, the Information Commissioner's Office
If
you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions,
please contact us by emailing privacy@bounty.com
About your information
Firstly, we will not sell your personal information to any of our Bounty Partners.
Other Membership Clubs
We work with a small number of other Membership Clubs and we offer you the option to join any of these clubs during our registration process. This is completely optional. If you decide to join any of these other Membership Clubs, your information will be shared with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to your acceptance of the relevant Membership Club's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. If you have opted to join any of these Membership Clubs the respective Membership Club will also become data controller of your information and your relationship with them will be governed by their Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Currently, the Membership Clubs you may join during our registration process are:
Ickle Bubba and Huggies
Service Providers
We do work with a number of service providers who help us to deliver our services to you including:
-
the printers who print the beautiful newborn portraits taken in hospital;
- technology service providers who enable us to provide you our services, including those who provide our:
Infrastructure hosting
Data storage & transfers
Business Continuity support
Application Software
Appointment scheduling, Shopping basket, Analytics etc
Software Engineering / Support
Software Testing
- payment service providers which process payments, insight and analytics providers and delivery companies which deliver any products that you may purchase from us.
It is essential that we share certain information with these companies purely to enable us to provide our services to you.
Bounty Partners
Depending on which communications you have told us you would like to receive, we may, on behalf of other companies with whom we have trusted relationships (Bounty Partners), send you information about their products and services that we think you will be interested in. These communications will come direct from us and your personal data will stay safe and secure with us.
Our team are always looking for new partners that have information, offers and services to help you and your new family on your journey. This may include companies within the following industries/retail sectors:
automotive
charitable organisations
comparison websites
educational and childcare institutions
electricity, gas, water and multi-utility companies
fashion and leisure goods
financial services providers
food producers
general marketing
general retailers
health and welfare
household goods
insurance providers
marketing agencies
mobile telecommunication companies
professional photography
research
travel and leisure pursuits
We always maintain an up to date list of the specific Bounty Partner and other companies that we are currently working with which can be found here. We encourage you to check this list regularly to ensure that you remain fully informed.
Other third parties
In some circumstances the structure of our business may change.
This may be due to a reorganisation, sale or merger of our business, or an acquisition by us of another business.
If this change occurs then we may share your personal information with other companies in the reorganised group, which may include new owners of our business, in order to continue to provide our services to you and to undertake the other activities described in this privacy policy.
Where our collection or processing of your personal information is based upon your consent, you agree that your consent extends to those other companies who may use your personal information in the same way and for the same purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
Those other businesses will be required to notify you (or else publicise in general) their identity and contact details within one month of the change in our business structure, unless it proves impossible to do so.
What kind of information do we collect and why?
We use your information in a number of different ways - what we do depends on the information. The tables below set this out in detail showing what we do and why we do it
Your name and contact details
How we use your name and contact details
Details
Name, postal address, email address and phone number
Name, postal address and email address:
This
may be used for marketing and/or service communications (depending on the
preferences you have set)
Phone number:
Your
telephone number will be used:
To contact you in the event of a
product recall or similarly urgent safety issue
If you
have had a Bounty Portrait session or a JoyAtHomeShoot session this may also be used for service
communications regarding your order
If you have consented to receive direct marketing from us (or if you have previously purchased goods or services from us or taken initial steps to do so), we may use your telephone number to call you or send you direct marketing messages.
To send
you your order if you purchase products or services from us.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. E.g. if you purchased products from our Bounty Portrait Service we need to use your address to send them to you
To send
you service messages by text, e-mail or through our app, such as order updates
We've
got to do this to perform our contract with you i.e. so we can tell when your
order is coming, or let you know if there are any problems with
it
To send
you information by email or post, about our and our Bounty Partners' products
and services
If
you chose to join the Bounty Pregnancy & Parenting Club and said you would
like to be contacted by post or email, to enable us to send you relevant
communications, or if you have previously purchased goods or services from us or taken initial steps to do so.
Personalisation when sending you information by email or post, about our and our Bounty Partner's products and services
To ensure that the communications we are sending you are relevant to you. E.g. information is aligned to your stage of pregnancy.
To audit
the distribution of our free Bounty Packs in hospital
We
have a contractual obligation to the clients that provide the free samples in
our hospital Bounty Packs, to ensure that our packs are being fairly distributed
to real people. We never give your data to
them
To
send your information to any Membership Club you have opted to join during our registration process
We work with a small number of other Membership Clubs and we offer you the option to join any of these clubs during our registration process. This is completely optional. If you decide to join any of these other Membership Clubs, your information will be shared with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to your acceptance of the relevant Membership Club's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. If you have opted to join any of these Membership Clubs the respective Membership Club will also become data controller of your information and your relationship with them will be governed by their Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Currently, the Membership Clubs you may join during our registration process are:
Ickle Bubba and Huggies
Information about you and your family
How we use details about you and your family
Details
Your date of birth:
Age validation
Account management
Personalisation when sending you information by email or post, about our and our Bounty Partner's products and services
To
confirm that you are old enough to join Bounty as regulation means that we
cannot offer our services to anyone under the age of
16 (or 18 for our JoyAtHomeShoot Portrait Services)
To
help us to ensure that your data is held consistently across our
systems
To
personalise and ensure the relevance of the information and services that we
provide to you e.g. some products and services are more popular with mums in
different age groups
Your due date, your baby's date of birth, whether you are pregnant, have children, and if so the number of children and their ages and, once you have given birth, if you had a boy or a girl and your baby's name:
Personalisation
when sending you information by email, post or push notification, about our and
our Bounty Partner's products and services
We
use this information to help personalise and ensure the relevance of the
information and services we provide to you e.g. the weekly baby development
emails or offers and promotions.
We
also analyse all of the beautiful first names that you give your new babies. We
do this so that we can help other parents with that exciting but sometimes
tricky task of choosing their own baby's name e.g. publishing each year's most
popular names.
You
don't have to give us this personal information but if you don't you are
unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience.  But that is
your choice – and we respect that.
Membership Clubs
If you chose to join any Membership Clubs during our registration process and
agreed to provide them with details about you and your family we will share this
with them to enable them to personalise the services they provide to you.
Bounty portrait Images
If you choose to have a Bounty Portrait session or a JoyAtHomeShoot session,
your images may, depending on the services you have ordered, be stored by us on our technology platform for you to view, access or share and may be used for internal training purposes. They will not be used for any other purpose without your written permission.
Your payment information
How we use your payment information
Details
Take payment and give refunds
We need to do this to perform our contract with you
Your contact history with us
What you've said to us - for example, over the phone, on email, or on social media.
How we use your contact history
Details
Provide customer service and support
We've
got to do this to keep a record of what we have discussed and to perform our
contract with you, after all, you expect the best service from
us
Train our staff
So that, when
you contact us, you get the best possible customer service
When you use our App
How we use information about your mobile device, and how you use our app
Details
Your Mobile Device: The
device ID we collect is anonymised but we will collect information about the
type of device and operating system version you are using
So
that we can diagnose issues, which are sometimes specific to different types of
mobile device and the versions of the operating system they are running. It
also helps us to ensure the app gives you the best experience
User Files: If you give us your permission the app can access your camera or your photos, but
only when you are choosing a specific image for the purpose we are asking. We will not have access to the files on your device
So that you can upload a profile picture
Location Services: If you give it your permission the App can access your location.
So
that we can give you information relevant to your location e.g. your nearest
hospital or vouchers and Bounty Packs that you can redeem from a location near
to
you
Your
device allows you to control whether our App accesses your location or not. You
will be prompted to allow the App to access your location. If you wish to
change this at any time after your initial choice you can do this in your device settings.
Analytics: Some information is collected passively as you navigate the App. We refer to these as measuring tools and they include logs and analytics software.
We use these measuring tools to understand how you use the App so we can improve it in future updates e.g. which articles and features are most popular and when people redeem their Bounty packs.
We use a service called Localytics - it is not possible to opt-out of reporting by Localytics. If you are not happy to be included in reporting please do not use our app. Your personal data is not shared with Localytics. For information on Localytics please view their Privacy Policy at https://www.localytics.com/privacy-policy/
Aggregated data may be shared with our partners or other 3rd parties.
App Notifications:  If you have given us permission we will send you push notifications
To
keep you up to date with what's new in the app and other parts of your Bounty
experience e.g. new offers and vouchers, new articles, when your next Bounty
Pack is available
etc.
You can
change these settings at any time within the 'My Profile' section of the app,
go to 'App Notifications' and choose which notifications you want to receive.
Notice regarding the App
The
App is not intended for users under 16 years of age. We will not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information via the App from visitors in this
age group. We do however collect information about children from their parents.
We ask that our users do not provide information about a child without first
obtaining consent from the child's parents. Please read this Privacy Policy
carefully before using the App.
When you use our Websites
How we use information about your device, and how you use our websites
Details
When
you use any of our Websites, we gather certain information about you including details
of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the
website (URL) you came from and go to and the parts of the Website you visit.
We may also gather statistics, traffic patterns and related website information.
So
that we can diagnose issues, which are sometimes specific to different types of
device you are using to access our site and the versions of the operating
system and browser they are
running
We
may also use it to ensure the website gives you the best experience e.g. the
content we show you and the advertisements that you
see
A
cookie is a small file, which is stored by your browser on your computer's hard
drive. We use cookies in accordance with our Cookies Policy which can be found here.
We
use cookies to store information such as your user ID and your session
identifiers. Our site is designed to bring you personalised content and communications.
You
may change your cookies settings by following the instructions set out in the
Cookie Policy. However, if you select this setting your experience of the
website may be affected. For example, you may be unable to access certain parts
of the website, the website will not be tailored to bring you the most relevant
communications and you will need to log in each time you use the website rather
than remain logged in. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it
will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our
website.
Analysis
We
use Google Analytics and Crazy Egg to capture information on how people
interact with our Site.  This includes traffic patterns, purchases, and
related Site information.  The information is for analytical and statistical purposes
only.
When Interacting with emails
How we use your information
Details
When interacting with Bounty emails we gather information on your interactions with the email, such as whether you have opened, clicked, unsubscribed or made a purchase.
We use this information to ensure your account preferences are up to date. This is also used to allow us to tailor content to you.
Anonymised and aggregated data
We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services.
What kind of information do we use from other sources and why?
We may obtain additional information about you from other reputable data sources including insight and analytics providers such as CACI. This information may relate to your demographics and lifestyle interests and be matched to our records to enhance our understanding of the sorts of products and services you may be interested in and to provide you with a more personalised experience.
The data these companies might hold about you may be personal data such as names and addresses collected from publicly available sources, such as the Edited Electoral Register. It might also include non-personal anonymised data from research surveys.
If you do not want us to obtain this additional lifestyle information from these reputable data sources, and use as described above, you can request we stop this activity by contacting our Privacy Team - privacy@bounty.com or Write to us: Bounty JOY Ltd, 3rd Floor | 1 Ashley Road | Altrincham | Cheshire | WA14 2DT.
What kind of communications does Bounty send?
If you joined Bounty and depending on the communication preferences you have set, we'll send you information by email, by app push notifications and / or through the post. The following section gives more detail of the types of information we will provide you with.
Baby Development
This popular, personalised weekly email series explains how your baby will grow and develop - and other useful parenting articles that we think you'll like and find helpful
Bounty Offers
Never miss an amazing offer – we've got all the latest deals from the brands mums love
Bounty News
Get the latest updates on new features products and services that we've been working on for you and notifications of when your next Bounty pack is ready to collect
Bounty Portrait & JoyAtHomeShoot Portrait Services
Receive special offers, news on related innovative products and services, to hep you order the beautiful photos we take for you to treasure.
Bounty Partner promotions
Bounty will send you emails with offers/ promotions on behalf of our carefully selected Bounty partners related to: mother and baby and family products and services. We will never share your personal data with these partners. A full list of current partners can be found here.
By Post
If you have opted to hear from us by post, from time to time, we may post you money-off vouchers, news of retailers' baby events and other family products and services e.g. financial services and family photography services.
How can I see and update my Bounty membership information?
If you registered via the App or any of our Bounty.com website, you can view, amend and/or delete any personal information you have provided us with at any time by editing My Profile and selecting ‘My account’ or ‘Edit my details’.
On the App you can edit your preference for the way we can contact you via ‘My Profile’ and ‘Communication preferences’, and you can choose which app push notifications you want to receive in ‘App notifications’.
Regardless of how you registered, all members can view and amend their communication preferences at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email from Bounty.
Please note that, as Bounty comprises a number of inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.
What happens if I change my mind?
We make it easy for you to control your communication preferences or unsubscribe at any time
By clicking the unsubscribe option at the bottom of any email – this will give you the option to choose between unsubscribing from the specific types of email or all emails or
Go to Bounty.com and log in via the button in the top right of the screen. Use the same email address and password as the one you used to register or log in on the App. Once logged in, edit your profile by clicking on your user name in the top right corner. You can then amend your contact preferences or
Within the 'My Profile' section of the App, go to 'edit details' and select 'no' to receiving free samples and offers
Please note that, as Bounty comprises a number of inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.
Important note regarding other Membership Clubs
you may have opted to join: If you have opted to join an additional Membership Club during our registration process your details will have been shared with that Membership Club and you will need to unsubscribe separately from each Membership Club. The Bounty unsubscribe process set out above applies only to communications from Bounty and from Bounty on behalf of Bounty Partners. If you require any assistance in unsubscribing from any Membership Club you opted to join please contact them directly.
How can I update my JoyatHomeShoot service registration details
If you have registered for our JoyatHomeShoot service you can contact us at Joy@bounty.com to request us to amend and/or delete any personal information you have provided us if you so wish. See also Your Rights above.
You can unsubscribe from any of our JoyatHomeShoot email communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any JoyatHomeShoot email which we may send you
International Transfers
We share your personal data with external service providers. This will involve transferring your data outside the UK and outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK/EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission or the UK’s ICO. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission/UK ICO which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Please contact us by emailing privacy@bounty.com if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK/EEA.
Details of those service providers which we are working with who are located outside the UK/EEA are as follows:
Oracle Corporation
Localytics
ActiveCampaign
Calendly
Kustomer
Shopify
Microsoft
Joy Home Inc
Keeping your Bounty membership information
As a pregnancy and parenting club we provide information about products and services relevant to pregnant women and women with children up to the age of five and will therefore retain and process your information until your child reaches the age of 5. If you have shared information about multiple children in your family, we will continue to share information with you about products and services that are relevant to your children up to each child's fifth birthday.
During this time, in addition to communications relevant to having children of a certain age, we will also continue to send you information relevant to you as an individual and parent, as well as whole family related communications (e.g. family friendly holidays) unless of course you tell us that you no longer wish to be a member of Bounty or you unsubscribe from specific communications.
Once your youngest child reaches the age of five we will permanently delete all of the data we hold on you and all members of your family.
In the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Services team, we will retain your information for as long as is necessary to provide support or support-related reporting and trend analysis only.
Keeping your JoyatHomeShoot service information
If you have used this service or have contacted us with a view to doing so we will retain your information for four years, unless required to do so longer to comply with any legal requirement (such as for tax or audit purposes).
Security
The security of your personal information is very important to us, and we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  We cannot guarantee the security of any personal information you disclose online and any transmission of your personal information is at your own risk. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
There is a specific option to contact us about data privacy concerns from within the “contact us” feature in the app. In addition to this anyone with concerns or questions over data privacy issues can contact our privacy team on privacy@bounty.com
Any data security breach incidents reported through any of these channels, regardless of their perceived severity, invoke a specific data security breach response procedure with DPO and executive management all in the immediate escalation and response chain.
We store data in the Cloud and in our central online database hosted securely by our ISO 27001 accredited hosting partner. There is a secure transfer process to synchronise the data and all personally identifiable data is encrypted in transit, using recognised industry standards and protocols.
Lawful basis of Processing
Activity
Basis
Data collection
Collection of information in respect of photography sales, directly from the individual
Contract
Collection of information in respect of Bounty Club membership, directly from the individual
Consent
Collection of due date/pregnancy status in respect of the Bounty Club, directly from the individual
Consent
Collection of data relating to minor children in respect of the Bounty Club, directly from the individual
Parental consent
Collection of data relating to the individual including geolocation and online behaviour, via cookies and similar technologies
Consent
Data processing
Processing of contact details in order to provide purchased photographs and our JoyAtHomeShoot Portrait services to individuals
Contract
Processing of due date and pregnancy status details in order to target discounts, offers and pregnancy/child development information according to due date and for research and statistical analysis in respect of such targeting
Consent
Processing of contact details in order to send electronic unsolicited direct marketing communications
Consent
Processing of contact details in order to send physical direct marketing communications to Bounty Club members or JoyAtHomeShoot customers
Consent
Processing of contact details in order to send solicited direct marketing (such as a request for a catalogue)
Consent
Placement of Strictly Necessary cookies
Strictly Necessary exemption
Placement of Communication cookies
Communication exemption
Placement of functionality, performance and targeting/marketing cookies
Consent
Operations and service communications
Legitimate interest
Regulatory and other legally obligated communications
Legal obligation
Management of risks, service levels, performance and other similar reasonable business activities
Legitimate Interest
Data transfers
Providing personal data to third parties for the purposes of sending direct marketing communications
Consent
Providing personal data to third parties for the purposes of providing services such as the website and app
Consent
Providing personal data to third parties for legally mandated purposes such as in response to a court order
Legal obligation
How to Contact Us
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint
please don't hesitate to contact us and we will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Privacy Team - privacy@bounty.com
Write to us:
Bounty JOY Ltd
3rd Floor
1 Ashley Road
Altrincham
Cheshire
WA14 2DT
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement