http://www.cdc.gov/pcd/subscriptions/email_privacy_policy.htm
Skip directly to site content
Skip directly to page options
Skip directly to A-Z link
Preventing Chronic Disease
Section Navigation
CDC Home
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Syndicate
E-mail Privacy Policy
Minus
Related Pages
We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal information to any third party individual, government agency, or company at any time. We will use your e-mail address solely to communicate Preventing Chronic Disease information. The CDC will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable federal law.
If you have any additional questions, please refer to the CDC Privacy Policy or contact us at pcdeditor@cdc.gov.
The opinions expressed by authors contributing to this journal do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the Public Health Service, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or the authors’ affiliated institutions.
Page last reviewed:
March 27, 2015 Content source:
National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion
homePCD
View Current Volume
Subscribe to PCDplus icon
E-mail Privacy Policy
PCD RSS Feed
Content Syndication
Issue Archive
About the Journalplus icon
PCD Editor in Chief
PCD Staff
Associate Editors
Editorial Board
Statistics Review Committee
Editorial Policy
Year In Review
Author’s Cornerplus icon
General Information
Types of Articles
Manuscript Requirements
How to Submit an Inquiry
How to Submit a Manuscript
Top 20 Manuscript Problems
Visual Abstracts
For Peer Reviewersplus icon
Call for Peer Reviewers
General Guidelines
Peer Review Checklists
Review a Manuscript
PCD Collections
Announcements
Medscape CME Activity
FAQs
Contact Us
Get Email Updates
To receive email updates about this page, enter your email address:
Email Address
What’s this?
Submit
Connect with Us
Subscribe to RSS
PCD Sound Bites
PCD on Facebook
PubMed Central
Additional Resources
Emerging Infectious Diseases Journal
Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR)
Vital Signs
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Exit Notification/Disclaimer Policy
Close
Links with this icon
indicate that you are leaving the CDC website.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.
Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link.
CDC is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website.
For more information on CDC's web notification policies, see Website Disclaimers.
Cancel
Continue