http://www.lupus.org.uk/terms-of-use
All About Lupus
What is Lupus
Symptoms of Lupus
Treatment for Lupus
Diagnose and Monitor Lupus
Causes of Lupus
Living with Lupus
Discoid Lupus
Drug induced Lupus
Kidneys / Lupus Nephritis
Heart / Lupus
Lungs / Lupus
Lupus Flares
Cats with Lupus
Dogs with Lupus
About Lupus Trust
FAQ
People
People Overview
Children / Lupus
Pregnancy / Lupus
Men / Lupus
Ethnic Groups / Lupus
Celebrities with links to Lupus
Patient Stories
Lifestyle
Diet / Lupus
Weight loss diet / Lupus
Exercise / Lupus
Fatigue / Lupus
Hair loss / Lupus
News & Blog
News & Blog
Research from Around the world
UK Research / Lupus Trust
Contact
Research
UK Research News
Global Lupus Research News
Lupus Research Team
History of Lupus
Donate
Terms of Use1. Information about usThis website is operated by the Lupus Trust, the charity is under the auspices of Guy's and St Thomas' Charity, registered charity number 1160316 and company number 09341980, registered office 2nd floor, 9 Kings Head Yard, London, SE1 1NA (references to 'us', 'we' or 'our' being construed accordingly). The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.2. What are these Terms of Use for?These terms of use govern your use of this website and any content or material that you may submit or access through this Website. Please note that we may amend or modify these terms of use from time to time and accordingly you should check for the latest version.3. Our agreement to youWe agree to provide you with access to our website in accordance with these terms of use. You are granted a personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable right to access our website and use any applications, information, data, graphics, images, photographs, video and other audio or visual material on our website (‘Content’) solely for your own non-commercial use.If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply these terms of use and to observe any other terms and conditions, policies or third party terms of use appearing on our website, including our Privacy Policy. In the event of conflict or inconsistency with any other terms or policies, these Terms of Use shall prevail.We cannot guarantee that this website or content will be available or function on an uninterrupted or error free basis.4. DisclaimerYou accept and agree that: Content appearing on this website is not intended to constitute medical advice and should not be deemed a substitute for individual diagnosis or medical care plans for any person who is diagnosed with lupusUsers should always seek the advice of a qualified physician based on their individual circumstances prior to starting any new treatment or consult them on any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.The Lupus Trust accepts no responsibility or liability for any loss which may result from reliance on any of the content contained in or accessed through this website.It shall be your own responsibility to choose how to use any content. You acknowledge that such content may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors.Your use of any content on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.You will not act in any way that interferes with the operation of this website or which in our reasonable opinion has or is likely to have an adverse impact on any of its users.We are not liable for this website or content not being available or functioning due to technical issues or other events beyond our control.5. Intellectual property rightsThis website contains content which is owned by or licensed to us including. The intellectual property rights in relation to any content (including rights relating to any inventions, copyright material, business names, trade marks, goodwill, designs, domain names, databases, know-how and other intellectual property rights, whether registered or unregistered, existing anywhere in the world) belong to us or our licensors (as the case may be).Other than as is expressly referred to this these terms of use, you must not copy, modify, distribute, broadcast, publicly display, share or make available, rent or lend, republish, frame, provide links to or upload any parts of our website or commercially exploit any content without our prior written consent.6. Third party links and resources in our siteFrom time to time this website may include links to other third party websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. Such links do not signify that we endorse any business, product or service appearing on such third party websites and we accept no liability for your use of these websites, which will be subject to their own terms and conditions.7. Sending information to us Where you choose to provide us with any information relating to you, from which you can be identified (‘Personal Data’), you agree that this will stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.8. Exclusions and limitation of liability To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude liability (on our own behalf and on behalf of our employees, agents, or representatives) for any (i) indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages; or (ii) any lost profits, revenue or anticipated savings, contracts, lost data or economic loss (whether direct or indirect) howsoever arising out of or in connection with your use of our website or linked third party site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of the same.You assume responsibility for establishing your own procedures for data back up and anti-virus or other screening on your computer or mobile device to protect it as necessary against hacking or other hazards.The content on this website is provided on an "as is" basis without any representation, warranty, term or condition of any kind (whether express or implied by law). we exclude all representations, warranties, terms and conditions (whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise), including, without limitation, warranties, terms or conditions relating to quality or fitness for particular purpose. these terms of use will not exclude or limit such mandatory rights that you are entitled to under applicable law, to the extent that those rights cannot be excluded or limited by contract.9. Changes to our WebsiteOn occasion, we may update or make changes to the website without notice.10. GeneralShould any part of these terms of use be declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, this shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion which (if legally permitted) shall remain in full force and effect as if the invalid portion of the terms of use had been eliminated.We may assign, transfer or subcontract any of our rights and obligations under these terms of use and in relation to provision of this website.11. Applicable lawThese Terms of Use are subject to the laws of England and Wales. To the maximum extent legally permitted, you agree that any dispute arising out of your use of the Website or these Terms of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE SHOULD NOT BE SEEN AS SUBSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL ADVICE. IF YOU HAVE, OR THINK YOU MAY HAVE, LUPUS, ALWAYS SEEK ADVICE FROM A QUALIFIED PHYSICIAN. FIND OUT MORE IN OUR TERMS OF USE.