http://www.hfea.gov.uk/privacy-policy-cookies-and-accessibility/
HFEA.gov.uk uses cookies to deliver content and make improvements to the website.
Accept
Configure
Skip to main content
Privacy policy and cookies
It is the policy of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA) that personal information, such as your name, mailing address, email address or personal telephone number is private and confidential. By using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes set out below. We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purposes other than those identified below, except with your consent or as required by law.
Our Privacy Policy
This policy outlines the ways the HFEA collects and uses personal data and sensitive personal data from patients and individuals who contact the HFEA. This policy explains what information of yours will be collected by the HFEA either when you register or undergo treatment at a licenced fertility clinic, or when you contact us, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Read our Privacy policy in full
Our Website and Social Media policy
This policy includes the privacy information for our website and social media channels, our cookie policy and the terms and conditions for using our website, patient feedback tools and social media.
Read our website policy in full (PDF 124 KB)
Cookies we use
A cookie is a text file that is downloaded onto your computer the first time you use a website. If you visit the website again, your PC checks to see if it has a cookie that is relevant (that is, one containing the site name) and sends the information contained in that cookie back to the site. The site then ’knows’ that you have been there before, and in some cases, tailors what pops up on screen to take account of that fact. Often this will include things like counting the number of people who come to our site, and see what pages are viewed the most. This data helps us understand how visitors use the site and how we can improve the user experience. Other cookies on the site are for accessibility purposes for example, if a user increases the font size of the text on the website, then a cookie is used to remember their selection for the duration of their visit.
We will not place cookies on your computer if you do not opt-in to use cookies when you first come to the site. However, this may affect some of the usability of the site.
Session ID and performance
ARRAffinity – This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud platform. It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to the same server in any browsing session. Expires at the end of the session.
ASP.NET_SessionId - Stores a visitor's unique, randomly generated Session ID and is used to pass information between site applications to enable them to function correctly. Expires at the end of the session.
_RequestVerificationToken - This is a security measure that helps protect the website from unauthorised data submissions. Expires at the end of the session.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track anonymous website usage data.
_ga – Distinguishes users anonymously. 2 year expiry.
_gat_gtag_UA_80302552_1 – Used to control the request rate. 1 minute expiry.
_gid – Distinguishes users anonymously. 24 hour expiry.
Cookie settings
cookieAcceptance – This cookie saves your cookie preferences. Expires in 90 days and is not shared with any third party.
YouTube
We use embedded YouTube videos. Google owns YouTube and the Google privacy policy goes into some detail about their cookie usage on YouTube. The active cookies they place on our website include:
GPS
IDE
PREF
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YSC
We provide further information on privacy issues in our privacy policy and website policy (PDF 80KB)
Accessibility
If you use a screen reader or other accessibility tools and are having difficulties with any of our documents, you can request them in an accessible format. Read our accessibility statement for more information.
Third party exclusion
We cannot guarantee that apps and plugins from third parties will conform to this sites accessibility standards.
Additional
Read the terms and conditions for the patient feedback form
;
;
Review date: 8 December 2022
Send to a friend
Print this page