http://www.cognitivebehavior.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Cognitive Behavior
Home
Introduction
About
About Illusions
About the Industry
About the Skills
Credentials
Links
Content
Theory
Management
Management Concepts
Management Tools
Management Program Models
Practice
Clinical Protocols
Techniques
Clinical Assessment Techniques
Clinical Practice Techniques
Teacher Techniques – TBD
Procedures
Games
Group Instruction
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 19, 2017
Cognitive Behavior Management (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates cognitivebehaviormanagement.com / cognitivebehavior.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. When disclosed, we use your Personal Information for providing feedback and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact you to address your inquiry. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name and email address (“Personal Information”). If you prefer not to disclose Personal Information please do not use the contact form.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we use Google Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze this data. To learn more about Google’s data collection and data use practices, please visit – https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Communications
We use your Personal Information disclosed on this website to contact you for follow up to your inquiries. Cognitive Behavior Management does not use Personal Information for marketing purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information regarding your preferences where our website may offer personalized preferences. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.  Visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ to learn more about cookies.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. The effective date of this privacy policy is posted at the top of this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or your own personal information you may have disclosed on this website please contact us immediately using the contact form. We would be pleased to assist you with your inquiry.
BROWSE TopicsManagement Concepts
Management Program Models
Management Tools
Practice Concepts
Group Instruction
Practice Assessment
Practice Games
Protocols
Teacher Techniques
Theory Concepts
Training
Training Trainers
Disclaimer Unless specifically noted all materials are written by Jerome R. Gardner. As you will see by the size of the library contents, the materials are substantial. Since most of the writing was developed as think papers and not for publication, there will inevitably be some areas without proper citation. If you come across any, please notify the site manager and it will be rectified. Other than that, readers may use all materials. While I would prefer recognition, it is not necessary.
Copyright 1997 - 2018. Institute for Cognitive Behavior Management. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy