https://www.nwcryobank.com/terms-of-use/
For an optimal experience on our site, please use Chrome, Safari, or Firefox. Certain features may not be supported in your version of Internet Explorer.
NW Cryobank (which is CCB-NWC LLC and may be referred to as “we” or “us” “our”) provides its products and services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit our site or purchase any products or services from NW Cryobank, you accept the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use along with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Please read them carefully.
SCOPE
The Terms of Use applies to your use of our site and your ordering, on the site or otherwise, of sperm donor information like profiles, donor information items, photos and other information and services, (also “Donor Information”). The purchase or storage of specimens requires you to sign one or more additional agreements.
LICENSE
AND SITE ACCESS
NW
Cryobank grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this
site and any Donor Information (collectively, “Licensed Content”) but
not to download (other than donor information that is validly ordered via the
site or page caching) or modify Licensed Content, or any portion of it, except
with express written consent of NW Cryobank. This license does not include any
resale or commercial use of Licensed Content; any collection and use of any
product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or
its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit
of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data
gathering and extraction tools. Licensed Content or any portion of Licensed
Content may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or
otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent
of NW Cryobank. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any
trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page
layout, or form) of NW Cryobank and our affiliates without express written
consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text”
utilizing NW Cryobank’s name or trademarks without the express written consent
of NW Cryobank. Any unauthorized use terminates this permission or license
granted by NW Cryobank.
YOUR
ACCOUNT
You
are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept
responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. NW
Cryobank does not sell services or products for children. By using this site,
you represent to NW Cryobank that you are age 18 or over. NW Cryobank and its
affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or
edit content, or cancel orders at their sole discretion.
PRIVACY
AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices. When you visit our website or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY AND USE OF THE SITE
All
text, graphics and multimedia content available from the site and all related
code, including (but not limited) to HTML, other mark-up languages, and all
scripts within the site, and all Donor Information, are the property of NW
Cryobank or its affiliates or parent companies. All material on our site,
including (but not limited to) images, illustrations, audio clips and video
clips, is protected by copyrights that are owned or controlled by NW Cryobank
or by other parties that have licensed their material to NW Cryobank. Material
from the site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,
transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or use of
the materials for any other purpose is a violation of copyright and other
proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other website or
computer environment is prohibited.
“NW Cryobank” and the NW Cryobank logo are trademarks and service marks of NW Cryobank. All other trademarks, service marks and logos used on this site are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners.
NO
WARRANTIES
This
site, including any content or information contained within it and any
site-related service, and all donor information is provided “AS IS”
with no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied,
including (but not limited to) the implied warranties or merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. In particular (but
without limitation), NW Cryobank does not warrant that the functions contained
in the materials on the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects
will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes them available are
free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful components. NW Cryobank
does not warrant or make any representations regarding the donor information,
the use of the results or the use of the materials in the site, in terms of
their correctness, accuracy, reliability, timeliness, suitability or otherwise.
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this site and all
site-related services. In particular (but without limitation), NW Cryobank is
not responsible for and does not approve or endorse the content of any sites
that may be linked to this site. Links to any such sites are provided for your
convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY
NW
Cryobank, its licensors, employees, officers, directors, agents, and suppliers
are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or other damages arising out of or
relating in any way to our site, site-related services or content, or other
services or products obtained from NW Cryobank, even if advised of the
possibility of such damages. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with our site
services or products is to stop using the site and/or those services.
TERRITORIAL
CONSIDERATIONS
Online
ordering on our website is intended only for US residents. Any non-US residents
must call us to place vial orders. NW Cryobank makes no representation that
materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. NW
Cryobank makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or
available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from
other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
BINDING
ARBITRATION
Notwithstanding
the provisions relating to the General Provisions section below, any dispute
relating in any way to your visit to our site or to products or services that
you purchase from us shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Los
Angeles, California, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated
or threatened to violate NW Cryobank’s intellectual property rights, NW
Cryobank may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or
federal court in the state of California, and you consent to exclusive
jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall
be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration
Association, which will appoint a neutral arbitrator to conduct the
arbitration. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a
judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. The prevailing party in the
arbitration shall be entitled to recover all costs of the arbitration
including, without limitation, attorneys’ and experts’ fees.
INDEMNIFICATION
You
agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless NW Cryobank and its affiliates,
and each of their directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives,
independent contractors, customers, successors and assigns from and against any
claim, loss, damage, liabilities, demands, offsets, causes of action and
expenses, including attorneys’ and experts’ fees, arising out of or related to
any third party action, proceeding, or dispute involving your use of our site
or products or services that you obtain from us. NW Cryobank shall promptly
notify you in writing of any such third-party action and you agree to
immediately assume full control and responsibility for such matter including
the payment of all expenses and liabilities, including attorneys’ and experts’
fees in connection therewith; provided, however, that you shall not settle any
such action without the prior written consent of NW Cryobank, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld.
GENERAL
PROVISIONS
These
Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of California, as it applies to agreements entered into
and to be performed entirely within such state, and without regard to its
principles of conflicts of law. Except as set forth in the Arbitration
provision above, any action brought to enforce the Terms of Use, or in
connection with any matters related to this Site, shall be brought only in the
state or Federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. You
expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts.
If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use, and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters set forth herein, and shall not be modified except in a subsequent agreement between you and NW Cryobank. The Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of NW Cryobank and its successors and assigns.NW Cryobank reserves the right to change or update our site or these Terms of Use at any time. Any changes or updates are effective immediately upon posting to the site. You agree to review these Terms of Use periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of our site and the services available through the site after the posting of any such modifications shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified Terms of Use.
Questions? Contact us here.
Please be aware our office will be closed and no shipments will go out on 12/25/20 & 01/01/21 in observance of the upcoming holidays. New prices go into effect in 2021, so lock in current rates and purchase before the end of 2020.View Donors
+