http://www.worldmusclesociety.org/web_pages/view/privacy-policy
Members Login
Join WMS
Menu
Home
About WMS
Official Journal
News
Join WMS
For Members
Contact Us
FAQ
FAQ
WMS Privacy Policy
The World Muscle Society (WMS) is a legal charity established in the United Kingdom with the Charity Commission under the registration number 1126862.
As WMS’s “data controller”, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
1. What information do we collect?
We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need. The information we collect may include name, business address, email address, telephone number, photograph, VAT number, invoice address and any communication preferences.
Your areas of speciality We may also ask you to indicate your areas of speciality. This is for WMS information and interest only, and we may use it, for example, to invite you to serve on a scientific committee, become part of the abstract review board based on your areas of interest, or when submitting an abstract so we can classify it appropriately.
Surveys We always aim to improve the services we offer. As a result, we occasionally canvass our customers using surveys. Participation in surveys is voluntary, and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey you might receive from us.
Payments We do not handle payments and cannot store credit or debit card data. When you go to checkout you will be able to pay via an official authorised payment processing system (Barclaycard).
2. Why do we need your data?
The main purposes for which we collect and process your details are:
To manage your WMS membership
To arrange your NMD Journal delivery
To process any orders you make, such as event bookings or membership purchases
To provide the service or information you have requested, such as congress registration or abstract submission
To gather feedback.
3. What we would also like to do with your data
If you agree, we will email you with information about WMS’s events, activities and memberships, and occasionally other related activities or information we think may be of interest to you.
Once you have provided your express consent for us to contact you on behalf of WMS, or on behalf of other organisations, there are several methods available to you to change your preferences:
By clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any promotional email you receive from us
By changing your preferences via the ‘Update My Information’ link in your online account
By contacting us at office@worldmusclesociety.org
4. How we store and collect your data
Your personal data is collected, stored and processed on a membership management system which was built, and is subsequently maintained and updated, by a, third-party processor. This is a secure, password-protected system, and the data is stored on servers located in the EU. We may utilise other third-party service providers to enable us to collect, store or process your data. We choose these providers which we deem to be adequately secure and to perform their duties in compliance with European data protection regulations. In the instances where these providers are based outside of the EU, we ensure they meet requirements of European data protection regulations, such as having appropriate safeguards in place.
Your data is stored indefinitely under legal obligation and for reasons of public interest (scientific, statistical or historical research purposes) We remind you that you have a right to have your personal information deleted at any time. Please see below.
5. Sharing your data
We may share your personal data:
With all Azura Events staff members and all WMS executive board members.
With WMS sub-committees if relevant.
We may outsource certain functions when we do not have the in-house capacity required. In such cases we will only use reputable firms and have processes in place to ensure the safe and confidential processing of personal data.
We may also disclose personal information where required or otherwise permitted by law.
We will not share your data:
With third-party organisations for marketing purposes (unless you have specifically consented to this at the time).
Outside of the EU unless it is done in compliance with European data protection regulations.
Any personal data we share is transferred securely. Information about data sharing specific to conference and event registration is available to view in the terms and conditions on the event booking page.
6. Accessing your data and your rights
You can access and manage your details via your profile page in your online account. Please help us to keep your information up to date by editing your profile if your personal information changes or if you wish to correct it. If you are unable to do this, please send any requests to correct or complete your personal data to office@worldmusclesociety.org.
You have a right to request the following:
A copy of the information that we hold about you
To have your personal data erased
To restrict the use of your personal data (i.e. allowing us to store your personal data but not use it)
To have your data provided in Excel/CSV format in order to transfer it to another organisation.
Please submit such requests to office@worldmusclesociety.org.
7. The website
Traffic patterns/site statistics
We may monitor customer traffic patterns, Site usage and related site information in order to optimise your use of the site. We use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We may give aggregated statistics to a reputable third-party, but these statistics will include no information personally identifying you.
Links to third parties’ sites
Please note that we do provide links to other sites, which may not be governed by this Privacy Policy and you should view the privacy policy of those sites for further information.
Cookies
In addition to the Information which you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files the Site can use to recognise repeat users and allow us to observe behaviour and compile aggregate data in order to improve the Site for you. For example, cookies will tell us whether you viewed the Site with sound or with text on your last visit. Cookies also allow us to count the number of unique and return visitors to our Site. Some of our associated companies may themselves use cookies on their own websites. We have no access to, or control of these cookies, should this occur. If you do not wish to receive cookies from us or any other website, you can turn cookies off on your web browser: please follow your browser provider’s instruction in order to do so. Unfortunately, we cannot accept liability for any malfunctioning of your PC or its installed web browser as a result of any attempt to turn off cookies. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
8. Queries and complaints
WMS tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously.
We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice is intended as a brief and clear overview. We are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed.
Complaints and enquiries about, or suggestions for improvements to, our data protection processes should be directed to office@worldmusclesociety.org.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/.
9. Changes to this policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 26th April 2018.
10. How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email to: office@worldmusclesociety.org
HOME
ABOUT WMS
OFFICIAL JOURNAL
NEWS
JOIN WMS
FOR MEMBERS
CONTACT US
FAQ
The World Muscle Society ©2020 | V.2.0.0	| Uskur | Help
| Privacy Policy