https://www.accidenthelpzone.com/how-to-find-the-best-car-injury-doctors-after-your-accident/
How to Find the Best Car Injury Doctors After Your Accident
Home
About
Car Accidents
Workers’ Comp
Top Accident Doctors
Blog
Home
About
Car Accidents
Workers’ Comp
Top Accident Doctors
Blog
How to Find the Best Car Injury Doctors After Your Accident
Posted by accident_doctor on Monday, December 16th, 2019 in Accident Doctors, Car Accidents
no Comment.
Each year, about 3 million people in the U.S. suffer injuries resulting from auto accidents. Immediately following a car accident, it is vital to get proper medical attention so that you discover what injuries you may have received. In some cases, the injuries aren’t apparent, and you may feel minimal pain or none at all. Never let the lack of obvious signs of injury or pain keep you from getting a prompt medical assessment. When left undetected by qualified car injury doctors, some injuries could harbor life-changing consequences.
The temptation to leave the scene quickly and get on with your life might be overwhelming, but that’s not advisable, even when you think you’ve been in a minor accident.
One of the best things you can do is choose a reputable accident injury doctor to assess and treat you. Bear in mind that your regular primary physician may not have the training necessary to diagnose your condition appropriately. Moreover, they may not have the ability to process and bill the relevant auto insurance agencies correctly, and this could delay your compensation.
In this guide, we provide all the information you need on how to go about finding the right car accident doctor.
Common Injuries Sustained in Car Accidents
One of the mistakes many victims of car accidents make is to view the accident as minor and ignore the importance of medical treatment. As any seasoned auto injury doctor will inform you, there are numerous injuries that usually have delayed symptoms but can lead to lifelong injuries. Some of the commonest ones include:
Whiplash
Whiplash is one of the most prevalent injuries victims of car accident experience. The injury occurs when the impact of the collision forces your neck forward and suddenly snaps the neck back into its usual place. Unfortunately, this injury can cause problems weeks after the accident.
Whiplash can put considerable strain on your spine, causing issues such as neck and back pain. You could also experience headaches and tinnitus. It’s the reason you need immediate x-ray services and urgent clinic care to avoid concerning damage on your neck and spine.
Soft Tissue Injuries
Unlike internal injuries that can be difficult to detect because they often aren’t as painful or visible as other injuries, soft tissue injuries are quite severe. They include torn ligaments, muscles, and tendons.
When left untreated, sprains, tearing, and bruising can prove extremely painful. The good news is that an injury doctor can easily diagnose these injuries with the right medical tools and address them appropriately.
Back and Neck Injuries
Due to the impact of a car crash, back and neck injuries are rather common. Fractures, sprains, spine injuries, and disc injuries are among some of these injuries. At first, you may only experience a slight soreness, but that could result in a more serious injury if you don’t do something about it.
What Kind of Treatment You May Need After a Car Accident?
After an auto accident, the first thing you need to think about is your health. Get a medical professional to examine your injuries so that you can receive the treatment you require. Typically, the kind of treatment you receive depends on how severe your injuries are.
Generally, you may need to see one of the following professionals, depending on your situation:
Emergency Room Doctor
In case your injuries are severe, you’ll have to see a doctor in the emergency room right away. This is especially important if you sustain life-threatening injuries. The emergency room is also the best option where your accident has happened at night, and the injuries could quickly worsen. In such cases, you need to contact 911 right away and get an ambulance.
Urgent Care Doctor
When you don’t have life-threatening injuries, you need to visit your doctor as quickly as possible. If you can drive yourself to an urgent care clinic for treatment, do so as soon as possible. One of the best things about urgent care facilities is longer operation hours than your primary care physician, and you can walk in even if you don’t have an appointment.
Medical Specialist
Sometimes, the doctor you see after your accident can refer you to a medical specialist for further testing or treatment. This happens where you have specific injuries or need surgeries.
The Importance of Visiting Car Injury Doctors after Car Accidents
As we mentioned earlier, some people opt to do nothing after they’ve been involved in a car accident. Unfortunately, this could have severe consequences. Below are two reasons why:
Delaying Treatment May Lead To Questions Regarding the Cause of Your Pain
A few days after an accident, you may start to experience some neck pain that resulted from the accident. You decide to get medical treatment and then file a claim against the perpetrator of the accident.
The defendant can claim that your neck pain is the result of something else that may have happened somewhere between the accident and your visit to the physician. How do you prove that you didn’t tweak your neck while exercising or doing something else after the accident?
The defendant could claim you’re making up the pain. Why didn’t you go to the doctor immediately after the accident? Therefore, seeing a doctor in at least two days after the accident is beneficial for your own legal protection.
The Injuries Could Get More Severe
Once you’ve experienced a shocking event like a car accident, it’s normal for hormones like adrenaline and endorphins to mask your pain so you can stay safe and alert in such a dangerous situation. While you may feel physically fine, in reality, your hormones are only covering up your injuries. A seasoned personal injury doctor can help stop the injuries from getting worse, so you need to see one right away.
Tips for Finding the Best Car Injury Doctor
An auto injury doctor is certainly your best hope when it comes to proper medical attention following a car crash given the potentially dangerous side effects of a car accident. They also play an essential role in helping you get the compensation you deserve should you decide to file a claim. But not all car injury doctors are equal.
Here are several tips on how to find the ideal auto injury doctor for your needs:
Inquire About Their Credentials
Before you entrust your care to a car injury doctor, you need to verify their credentials. Ask the doctor what training they have received and the conditions of their specialty. Whether you’re seeing a physical therapist, chiropractor, or a practitioner in some other field of medicine, take the time to verify their educational background.
Find Out Whether They Have Ample Experience Treating Auto Accident Injuries
Generally, the assessment and treatment of car accident injuries require more training than the vast majority of general practitioners can provide. The best facilities to consult with are those that specialize in collision care. Typically, these offices provide a range of essential services for people involved in car accidents, including physiotherapy and chiropractic.
Check Out Testimonials from Other Patients
Reviewing patient testimonials during your search for a car accident doctor can give you a good idea of what to expect from a particular physician. In case you know a relative or colleague who experienced similar trauma, enquire from them what their experience was with their car accident doctor and whether they’d recommend them to you.
Opt For A Doctor Who Can See You Quickly After An Accident
As you already know, receiving an assessment and treatment quickly after an accident is vital. It’s therefore essential to find a physician who can prioritize people who haven’t received appropriate care yet. Enquire whether their facility provides walk-in appointments.
If you’re seriously hurt, it’s essential to know that you can get immediate care options. For scheduled visits, the waiting time should be minimal.
Locate a Doctor Who’s Part of a Multi-Specialty Medical Network
Often, injuries from car crashes require a wide variety of treatments from doctors with different specializations. A chiropractor, for instance, wouldn’t help you if you suffered a fracture. It’s best to find a provider who is part of a larger clinic that has multi-disciplinary specialties, especially where you have a critical injury that requires more than one specialist to treat.
Inquire Whether They Thoroughly Document Accident Injuries and Treatment
To help you follow through with all your treatment recommendations, you need a car accident doctor that understands how to document your injuries in a medical report. Thorough documentation is also essential for a successful injury claim process.
Regardless of the doctor you choose, it’s essential to verify whether they’ll be able to keep a complete record of your care according to the standards the insurance claim will demand. Failure to do so may lead to errors, confusion, and, ultimately, claim denials.
Find Out Whether They Use Diagnostic Testing During Their Evaluation
Most auto accident facilities provide a free consultation with no obligation to let their practitioners assess your injuries and answer any questions you might have about your accident. Many practitioners will recommend that you get a preliminary treatment plan and could recommend further testing, which may include:
X-Ray
Range of Motion Testing
MRI
Neurological Assessment
A facility that provides these services shows that it is patient-focused and will do everything to offer the best health care to you.
Find Out if they accept No-Fault (PIP) Insurance and Medical Liens
One of the biggest roadblocks for victims of car crashes is medical expenses. In many cases, these people rely on their No-Fault (PIP) coverage or are involved in a claim dispute and may not be able to pay for the cost of care right away. For this reason, it’s always wise to look for a medical rehabilitation clinic that can let you come for care on a lien basis.
Clarify the facility’s payment policies and enquire whether they can wait until your settlement to pay your bill.
Ask Whether They Have a Variety of Treatment Options
The kind of treatment options you’re going to receive depends on your medical injuries and the nature of your injuries. Enquire ahead of time the range of services and procedures that the clinic provides that will be essential in helping you recover as quickly as possible.
A facility that provides a large variety of services is generally better than one that doesn’t. Generally, you can expect the following accident-related treatments from some of the top facilities:
Physical therapy
Plastic and reconstructive surgery
Chiropractic care
Epidurals and nerve blocks
Orthopedic surgery
Neurological testing and referrals
Pharmacy
Inquire Whether the Doctor Has Appropriate Privacy Policies in Place
Any car accident doctor you choose should guarantee that they’ll keep your medical records confidential unless they’re sharing them with other physicians involved in your collaborative care plan. The only other parties who can access your medical records are people that are involved in your case, but only if you grant permission. Your privacy is an essential part of the care that you can’t afford to take lightly.
Never Delay Finding an Injury Doctor After a Car Accident
Once you’ve been involved in a collision, the first action you should take is to visit one of the reliable car injury doctors near you. Seeking the appropriate medical care is essential in averting life-long injuries and getting you back to your normal life as quickly as possible.
The car accident doctor you choose will have an impact on the experience you have during your treatment and whether or not you can smoothly file your claim for compensation. Go for a physician who has the necessary credentials, experience, and reputation to do a great job. Ensure that the practitioner can provide a billing service that keeps detailed notes that the insurance company will require to process your injury claims.
Click here or call (800) 897-8440 to find an experienced car accident doctor near you today.
Search
Search for:
Related PostsDelayed Back Pain After Car Accident? 5 Steps You Must Take9 Ways Personal Injury Chiropractors Can Help Your…Everything You Need to Know Before Scheduling Your…What Happens to Your Body in a Rear-End Collision?Should I See an Orthopedic Doctor After a Car Accident?
Popular Posts
Carpal Tunnel Surgery Recovery Time Off Work
The Ultimate Guide to Workers’ Compensation Laws in New York [New For 2020]
Top-Rated Car Accident Doctors in Manhattan, NYC in 2020
How to Find a Doctor After a Car Accident
5 Workplace Safety Tips for 2020
Everything You Need to Know About Slip & Fall Accidents at Work
Top-Rated Accident Doctors in Queens, NY for 2020
Top-Rated Accident Doctors in Brooklyn, NY for 2020
Car Accident Statistics in New York [New]
Top-Rated Accident Doctors in The Bronx, NY for 2020
Recent Posts
What Doctor to See for Whiplash: 3 Specialists You Should See Now
Common Estate Planning Mistakes Can Cause Issues in Court
Are There Aspects of COVID-19 That Can Affect Your Personal Injury Claim?
Recovering From an Accident at Work
Select Accident Doctors in Nassau, NY in 2020
About Us
If you or your family member have been involved in an auto accident, injured at work, or suffered a slip & fall accident in New York or New Jersey, we invite you to explore our free comprehensive library.
Whether you need more information about filing your workers’ compensation claim or need to find an experienced doctor or personal injury lawyer, you’ve come to the right place – Accident Help Zone is here to help you and your loved ones!
Learn More
Useful Links
Home
About Us
NY Worker’s Compensation Blog
Contact Us
Advertising With Us
Bronx Workers Comp Doctor
Manhattan Injury Doctors
Staten Island Car Accident Doctor
Brooklyn Auto Accident Doctor
Queens Car Accident Doctor
Long Island Car Accident Doctor
Get In Touch
Click Here to Contact Us
Contribute – Write for Us
Auto Accident Help Zone
New York, NY
Privacy Policy |  Terms Of Use | Write for a Personal Injury Blog | NY Personal Injury Guide  | Workers’ Compensation Guide | Site Map |Advertise
The content on this site is for informational purposes and should not be considered as legal advice, medical diagnosis or treatment recommendations for your accident injuries.
Worker’s Comp & Car Accident Help Zone Copyright ©