http://www.kidscount.org/privacy-statement
Main Content
By Location
By Topic
By Characteristic
Publications
Updates
Help
About
Close
More
Home
>
Privacy Statement
Print
Email
More Sharing Services
Share
Generating thumbnail image...
Share
Privacy Statement
The Annie E. Casey Foundation (“Casey”, “the Foundation”, “we” or “our”) is committed to respecting the privacy of its online visitors (“you” or “your”). This statement, which is part of the Terms of Use of this website, discloses the site's privacy practices involving what information the Foundation collects, how it uses that information and how it shares it. When visitors use the Foundation’s website at datacenter.kindscount.org (“the Site” or “our Site”), they are using a service provided by the Annie E. Casey Foundation (the “Services”) and agree to be bound by its Privacy Statement as it is modified from time to time and posted on this site. Please note that the Services are intended for use in the United States, and our data are stored on servers that are located in the United States. If you use the Services from outside of the United States, you are responsible for complying with the laws and regulations of the territory from which you access or use the Services.
I. Information We Collect
The Site collects two types of information: 1) personally identifiable information that is voluntarily provided by you, such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number; and 2) nonpersonal statistical information, such as site traffic and usage patterns. We use industry-standard technology, including cookies, without limitation, to collect such information. We may also use cookies to collect information to facilitate recognizing you as a previous visitor in connection with your future visits to our Site and to track your activity on the Site. You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of the Site might not work properly without cookies. We reserve our right to also use other technologies such as Internet tags, web beacons, tracking pixels and navigational data collection tools (log files, server logs or click stream). We may partner with third-party web analytics services such as Google Analytics or Hotjar, which may use their third-party cookies on our Site to collect nonpersonal statistical information.
II. How We Use the Information
Personal information submitted voluntarily at the Site is used to deliver requested information, including our newsletters. This information is stored on secured servers and kept as long as the user is subscribed to receive such information.
Nonpersonal statistical information, collected in real time, is to measure site activity and improve the structure of our website. The Foundation may also use this information to learn the interests and concerns of the website's visitors.
We also use a third-party web analytics services, Google Analytics, to measure, analyze and report on access to and usage of our Site. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie about visitors to the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
III. How We Share or Disclose the Information
Casey does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer or disclose your Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your prior consent. We will only disclose your Personal Information: (1) as described in this Privacy Policy; (2) with advance notice to you to obtain your consent; or (3) in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We may disclose your Personal Information to our third-party service partners or suppliers to deliver Casey Services to you. For example, we may share your information with our email service provider to send transactional and promotional emails to you.
We may disclose your information, including your Personal Information, if we sell or buy any business or assets.
We may disclosure your information, including your Personal Information, if we need to enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy or other agreements; or to protect our rights. Your information may be disclosed as required by law, for security purposes or to prevent imminent harm.
For California Residents: California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits our members that are California residents to request from us, once a year and without charge, the names and addresses of those third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and information regarding the categories of personal information that were disclosed to such third parties. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@aecf.org or our contact address below.
IV. Security
The Foundation strives to collect and store data in a manner that protects their confidentiality, recognizing that no data transmission is entirely secure. Although the Foundation seeks to keep information in a secure environment to safeguard the confidentiality of users’ personal information, the Foundation cannot guarantee complete security.
Do Not Track Signals: This website does not respond to Do Not Track Signals.
V. Privacy Protection for Children
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Foundation does not knowingly permit anyone under the age of 13 to provide personal information through its website. If such provision is detected, the Casey Foundation takes appropriate steps to remove this information from its databases.
VI. Unsubscribing or Changing Information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate and kept up to date. We will respond to your request that we correct the Personal Information we collect about you within 30 days.
The Foundation makes every effort to ensure that only visitors who request mail or email will receive mail or email. To remove your name from the electronic newsletter or other mailing list, please contact webmail@aecf.org.
VII. Third-Party Links
The Site may redirect or link to other websites on the internet or may otherwise include references to information or services made available by unaffiliated third parties. While we make every effort to work with trusted, reputable providers, from time to time such sites may contain information, material or policies that some may find inappropriate or offensive. This Policy does not apply to those third-party websites, and we encourage you to read those sites’ privacy policies to understand how they collect, use and share your information. You understand that Casey has no control over and is not responsible how those third parties handle or safeguard your information, nor are we responsible for the accuracy, completeness, decency or legality of content hosted by third-party websites, including any errors or omissions in any references made on those websites. The inclusion of such a link or reference is provided merely as a convenience and does not imply endorsement of, or association, with the sites or party by us, or any warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
VIII. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time. Any changes in the Policy in the future will be posted on this page with an updated effective date. We encourage you to return to this page from time to time to review our Policy for updates and changes.
The updated Privacy Policy is effective when posted to the Site. By continuing to use the Site, you signal your continued consent and agreement with the updated version of the Policy. If you disagree with any of the amended terms of the Privacy Policy, please stop using the Site.
IX. Contact Information
The Annie E. Casey Foundation
701 St. Paul Street
Baltimore, Maryland 21202
Telephone: 410.547.6600
Fax: 410.547.6624
The Annie E. Casey Foundation is committed to protecting your privacy while using this website and welcomes questions, comments or suggestions regarding our Privacy Statement. Send feedback to webmail@aecf.org.
Privacy Statement last updated November 2018