https://www.hl7.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2019-07-10T14:58:06+00:00
This privacy policy notice is served by HL7 UK Ltd, PO Box 7230, Hook RG27 9WX UK. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.
Policy key definitions:
“I”, “our”, “us”, or “we” refer to the business, [Business name & other trading names].
“you”, “the user” refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a user’s computer or device.
Key principles of GDPR:
Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and/or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
We are registered with the ICO under the Data Protection Register, our registration number is Z5987452
Lawful basis: Consent
Where our purpose for processing is: maintenance of mailing lists
Which is necessary because: it is one of the benefits of membership
We process your information by: using it to distribute messages from other mailing list members
Data retention period: we will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists
Sharing your information: we do not share your information with third parties
Lawful basis: Contract
Where our purpose for processing is: to issue and process membership invoices
Which is necessary because: memberships are paid on invoicing
We process your information by: using it to send invoices to you
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until 24 months after you cease to be a member.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website.
Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies, and control which cookies are saved to your device / computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you
Go to Top