http://www.kinesiologycollege.com/privacypolicy
By using this website you allow us to place cookies on your computer. These cookies never personally identify you.
More information...
My Account
/
Register
/
Help
/
My Orders:
No Items /
€0.00
Kinesiology College of Ireland
The College
/
Our Courses
/
News
/
Contact Us
Facebook | Mail: ger@kinesiologycollege.com| Phone: + 353 876168427
Home
The College
What is Kinesiology?
Touch For Health
Diploma
News
Our Courses
Upcoming Courses
Contact & Find Us
FAQ
Research
Links & Resources
Lecturers
Student Testimonials
Search
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When booking or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please emails us and we will remove you from our mailing list.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server, PayPal
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
For your further protection we do not store your credit card details or make them available to you when you make another order through our website.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.KinesiologyCollege.com/terms-and-conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 24th June, 2011
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below or using the enquiry form on the Contact page.
http://www.KinesiologyCollege.com
Kinesiology College of Ireland
Co. Cork
Ireland
ger@kinesiologycollege.com/p>
Email Address Required!
Invalid Email Address!
A confirmation email has been sent to you
Keep up to date - Sign up to our Newsletter
Email Address
Contact Us | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
Share this page...
web services: Just Perfect IT
Kinesiology College of Ireland
Telephone: +353 (0)87 6168427
| Email: ger@kinesiologycollege.com
Kinesiology College of Ireland is registered in Ireland | Company Number: 160960