https://www.barthsyndrome.org/waystohelp/donate/events/
Skip to main content
About BSF
Mission & Organization
Strategic Plan
Legal & Financial
Legal Documents
Annual Reports & Financials
Policies & Procedures
Board Minutes
Leadership & Staff
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Board Development Committee
Executive Committee
Finance and Investments Committee
Fundraising Committee
Policies and Agreements Committee
Staff
Scientific & Medical Advisory Board
International Affliates
Connect with Community
Contact Us
Careers
Research
Researcher Resources
2021 BSF Grant Program
2020 BSF Science and Medicine Symposium
Grants Awarded
Animal and Cellular Models of Barth Syndrome
Biobanked Patient Samples and Transformed Cell Lines
Barth Syndrome Registry and Repository
Human Tafazzin (TAZ) Gene Variants Database
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
CARDIOMAN
Gene Replacement Therapy for Barth Syndrome
TAZPOWER
Rare Disease Webinar
Portfolio Review
Scientific and Medical Journal Articles
Bibliography
Open Access Articles
Highlights of Clinical Knowledge
Barth Syndrome
What is Barth Syndrome?
Approaches to Diagnosis
International Classification of Disease
Principal Clinical Diagnostic Criteria
Other Important Findings by System
Clinical Manifestations
Barth Syndrome Diagnostic Laboratory Testing
Biomarker and Genetic Testing Facilities for Barth Syndrome
References
Newly Diagnosed
Family Resources
Families Affected by Barth Syndrome
Tools for School/ Families
Introduction
Developmental Issues
Protections of Students with Disabilities
Choices of Educational Environments
Preparing the Master File
Communicating with Schools
Resources
Tools for School/ Educators
Introduction
What is Barth Syndrome
Physical Challenges
Some Neurodevelopmental Challenges
Social and Emotional Challenges
Suggestions and Advice for Educators
Warning Signs of Physical Distress and Tips for Care
Resources
Care Management Toolbox
Finding Care
Organizing My Medical Binder
Emergency Department Guidance
My Blood Test Results
My Medical Forms
Resources
COVID-19 Health Advisories
FACT Sheets
Fact Sheet Library
Genetics Fact Sheet
Female Carriers
Online Support Groups & Yoga
Clinician Resources
Videos and Webinars
Conference Videos
BSF 2018 Conference
BSF 2016 Conference
BSF 2014 Conference
BSF 2012 Conference
BSF 2010 Conference
Webinars
Potential Use of Entresto
2019 Town Hall
Strength, Stamina and Fatigue in Barth Syndrome
Cardiac Aspects of Barth syndrome
The Role of MLCL:CL as a diagnostic assay for Barth syndrome
Gene Replacement Therapy in the Barth Syndrome Knockout Mouse
International Affiliates
Meet Our Community
Meet The People We Serve
Remember the Girls
Meet Our Clinicians and Scientists
Advocacy
Elamipretide Petition
Community Petition Cover Letter
KOL Letter Elamipretide
Ways to Help
Donate
Events
Events
February Heart Month
Rare Disease Day
Tributes
Tributes
Timothy Monahan
Will McCurdy Fund for the Advancement of Therapies for Barth Syndrome
Other Ways To Give
Previous Fundraisers
$20 for #BARTH2020
Participate in Research
Fundraising Toolkit
Set Up A Fundraiser
News & Events
What's New
Press Releases
COVID-19 Precautions
PFDD Meeting
About
What You Need to Know
Live Streaming
Voice of the Patient
Sponsors
International Conference
Call for Speaker Abstracts
BSF 2020 Conference
Conference Programs
Newsletter
Newsletter
E-News
Research Brief
January 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December2018
From the Desk of the Executive Director
Kate McCurdy named 2020 Board Chair
BSF charts new paths with FDA
The Power of Patients Harnessing quality registries to Understand Your Rare Disease
BSF Beat
BSF Beat Winter 2019
BSF Beat Spring 2019
Barth Community ENews
January 2020
News Archives
Video Archives
Calendar
Together We Can do More in 2020!
Events
Donate
Events
Events
February Heart Month
Rare Disease Day
Tributes
Tributes
Timothy Monahan
Will McCurdy Fund for the Advancement of Therapies for Barth Syndrome
Other Ways To Give
Previous Fundraisers
$20 for #BARTH2020
Participate in Research
Fundraising Toolkit
Set Up A Fundraiser
OVER $110K RAISED FOR RESEARCH AT 2020 NY ISLANDERS GAME
Barth Syndrome Spotlight VIDEO
Spotlight on the Barth Syndrome Foundation volunteers at the New York Islanders Game to promote awareness and raise funds to help those who have Barth syndrome.
Puck Drop VIDEO
See Connor drop the puck at the start of the game.
Steve McCurdy Interview VIDEO
Watch New York Islanders interview with Steve McCurdy, Chair Emeritus of the Barth Syndrome Foundation during the game.
Connor Woodward, age 9 and living with Barth syndrome, rides the Zamboni to raise awareness and funds for research during the February 1st New York Islanders Hockey game.
“Sports are his thing. This kid is crazy about football, baseball, soccer, hockey – but because of Barth syndrome he’s usually just watching from the sidelines because he’s just too weak to play. His heart, his muscles, his stamina – they are all affected in such a way that he struggles mightily to get through a day.”
Connor Woodward, age 9 and living with Barth syndrome, dropped the puck at a special New York Islanders hockey game to promote awareness and raise funds to help those who have Barth syndrome."We are just so proud of him, and humbled by the passion and dedication of volunteers and donors who showed up to support us. We really felt like VIPs for the day." (Stacey & Kevin Woodward, Connor's parents)
For the 4th consecutive year, the NY Islanders, a National Hockey League team, have helped to raise awareness and funds for Barth syndrome by promoting the cause, sharing a public-service announcement, and inviting a child with Barth syndrome to drop the puck. The honor this year was given to Connor Woodward, a boy who loves all sports yet struggles mightily to get through the day due to his challenges associated with Barth syndrome.
Steve McCurdy, Chair Emeritus of BSF, has been the organizing force behind this event since its inception. "Connor had the biggest smile on his face as he walked out on the ice, high-fiving the star players. And then, when our PSA played on the jumbotron during the game...wow, it felt so inspiring to be there and to reflect on the work we have done over the last 20 years. What an incredible opportunity to reach so many people and to help them become aware of Barth syndrome, and we raised over $110,000 for our efforts from fans and donors. All in all, a pretty good day!" See Steve's interview and the PSA with NHL All-Star Mathew Barzal above.
Barth syndrome is a rare, genetic mitochondrial disorder associated with life-threatening heart disease, muscle weakness, and a compromised immune system. Despite his love of sports, Connor’s ability to participate is profoundly limited by his diagnosis. Connor is currently on three medications to support his weakened heart.  He also gets two injections a week of a drug used to help improve his immune system. Almost exactly eight years ago, Connor’s parents received the diagnosis of Barth syndrome after a series of hospitalizations and diagnostic tests at Johns Hopkins Hospital. Ultimately, Connor was given the diagnosis of Barth syndrome based on a specific genetic testing panel for dilated cardiomyopathy.
“We received the diagnosis on Valentine’s Day.  Connor and I had just baked cookies for my husband, Kevin.  He came home from work, and I just started crying,” says Stacey Woodward, Connor’s mother. “The first thing Kevin did was google Barth syndrome. And then he called Barth Syndrome Foundation.” Barth Syndrome Foundation (BSF) was established two decades ago by a few valiant families who were amongst the first to have boys diagnosed with the rare condition. Amongst those founders was BSF’s current Director of Family Services, Shelley Bowen. “She gave us hope, and also a sense of direction,” remembers Kevin. Shelley also encouraged the Woodward family to bring Connor and attend BSF’s annual Scientific, Medical and Family conference. “We were so nervous about meeting other families with Barth syndrome, and we were still dealing with the shock of the diagnosis. But as soon as we got there, it felt like home. Today those friends are my lifeline, and their children are like brothers to our son. On top of that, the research that is conducted at that meeting has changed the landscape of Barth syndrome.”
Support kids like Connor! Make a donation as part of the 2020 New York Islanders awareness event.
NORD
Facebook
Powered by Firespring