http://www.massagetoday.com/privacy-policy
Home Articles Current Issue Contact Us Columnists Previous Issues Subscribe
Search
Search
Quick Links Current Issue Previous Issues Columnists Social Media
Resources About Us Author Guidelines
Manage Subscription MassageToday.com's Privacy Policy MassageToday.com is committed to protecting your privacy. By using the MassageToday.com site, you acknowledge and consent to our Privacy Policy and practices.
Data we collect When you create an account; place an order; inquire about our services; sign up for emails; opt-in to marketing; follow us or submit information via third-party social media platforms; enter a contest or participate in a marketing survey; or submit other information to us directly or through third-party services, you are asked to provide personal information that uniquely identifies you.
How your data is used We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our services. How we use your personal information will depend on which services you use, how you use those services, and the choices you make in your settings. We use the information that we have about you to provide and personalize, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, our services (including ads) so that they can be more relevant and useful to you and others. We also use the information we collect about you to communicate with you about our products and services, perform security, manage your account, track the efficacy of our site, protect against fraud and misuse of the site, provide customer service activities, and comply with applicable legal mandates, MassageToday.com policies, and industry standards.
We also use your information to perform group statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics, including to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site, and to inform advertisers of such information, without including personally identifying information. For example, we may tell an advertiser that a certain number of visitors visited a certain web page over a certain period of time.
Third-party service providers Although we do not rent or sell personal information to others, we may share information we collect with our third-party business partners, advertising companies, and other services providers to manage one of or more aspects of our business operations, including the processing or handling of personal information. We may share personal information with such third parties to perform services on our behalf such as fulfilling online orders, email distribution, processing payments, sending marketing communications, servicing products, maintenance of your account, conducting research surveys, verifying and validating information that you have provided to us, delivering products, third-party advertising, and providing customer support services.
Third-party sites This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage, even if you have accessed the sites or services of those companies through our site. Links to third-party sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. You should be aware that when you click on different links in Massage Today or advertiser e-mails, that information, along with any information disclosed in the user's messages, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other users or third parties. We encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third-party service that you access or utilize.
Cookies When you visit our web site, a “cookie” may be placed on your computer to track your visit and help us to improve the site. You may set your browser to refuse or disable cookies, but if you do so, some features of the site may not function properly.
Sale or transfer of business or assets Any information we have about you may be transferred or disclosed to a purchaser or prospective purchaser in the event of a sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets. In such event, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the transferee uses your information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Transfer of personal data Our site is hosted on web servers in the United States. If you are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction, for example, in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you agree that by providing your personal information, you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States, a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country.
Minors Our website is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
Choices You Have
You choose what information to supply to this site. Please share only information that is needed or that you believe is appropriate. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information, but without it we may not be able to respond to your request. You may access, delete, or update your personal information related to your account by contacting
editor@massagetoday.com. We will respond to requests within a reasonable timeframe. We retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, contractual statute of limitations, resolution of disputes, and enforcement of our agreements. Please note that we may not be able to delete all of your data upon request depending on the reasons above and the nature of your interactions.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive communications from MassageToday.com, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
If you have further questions about privacy or any of massagetoday.com's policies, please contact
editor@massagetoday.com.