https://www.epilepsyqueensland.com.au/about-us/epilepsy-queensland/legal-status/feedback
About Epilepsy
Epilepsy
What is Epilepsy?
Facts about Epilepsy
New Epilepsy Diagnosis
SUDEP
Glossary of Terms Explained
Frequently asked questions – FAQs
Seizure Types
What is a Seizure?
What are the Different Types of Seizures?
Febrile Seizures
Seizure First Aid
Epilepsy Management Plan
Emergency Management Plan
Seizure First Aid Resources
Seizure Smart September awareness tokens
First Aid for Seizures in Water
First Aid for Seizures in Chair
Status Epilepticus
Epilepsy Treatment
Epilepsy Medications
Epilepsy Surgery
Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) Therapy
Epilepsy Dietary Therapy
Medicinal Cannabis
Epilepsy Syndromes
Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Doose Syndrome
Dravet Syndrome
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy (JME)
Photosensitive Epilepsy
Other Epilepsy Syndromes
Functional Neurological Disorder
Living Well
Seizure Triggers
Epilepsy Risk Management
Documentation of Seizures
Aids and Equipment
Transport and Driving Guidelines
What to Take to Your Neurologist Appointment
Epilepsy and employment
For Children
For Teenagers
Women and Epilepsy
Epilepsy and Older People
Our Services
Information
Support
Epilepsy Support Groups
Advocacy
Education and Training
Epilepsy Workshops
Online Training
Online Learning Modules
Epilepsy Helpline
Seminars
NDIS
About the NDIS
EQI and the NDIS
NDIS Pre-planning Support
NDIS Resources
Assistive Technology (AT) Assessments
Children’s Program
Little Poss Club
Educational Resources
Epilepsy Smart Schools
Books
And Down Went Poss by Anne Little
Poss’s School Days by Anne Little
Lucy’s First Disco by Robin Adolphs
Out of the Shadows by Neil Cadigan and Wally Lewis
Research
The Australian Pregnancy Register
Get Involved
What’s On
Donate or Fundraise
Support our Christmas Appeal
Other Ways to Give and Make a Difference
Bequests
Corporate Partnerships
Workplace Giving
Play for Purpose Lottery
Become a Member
Membership Form
Purple Day
Purple Day Celebration and Illuminations
Our Retail Range
Pharmacies and Businesses
Schools
Purple Recipes
Volunteer
Online Shop
About Us
About Epilepsy Queensland
Mission, Goals and Values
Customer Service Charter
Our Strategic Priorities
Our Constitution
Our History
Quality Management System and Certification
Annual Reports
Government Funding
Our People
Our Patron – Wally Lewis
Our Board
Our Team
Careers at Epilepsy Queensland
Legal Status
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Feedback
News
Coronavirus and Epilepsy
Community Awareness
Latest news and information
Media Releases
Publications
Share Your Story
Personal Stories
Jeska’s Epilepsy Story
Jaz’s Epilepsy Story
Rhyannan’s Epilepsy Story
Roger’s Epilepsy Story
Subscribe
Contact Us
About UsAbout Epilepsy QueenslandLegal StatusFeedback
Feedback
To assist us at Epilepsy Queensland (EQI) to improve our services we welcome and encourage comments, suggestions and feedback from clients, carers, families, staff, volunteers and the general community.
Complaints
Any complaint will be taken seriously and no genuine complaint will be left unaddressed.
EQI provides a complaints management process that is open and transparent; can effect an early resolution; provides confidence that a complaint will be dealt with fairly and without fear of retribution; handles complaints impartially, equitably, confidentially, with appropriate sensitivity and respects privacy.
Procedure
If you have a general concern, comment or feedback, you can contact EQI to discuss.
Telephone:  34 355 000
Mail : P O Box 1457, Coorparoo BC QLD 4151
Email:  epilepsy@epilepsyqueensland.com.au
For formal complaints to be addressed appropriately, all specific, relevant details need to be provided to EQI so action to resolve the issue can be taken. Our complaints form can guide you through what information is needed.  Please contact EQI and we can mail or email a form to you or, alternatively, you can discuss your complaint with a relevant staff member who can complete the form on your behalf, for action.
You may make your formal complaint directly to the Chair of the Epilepsy Queensland Board or to the Chief Executive Officer, but for any action to be taken, all relevant details need to be provided.
In monitoring our EQI social media platforms, we realise some people may prefer to use this avenue to express a complaint, a comment or give feedback. In the case of a complaint, the person will be invited to elaborate their concern directly with EQI staff and, if they wish, make a formal complaint. If so, they will need to follow the above procedure of completing all details required by the complaints form or provide all details to a staff member who can complete the form on their behalf.
The person making the formal complaint may remain anonymous, however, all details of the complaint and a contact for the person for follow-up will need to be provided.
Access assistance
Staff can assist a person in need to make a complaint or raise a concern utilising agencies and services such as:
Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) Toll-Free on 131 450
Speech or Communication Impairment  – National Relay Service (NRS) Text Telephone (TTY) or modem callers can contact the NRS Toll-Free on 133 677
Speech to Speech Relay (SSR) – National Relay Services (NRS) Toll-Free 1300 555 727
We can also assist a person who is vision impaired to record their complaint
Complaints resolution
Complaints are recorded in our Complaints Management System for review and closeout. EQI will make every effort to resolve the issue at the time it is raised.  If this is not immediately achievable, action will be taken to resolve the complaint within five (5) working days of receiving the complaint. Where the nature of the complaint deems it necessary to be outside this time limit, the complainant will be kept informed. The complainant will be consulted and advised of the outcome of their complaint.
Where the complainant is not satisfied with the resolution offered by EQI, they may appeal the result in writing. In such cases, EQI can engage the services of an external, independent service to provide mediation assistance.