http://www.longevitymeme.org/privacy-policy/
Home
FAQ
Fund Research
Services
Investing
Therapies
Newsletter
Archives
Press Room
Resources
About
Privacy at Fight Aging!
Do you want to live a longer life in good health? Simple practices can make some difference, such
as exercise or calorie restriction. But over the long haul all that really matters is progress in medicine:
building new classes of therapy to repair and reverse the known root causes of aging. The sooner these
treatments arrive, the more lives will be saved. Find out how to help »
Fight Aging! has developed this privacy policy in order for visitors to understand how personal information is collected, used, communicated, and disclosed, as well as how Fight Aging! makes use of personal information. The following outlines the Fight Aging! privacy policy.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the Fight Aging! website choose to interact with Fight Aging! in ways that require Fight Aging! to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, commenters are asked to provide a username and email address. In each case, Fight Aging! collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Fight Aging! Fight Aging! does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain ways with the Fight Aging! website.
Website Visitors
Fight Aging! records a minimum amount of information about all visitors. This information, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each request, is automatically provided by a web browser to all web sites. This information is used for diagnostic purposes, such as debugging or producing aggregate counts, and is deleted within 30 days. It is visible and disclosed to the administrators of the website, but otherwise not disclosed other than as described below. At times, Fight Aging! may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
No Cookies
Cookies are tiny pieces of information stored by a web browser on your computer. Fight Aging! does not set cookies for visitors.
Website Comments
Fight Aging! collects potentially personally-identifying information such as IP address and email address for visitors who leave comments. Commenter IP addresses and email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the website, and to a third party anti-spam service. Otherwise this information is only disclosed as described below.
Newsletter Subscriptions
If you sign up for the Fight Aging! Newsletter, your IP address and email address will be stored. This information is used to validate subscription with an opt-in confirmation message, and to send the Fight Aging! Newsletter. It will not be used to send any other, unsolicited e-mail. This information is visible and disclosed to administrators of the website, but will not be shared with any other organization, except as described below. After unsubscribing, this data will be deleted from the database within 30 days.
Email and Other Communication
If you communicate with Fight Aging! via email or other means, Fight Aging! reserves the right to publish that communication, should it advance the Fight Aging! mission to do so.
Backups
Fight Aging! follows the common practice of storing backups of website data. When data is removed from the website, it will persist in earlier backups for no longer than 30 days. The content of backups is disclosed only to site administrators, or as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fight Aging! discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to website administrators and third party services that (i) need to know that information in order to provide services available at Fight Aging! websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those administrators may be located outside of your home country; by using the Fight Aging! website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Fight Aging! will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its website administrators and other third parties, as described above, Fight Aging! discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request, or when Fight Aging! believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Fight Aging!, third parties, or the public at large.
Fight Aging! takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
GDPR Policy
Fight Aging! will comply fully with any GDPR-specific requests.
Privacy Policy Changes
Fight Aging! may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fight Aging!'s sole discretion. Fight Aging! encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Suggested Privacy Tools
If you are concerned about your browsing habits being recorded by third parties such as advertisers, Google, and Facebook, then you might look into installing one or more of the reputable browser plugins that help to prevent this from happening. For example:
Disconnect
Ghostery
uBlock Origin
Last Updated: April 21st 2018
First Steps
Read an Introduction to Living Longer
Read the Fight Aging! FAQ
Sign up for the Fight Aging! Newsletter
Fund Meaningful Aging Research
Services
Longevity Industry Consulting
How to Start a Longevity Biotech Company
The Root Causes of Aging
Aging is Caused by Damage
Accumulating Cross-Links
Buildup of Amyloid Between Cells
The Failing Adaptive Immune System
The Failing Innate Immune System
Declining Lysosomal Function
Mitochondrial DNA Damage
Nuclear DNA Damage
Buildup of Senescent Cells
Archives and Feeds
Monthly News and Blog Archives
Newsletter Archive
RSS Posts Feed
RSS Comments Feed
Using the Fight Aging! Content Feeds
Required Reading
Calorie Restriction and Longevity
Cryonics, the Necessary Backup Plan
How to Argue for Longevity Science
The Odds of Human Longevity Mutations
The Need For Activism and Advocacy
Nuanced Opposition to the FDA
Potential Gene Therapy Targets
Predicting the First Rejuvenation Therapies
Self-Experiment to Fight Aging!
SENS: Bringing an End to Aging
Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine
Those Determined to Merely Slow Aging
The Three Types of Aging Research
Transhumanism and Human Longevity
What is Robust Mouse Rejuvenation?
Why Prioritize SENS Research?
The Million Year Life Span
Non-Profit Initiatives
Age Reversal Network
Alliance for Aging Research
American Aging Association
Betterhumans
Biogerontology Research Foundation
Brain Preservation Foundation
ELPIs Foundation for Indefinite Lifespans
Forever Healthy Foundation
Fundación Vidaplus
Global Healthspan Policy Institute
Heales
Health Extension
International Longevity Alliance
Life Extension Advocacy Foundation
Lifespan.io
LongeCity
Major Mouse Testing Program
Maximum Life Foundation
Methuselah Foundation
New Organ Prize
Open Longevity
Palo Alto Longevity Prize
Regenerative Sciences Institute
Science Against Aging (Translate)
SENS Research Foundation
The Longevity Industry
Aging Biotech Info: Companies
Aging Biotech Info: Conferences
Relevant Venture Funds
Apollo Ventures
Emerging Longevity Ventures
Juvenescence
Kizoo Technology Ventures
Kronos Bioventures
Longevity Fund
Mann Bioinvest
Methuselah Fund
Thynk Capital
Benefiting from Medical Research
How to Read Scientific Research
Researching Therapies and Clinical Trials
Objections Answered
Boredom
Inequality and Economics
Overpopulation
Stagnation and Slow Progress
Progress Requires Death
Immortal Dictators
Being Older for Longer
What About Retirement?
Blogs of Interest
@ging
Aging and the genes (Translate)
Aging Sciences - Anti-Aging Firewalls
Alcor News
ALZFORUM
Biostasis
Brain Preservation Prize Blog
Buck Institute News
Cellular Senescence Blog
Cryonics Magazine
Deep, Healthy Lifespan Extension
Ethical Technology Blog
Foresight Institute
Geroscience
h+ Magazine
Hourglass
Immortality Roadmap
In Search of Enlightenment
Josh Mitteldorf
Lifeboat Foundation Blog
Life Extension Advocacy Foundation Blog
Long Long Life
Longevity.Technology
LongevityMarketcap Newsletter
Longevity Advice
Longevity Facts
Longevity Letter
The Meaning of Life
Metamodern
Methuselah Foundation News
Nanodot
Ouroboros
The Rational Argumentator
Rejuvenaction
Singularity Hub
Singularity Weblog
Sonia Arrison
Tomorrow Edition
Creative Commons
All original content at Fight Aging! is published under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
In short, this means that you are encouraged to republish and rewrite
Creative Commons licensed Fight Aging! content in any way you see fit. We
only ask that that you are polite and (a) link to the original,
(b) attribute the author, and (c) attribute Fight Aging!.