https://www.medicalsolutions.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
Terms of use
Medical Solutions is committed to protecting your privacy and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of customer information very seriously. We will never share or sell your information. This policy explains how we use customer information and how we protect your privacy.
Use of Customer Information: We require certain information to allow use of the Medical Solutions Website and Share Your Snapshot Photo Contest. Medical Solutions collects the details provided by you, together with information we learn about you from your use of our service and your visits to our website and other sites accessible from them. We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotions or competitions offered by us and information you provide when giving us feedback. We may use your information to provide and personalize our service. We may also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may use your information to send you offers and news about Medical Solutions services. We may contact you by post, email, telephone (including SMS) or fax for these purposes. Your data may be used for the following purposes: statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing, maintenance and development, customer surveys, customer relations and to help us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preferences. After you submit your entry, you can opt-out of receiving email updates at any time by following the unsubscribe link in any of our email communications. We like to receive feedback from our customers to help us improve our service. We may contact you by post, email, telephone, or fax to ask your opinions. We may also use and analyze the information that we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business. The information that you provide to us will be held in our systems, which are located on our premises or those of an appointed third party. We may also allow access to your information by other third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Site tracking: We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site to better meet the needs of visitors. This software does not enable us to capture any personally identifying information. Security to protect your information and data retention: We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorized access. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you. In the circumstances set out in this policy where Medical Solutions passes your information to a third party, we will ensure that the security measures that such party has in place in relation to the processing of your data are at least as stringent as those employed by Medical Solutions. This does not apply where we are required by law to pass your information to a third party.
We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive if you wish. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent that. Even without a cookie you can use most of the features on the website. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Cookies are also used in email messages you have agreed to receive and at our website to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our offers and marketing strategy, you can “opt-out” of this email cookie. If you click on a link in the e-mail, we may set a cookie on your browser. If you visit Medical Solutions.com as a result of clicking on a link, we are able to understand how you interact with the pages of our website through the combination of the cookie and pixels set on the pages of our website. This enables us to understand what interested you in our emails and what did not, and what interests you about our website and what does not. We can then try to send you more interesting information in the future. Please note that this information is for our use only — we do not disclose or share this information with any third parties. If you do not wish this to happen, you can change the cookie settings in your browser. Disclosure to third parties: Your information may be passed to and used by Medical Solutions L.L.C. We or our partners may also send you details of other products which we think may be of interest. For your convenience and information the Medical Solutions website provides links to other websites. Medical Solutions would like to make you aware that these sites may have different security and privacy policies and that we have no control over and take no responsibility for any information contained in these sites. Your consent: In using the Medical Solutions website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Medical Solutions in the ways described above. If you have any further questions about our Privacy Policy or its implementation, please contact our customer services department. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
About Us
Medical Solutions Gives
Careers
Blog
Job SeekersJob SeekersJobs
Resources
Benefits
Contact Us
ClientsClientsWorkforce Solutions
Resources
Contact Client Services
Stay in touch with us
facebook
instagram
youtube
twitter
Get in touch with us
Call us
Medical Solution's phone number:
1.866.633.3548
info@medicalsolutions.comEmail us
© 2020 Medical Solutions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Back to top