http://www.femail.co.uk/privacy
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Latest Headlines
Meghan Markle
Fashion Finder
Food
Shopping
Gardening
Parenting Blog
Games
My Profile
Logout
Login
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Friday, Dec 11th 2020
12AM
60°F
3AM
62°F
5-Day Forecast
Femail
Updated: 07:24 EST
Advertisement
show ad
Women who are twice the age they look leave TikTok users 'speechless' in videos - so, can YOU guess how old they are?Youthful-looking TikTok users from around the world left fans 'speechless' when they revealed their real ages in a series of viral videos.The most mispronounced words of 2020 revealedPeople reveal the basic things they didn't knowThe most satisfying images EVER?
George Michael's seven-bedroom north London mansion next door to Kate Moss which was previously let to celebrities for £15,000-a-week sells for £19million - more than TWICE what he paid for it
The seven-bedroom pad in The Grove in Highgate village, pictured, which was previously let to celebrities for £15,000 a week, has reportedly been snapped up by a 'local couple' on the 'grey market'. The Wham singer, inset, who died from heart and liver complications on Christmas Day in 2016 aged just 53, paid £7.65million for the property and spent many of his reclusive years there. He lived there with Kenny Goss, his partner for 13 years until 2009, and the singer's famous friends regularly gathered there for parties. The buyers are understood to have 'swooped in' and gazumped another interested party after hearing through the grapevine that the property was being sold off-market through an agent who was receiving offers after approaching a select pool of wealthy potential purchasers, reports the Evening Standard. ...read
...read
204
306 comments
1 video
Ad Feature
As more Brits choose to shop with independent businesses, one NHS nurse reveals the HUGE difference shopping small can make to people's lives
Many savvy Brits have been turning their minds to setting up their own small businesses, bolstering the economy in its time of need and following their dreams.
27 comments
1 video
220 shares
How one NHS nurse is making waves in the world of afro hair care
Partner of electrician, 62, who took his life after eye surgery went wrong REFUSES apology from tearful surgeon who called him a 'difficult patient' and didn't return his call about a corrective procedure
The partner of, Paul Dance, 62, an electrician who took his life after eye surgery went wrong refused to accept an apology offered by a surgeon at an inquest into the death.
3 comments
51 shares
Partner of an electrician who took own life refuses surgeon's apology
Dubai-born rich kid, 20, who once worked in retail 'for the experience' is left humbled by parents-of-five who skip breakfast to pay for their sons' football training
Reni, 20, a wealthy international student from Dubai living in Mayfair, went to stay with the Ukpebor, a family-of-seven from South London who lived on £1,500 max a month.
5 comments
5 shares
Dubai heir is shocked by skint parents-of-five who skip breakfast
Queen is 'particularly happy' for her granddaughter Zara Tindall who is expecting her third child after having two miscarriages while trying for second baby, sources tell Vanity Fair
Queen, 94, is 'particularly happy' Mike, 41, and Zara Tindall, 39, who live in Gloucester, are expecting after they had two miscarriages, according to Vanity Fair's Katie Nicholl.
70 comments
1 video
9.8k shares
The Queen is 'particularly happy' for Mike and Zara Tindall
Dior is STILL using Johnny Depp as the face of Sauvage scent after 'wife beater' libel trial 'because brand didn't have time to re-shoot new adverts' for 'lucrative' Christmas slots, expert claims
The American actor, 57, remains the face of Sauvage, with branding expert Nick Ede telling FEMAIL Dior 'wouldn't have time to shoot a new advert for Christmas.'
190k
744 comments
1 video
Santa's little helpers! New York couple reveal they've replied to 2,000 letters to Father Christmas mistakenly delivered to their apartment over 10 years
Jim Glaub, 40, told BBC Radio 4 how he has answered over 2,000 letters addressed to Santa Claus and delivered to his New York apartment from needy children every year
13k
3 comments
1 video
Grade II-listed Mapperton House which featured in Netflix's Rebecca and is home to the glamorous US-born Viscountess Hinchingbrooke is named Garden of the Year by Historic Houses
Mapperton House, home to the Earl and Countess of Sandwich and their son and daughter-in-law the Viscount and Viscountess Hinchingbrooke, has been crowned Historic Houses' Garden of the Year.
18 comments
2 videos
5 shares
Mapperton House named Historic Houses' Garden of the Year
Don't let the kitchen counter hit you on the way out! Actor is baffled by London flat where the back door is only accessible via a secret staircase hidden UNDER the worktops
Actor Jamie Wilkes, who recently starred in His Dark Materials, took to Twitter to share the bizarre scene after stumbling across the 'hidden escape route' while house-hunting in London.
33 comments
1 video
7 shares
Bizarre flat layout leaves viewers scratching their heads
Bing
Site
Web
Enter search term:
Search
IN FEMAIL TODAY...
Sophie Winkleman claims she's not had a 'single negative experience' since she joined the Royal Family
Prince Charles's goddaughter Lady India Hicks shares a touching family photo
Dinner to your door... all you have to do is turn on the oven!
Queen Rania of Jordan unveils stunning new portrait with her VERY photogenic family
Prince William and Kate Middleton gave 'very authentic glimpses into their relationship'
How senior royals' face coverings reflect their personal style
Like
DailyMail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
@dailymail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Femail RSS feed
RSS
My Yahoo!
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
MUST READ
In-DOG-nito! Owners share snaps as part of the #HiddenDogChallenge - but can YOU spot the pooches hiding in plain sight?
Owners from around the world have shared pictures of their pooches blending into their surroundings as part of the #hiddendogchallenge with the best examples shared on Bored Panda. Pictured clockwise from top left: hiding on the road; blending into the snow; lost in the bed; camouflaged in the bedroom; peeking out from the bed clothes; tucked into the cabinet.
35 comments
52 shares
Can YOU spot the dogs that are hiding in plain sight?
Asda to close ALL stores for Boxing Day and give 100% bonus to eligible frontline staff for their 'unstinting hard work and commitment' during 2020
Chief executive Roger Burnley said all of Asda's 631 stores across the UK will be shut on both Christmas Day and Boxing Day. Staff who were contracted to work on Boxing Day will be paid.
40 comments
2.1k shares
Asda to close all stores for Boxing Day
Can YOU find the only nutcracker without a moustache? Seek-and-find puzzle will put your observation skills to the test - and there's a 46-second record to beat
A new brainteaser, created by UK-based home furnishings retailer Terrys, challenges puzzlers to spot the only nutcracker without a moustache. So, can you beat the current 46 second record?
51 comments
1 video
34 shares
Can YOU spot the only nutcracker without a moustache?
Fun, feel-good but oh-so fashionable, this year's crop of Christmas jumpers mean...Yule wear them all year
British style expert Amy Kester, picked out a selection of this year's most stylish Christmas jumpers to suit all budgets. Categories include jazzy, sequin, slogan, star print and fair isle.
50 comments
10 shares
This year's crop of Christmas jumpers
Who'll find love on our virtual date? This week it's Julie, 36 and James, 38, but will romance be on the cards?
Every week, FEMAIL sends two UK singletons on a virtual blind date and asks them to report back. Heating and fire specialist Julie, 36, and hospital electrician James, 38, share their experience.
3 comments
27 shares
Who'll find love on our virtual date? This week it's Julie and James
Moment Mike Tindall reveals wife Zara Tindall, 39, is expecting their third child on his podcast to cheers from his rugby mates - in a break from formal Buckingham Palace announcement
Zara Tindall, 39, who is four months pregnant with her third child, is 'always careful because of things that have happened in the past', says Mike Tindall, 41, as he announces they are expecting.
1.9k comments
2 videos
14k shares
Zara Tindall is pregnant with her third child
A right royal mischief maker! Duchess of Cornwall is left in hysterics after her rescue Jack Russell Beth takes the lead to unveil plaque at new Battersea Dogs and Cats Home kennels
The Duchess of Cornwall, 73, wrapped up warm today as she took her rescue Jack-Russell terrier Beth to Battersea Dogs and Cats Home to open a new kennel at the facility.
790 comments
2 videos
1.8k shares
Duchess of Cornwall takes her rescue Jack-Russell terrier Beth
It's a hard dog's life! Hilarious snap shows 'spoiled' greyhound hogging his owner's electric blanket for a cheeky nap (and he snores too)
Kathryn Cornish, 40, from Backwell, Somerset, was left in stitches when she found her 'spoiled' greyhound Charlie had tucked himself under the duvet to enjoy her new electric blanket.
85 comments
654 shares
'Spoilt' greyhound found hogging his owner's electric blanket
Everyday Ageism: FEMAIL columnist CHRISTA D'SOUZA reveals The Vaccine Priority List is the number one topic of conversation among those of a certain age
Christa D'Souza says The Vaccine Priority List has become a hot topic among those of a certain age. British columnist reveals she's treasuring the moment because it rarely pays to be older.
1 comment
share
Everyday Ageism: FEMAIL columnist CHRISTA D'SOUZA
JENNI MURRAY: I long to be a granny... but my son won't let me mention it!
Jenni Murray admits her mind was on grandchildren when she moved to the South Coast. British columnist says her son told her it's none of her business, whether he has children or not.
31 comments
share
JENNI MURRAY: I long to be a granny... but my son won't let me
Keep those rosy lips when the mask slips! Lipstick sales have fallen by half. But a raft of new ones promise not to rub off on your mask. CLAIRE COLEMAN puts her pout through its paces
Research shows sales of lipstick in the UK slumped a staggering 49 per cent between August and October. Claire Coleman gives her verdict on long-lasting lipsticks that can be worn with a face covering.
134 comments
32 shares
Keep those rosy lips when the mask slips!
Give the man in your life the perfect present this Christmas! Femail reveals the best gifts for him - from a £7 razor to a £435 touchscreen watch
FEMAIL rounds up the very best present ideas for the men in your life - no matter what your budget. Highlights include a temperature control mug, wood-fired pizza oven and a twist on Monopoly.
88 comments
3 shares
Christmas gift guide present ideas for men
Why Motsi won't rule out a breast reduction: Why she disappeared to Germany midway through the show. Online abuse and how she quit Twitter. And what she really thinks of her sensational curves. The Strictly judge's most candid interview yet
Motsi Mabuse from South Africa, reveals she's experienced racial abuse since her childhood. Mother-of-one, 39, who now lives in Germany, is best known for judging Strictly Come Dancing.
237 comments
2 videos
43 shares
Strictly judge Motsi's most candid interview yet
As ever more actors disrobe on prime-time dramas: Should we be celebrating male nudity on TV?
This year's hit British dramas including Normal People and Industry, featured male full-frontal nudity. Bel Mooney and Hannah Betts debate if we should embrace naked actors on screen.
44 comments
34 shares
Should we be celebrating male nudity on TV?
The pants that really do take back control: As Katy Perry bares her shapewear, LIZ JONES celebrates the unveiling of so many women's guilty secret
Liz Jones claims Katy Perry's photo wearing shapewear is what we need to silence the wail that goes up every time we glimpse a celebrity who has lost their baby weight.
154 comments
1 share
LIZ JONES celebrates the unveiling of so many women's guilty secret
Pub quiz experts reveal the ten trickiest questions that frequently trip players up - so, how many can YOU answer correctly?
UK-based pub quiz experts SpeedQuizzing have compiled a list of the top ten trickiest questions that routinely catch out even seasoned quizzers - with subjects ranging from science to politics.
412 comments
1 video
86 shares
Pub quiz experts reveal the top ten trickiest questions
London's most popular German restaurant, German Gymnasium, will be drawing inspiration from a well-known fairy tale this winter. Running for the Christmas season right through to the end of January, German Gymnasium will be transforming its popular outside space into a 'Hansel & Gretel' inspired woodland winter terrace in partnership with Jack Daniel's. Be sure to try the deliciously warming cocktails, which include the Winter Berry Lemonade and Spiced Mulled Apfel, before tucking into some hearty delights. We recommend the chicken schnitzel with braised red cabbage, while the warm apple strudel is another winner. So, follow the breadcrumbs here!Book hereWHERE TO EAT & DRINK THIS MONTH
skinSense, founded by skin care expert Abi Cleeve, harnesses the ground-breaking powers of Lamellar technology to lock highly active ingredients into the skin so that they work harder for longer.
Now you can save on a bundle of five full sized products including a new launch, worth £168, on sale for £43.98. Pamper your skin with Highly Active Day Cream, an Overnight Leave on Mask, Double Strength 0.6% Retinol Serum, Restorative Eye Cream and a newly-launched Nourishing Facial Oil with skinSense's signature ingredient LinefillTM (derived from cold pressed Sesame Seed Oil).BuyFASHION AND BEAUTY FAVOURITESClick on image for info
We try before you buy: Decorations that do good as well as look good
Today's headlines
Most Read
Revealed: George Michael fan who paid £19m for singer's seven-bed North London mansion next door to Kate Moss as he says he can't wait to move in with his family
Ad Feature
As more Brits choose to shop with independent businesses, one NHS nurse reveals the HUGE difference shopping small can make to people's lives
Partner of electrician, 62, who took his life after eye surgery went wrong REFUSES apology from tearful surgeon who called him a 'difficult patient' and didn't return his call about a corrective procedure
Dubai-born rich kid, 20, who once worked in retail 'for the experience' is left humbled by parents-of-five who skip breakfast to pay for their sons' football training
Queen is 'particularly happy' for her granddaughter Zara Tindall who is expecting her third child after having two miscarriages while trying for second baby, sources tell Vanity Fair
Dior is 'insulting domestic abuse victims' by sticking with wife beater Johnny Depp: Lawyer slams luxury brand for STILL using disgraced actor in Sauvage aftershave ads after he lost bombshell libel trial
Santa's little helpers! New York couple reveal they've replied to 2,000 letters to Father Christmas mistakenly delivered to their apartment over 10 years
MORE HEADLINES
Women who are twice the age they look leave TikTok users 'speechless' in viral videos - so, can YOU guess how old they are?
Santa's little helpers! New York couple reveal they've replied to 2,000 letters to Father Christmas mistakenly delivered to their apartment over 10 years
Dior is 'insulting domestic abuse victims' by sticking with wife beater Johnny Depp: Lawyer slams luxury brand for STILL using disgraced actor in Sauvage aftershave ads after he lost bombshell libel trial
Are these the most satisfying images EVER? Perfectionists showcase the best moments when different items fit together exactly
In-DOG-nito! Owners share snaps as part of the #HiddenDogChallenge - but can YOU spot the pooches hiding in plain sight?
Revealed: George Michael fan who paid £19m for singer's seven-bed North London mansion next door to Kate Moss as he says he can't wait to move in with his family
Queen is 'particularly happy' for her granddaughter Zara Tindall who is expecting her third child after having two miscarriages while trying for second baby, sources tell Vanity Fair
MOST READ IN DETAIL
Elsa McAlonan's Beauty Upgrades: How to add sparkle with glitzy lips
CELEBRITY STYLE WATCH... AMANDA HOLDENCELEBRITY STYLE WATCH... AMANDA HOLDENAmanda Holden nailed her neutrals as she exited Heart Radio after presenting her show in London.Here's how to get her understated look for less...Amanda Holden nailed her neutrals as she exited Heart RadioBuyBeige utility belted midi dress, £55, River IslandBuyMine knee high boots, £44.99, Public DesireBuyCream longline coat, £40, PrettyLittleThingBuySund Crossbody Bag, £25, weekday.comBuyPillow Talk Original, £25, Charlotte TilburyBuyCoin Necklace, £26.99, gettingpersonal.co.uk
Va Va Voom Velvet! How to wear the new 'it' fabric
These soft, sweat-wicking pants from Lululemon have you covered for warming up, cooling down, and chilling out this winter. Perfect for everything from the gym to long road trips. Available in Lunar Rock, Cassis, Black and Dark Olive, there's a shade to suit all occasions. The Ready to Rulu joggers feature front pockets with interior card sleeve and a drawstring to customise the fit. So, are you Ready to Rulu?Buy hereSHAPE UP: The latest fitness news and productsClick on image for more details and scroll through for more
IN GOOD HEALTH TODAY
THE 10 NUTRIENTS YOUR BODY NEEDS TO FIGHT INFECTION:
A healthy immune system has never been so important. Now, a new book by a leading scientist reveals your prescription for staying fighting fit
HYPE OR HOPE:
More than a million people in the UK are thought to use illegally bought marijuana for medical conditions so what IS the truth about cannabis as medicine?
HOW SWEAT COULD STOP YOU SWEATING:
Scientists say they can make antiperspirant from your body fluids
ASK THE GP:
'Why did I suddenly start talking gibberish?': DR MARTIN SCURR answers your health questions
EAT IT
Top places to drink and dine... and the latest food news
more
DON'T MISS
'Bye, Gran': Sweet moment Prince William bids the Queen farewell after reuniting with all the senior royals at Windsor Castle for first time since pandemic started
The Duke of Cambridge, 38, called out a tender farewell to his grandmother the Queen, 94, after reuniting for the first time in public since March (left). As the monarch made her way back into Windsor Castle Prince, William appeared to say: 'Bye Gran.' (right). It is currently unknown when Prince William and Kate Middleton, 38, will see the Queen again after the traditional royal Christmas was cancelled.
40k
955 comments
1 video
Have you ever spied on your partner? Real people tell Tracey Cox the worst things they've discovered - from a wife cheating with her husband's best friend to hours of gay porn (but she still insists you should NEVER do it)
Sexpert Tracey Cox asked both men and women to reveal their stories about snooping on their partners and reveals the giveaway signs your partner is cheating so you don't have to spy.
148 comments
6 shares
Tracey Cox gets women and men to spill their snooping stories
Are these the pettiest bugbears EVER? People reveal the simple things that get under their skin - from shortening 'chocolate' to 'choccie' to leaving the stickers on new shoes
Taking to Mumsnet , parents from across the UK, have revealed their very amusing pet hates - including leaving stickers attached to the bottom of new shoes and picking the pith off satsumas.
140 comments
1 share
Parents reveal their VERY amusing pet hates
'I'm expecting you will be getting in with me': Woman slams 'sexist and creepy' hot tub delivery man who told her she looked 'gorgeous' during text exchange
Tracey Binnie, of East Lothian, received a text from a stranger asking when they could drop the hot tub off but he swiftly followed with an apology explaining the message was for someone else.
435 comments
share
Woman slams man who mistakenly text her as 'creepy' for hitting on her
'Strongest girl in the world', seven, who can lift weights of 80kg says she 'just clears her mind and does it' - as her parents insist the hobby 'is safe'
Little Rory van Ulft, seven, from Ottowa, is just four foot tall and can lift weights of 80kg, with her father Cavan insisting she is 'the strongest little girl in the world.'
103 comments
1 video
1.8k shares
'Strongest girl in the world', seven, who can deadlift 80kg
'There should be no difference in how we treat mental and physical fitness': Prince Harry praises mandatory mental training for the military as 'an amazing step forward'
Prince Harry, 36, who is living in his $14 million Californian home, praised the introduction of mandatory mental health training in the military as an 'amazing step forward'.
1.5k comments
628 shares
Prince Harry shares delight mental health in military training
'It's the best Christmas present ever': Girl, 8, with rare blood disorder finds life-saving bone marrow donor thanks to a This Morning appeal after her first match dropped out at the last minute
Evie Hodgson, eight, from Yorkshire, who has a life-threatening blood disease, revealed on This Morning that she cried with happiness when she found out she has a new donor, saying it's 'amazing'.
16 comments
1 video
49 shares
Girl, 8, gets life-saving transplant due to a rare blood disorder
Prince William and Kate Middleton gave 'very authentic glimpses into their relationship' with 'looks of love' and 'gentle touches' on royal train tour in a bid to 'boost morale by projecting warmth', body language expert claims
British body language expert Judi James suggested the look of love shared by Prince William and Kate during their UK tour showcased a sense of 'warmth and fun'.
583 comments
2 videos
1.3k shares
Prince William and Kate Middleton are 'projecting a sense of fun'
Don't get caught out by a 'catfish'! More influencers reveal what they REALLY look like without glamorous hair and make-up
TikTok users from around the world have been showing off what they really look like when they upload ultra glamorous pictures of themselves on Instagram in a hilarious new viral trend.
518 comments
1 video
1.2k shares
TikTok users reveal how they look while posting glam selfies
Son slams 'inhumane' care home staff for refusing to let him visit his dying mother, 89, who has dementia while she was still able to recognise him
Nick Collins, 58, from Chippenham, told FEMAIL the Mildenhall Lodge Care Home in Suffolk only granted him a visit with his mother when it was 'too late', saying she didn't even know he was there.
1 comment
1 video
192 shares
Refused a visit to dying mum in care home
Stick another sprout on the BBQ! Chefs reveal how to prepare a three-course Christmas dinner OUTSIDE to avoid indoor household mixing - from barbecued turkey to grilled pudding
It's a daunting prospect for novice barbecuers, so to give you a helping hand, FEMAIL has gathered hints and tips from BBQ experts and top chefs to help you prepare your festive meal in the garden.
141 comments
106 shares
Chefs reveal how to BBQ your turkey to enjoy Christmas dinner outside
'I thought Black Mirror was supposed to be fiction?' Virtual audience on the Royal Variety Performance is likened to the hit Netflix show as viewers brand it 'the most dystopian thing they've seen'
This year, the event took place at the Blackpool Opera House, but due to Covid-19 restrictions, featured a virtual audience rather than the usual filled auditorium for the first time in its history.
58 comments
3 videos
12 shares
Virtual audience on Royal Variety Performance compared to Black Mirror
Should have put a ring on it! Woman, 26, takes her boyfriend to COURT for not marrying her after eight years of dating and a child together
Gertrude Ngoma, from Zambia, has launched legal proceedings against boyfriend Herbert Salaliki, to demand he outline his plans for the future, local news outlet Mwebantu has reported.
143 comments
6.5k shares
Woman sues her boyfriend for not proposing to her after eight years
Nightmare before Christmas: Doctors battle to save Santa's life in emotional new NHS charity advert (just don't let the children see!)
The touching film, entitled The Gift, which celebrates NHS staff and volunteers, features a dramatic opening, with a very poorly Santa wheeled into a medical ward by paramedics.
18k
350 comments
1 video
And you thought your family Christmas was weird! People share their awkward festive photos including posing NAKED and matching outfits with the dogs
Here, FEMAIL looks at the strangest and most cringe-worthy photos uploaded by users from around the world, from children dressed as celebrities to a couple who matched with their Labrado
122 comments
100 shares
People share their awkward festive photos
How to make the BEST Portuguese custard tarts in your own kitchen: Baker, 19, reveals his secret recipe using only eight ingredients
Australian baker Morgan Hipworth, 19, has unveiled his recipe to make the perfect Portuguese custard tarts at home with ease.
107 comments
1 video
330 shares
Baker, 19, shares his secret recipe for Portuguese custard tarts
Mother, 29, who made the difficult decision to start chemotherapy at 11 weeks pregnant reveals she's had the all clear and is preparing to celebrate her healthy son's first birthday
Roberta Burton, from Stannington, Northumberland, was carrying her third child when doctors diagnosed her with stage 2 Hodgkin's lymphoma. The 29-year-old nursing assistant was 'terrified' that chemotherapy would harm her unborn baby but without it said she risked not being there for her other two children. She made the 'tough' decision to start treatment and, just over one year later, is relieved to now be preparing to celebrate her son's first birthday. Pictured: Roberta at 23 weeks pregnant (left), ringing the end-of-treatment bell with baby Elias (right) and together with her youngest son (inset).
6 comments
4.1k shares
Mother reveals decision to start chemotherapy at 11 weeks pregnant
Woman, 22, with MS which affects her memory and ability to walk admits she's grown apart from loved ones who see her with a 'label on her head' since diagnosis
EXCLUSIVE: Ellie Marsh, 22, from Castle Donnington, East Mids, is sharing her story as new research shows one in five people diagnosed with MS in the UK is now under the age of 30.
44 comments
27 shares
Woman with relapsing MS says it's caused rift between her and family
Mother-of-two reveals she's spent £35 on her children's Christmas presents after buying them all from charity shops to teach them the value of money
Amelia Kennard, 26, of Northampton, told Fabulous Digital she's spent around £35 on her sons AJ, five, and Forrest, one, this year, admitting she refuses to 'splash out on disposable tat'.
94 comments
2 shares
Mother buys ALL children's Christmas presents from charity shops
Kate Middleton supports family friend and Norfolk neighbour Rosie van Cutsem's country fashion label by donning £195 sustainable lambswool jumper during Christmas Express tour
The Duchess of Cambridge, 38, supported family friend Rosie Van Cutsem, 38, during her UK-wide tour by wearing a cosy white Christmas jumper by her brand.
123 comments
22 shares
Kate Middleton supports Rosie van Cutsem's country outerwear company
Parents left outraged by maths homework featuring sums about women going on spa breaks and calculating weight loss - while men buy bikes and do sit-ups
William Sutcliffe, from Edinburgh, took to Twitter to share the maths questions. The post was flooded with comments by parents who accused the textbook of 'reinforcing sexist stereotypes'.
194 comments
62 shares
Parents outraged after homework features women calculating weight loss
The Kate effect is back! Duchess of Cambridge's £255 snakeskin clutch by Meghan Markle's favourite bag brand Strathberry sells out within HOURS after royal carried it on tour
A £255 clutch by Meghan Markle's, 39, favourite bag brand has sold out within hours of Kate Middleton, 38, stepping out with the piece during her royal tour yesterday.
356 comments
38 shares
Kate Middleton's clutch by Meghan Markle's favourite brand sells out
Countess of cookery! Sophie Wessex dons an apron and face mask as she's joined by Prince Edward to help community centre volunteers prepare meals
Prince Edward, 56, and Sophie Wessex, 56, arrived in Guildford today and helped prepare meals alongside volunteers at the charity FoodWise at Moorcroft Community Centre.
35 comments
63 shares
The Earl and Countess of Wessex join volunteers in cooking for charity
Physics student, 30, makes £600 a month selling her WORN pants and tights to 'sugar daddies' - but her family think her woodwork passion funds her studies
Undergraduate Mel Brown, 30, from Newcastle, offers her used undergarments to people from all over the world and has now had nearly 20,000 people check out her online shop in a matter of months.
187 comments
41 shares
Student makes £600 a month selling WORN pants to 'sugar daddies'
'I've had more joy from changing lives than buying jewellery!' Couple who scooped the £115 million pound Euromillions jackpot in 2019 reveal they've given away HALF to loved ones, charity and those in need
Frances, 54, and Patrick Connolly, 56, who live in north-east England, won a £114.9million Euromillions jackpot in 2019 and have given away £60million to good causes and set up two charitable trusts since.
418 comments
1 video
34k shares
Lottery winners have already given half their jackpot to good causes
Where to next? Kate Middleton and Prince William are pictured waiting on the platform to board the royal train as they continue their three-day tour across the UK
An atmospheric shot shared to the Kensington Royal Instagram account shows the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge waiting to board the royal train after paying a visit to Batley.
488 comments
2 videos
1.9k shares
Kate Middleton and Prince William wait to board royal train
PP-Tree! Families deck the halls with toilet roll, face masks and syringes to mark the end of 2020
Schools, dentist offices, shops and even family homes across the UK have shown off their Covid-themed trees which have been decorated with face masks, toilet roll, and hand sanitiser.
33 comments
24 shares
People are decorating their Christmas trees with PPE
A clash of prints! Lady Amelia Windsor wraps up warm in a check coat and striped trousers as she goes for a walk in London
Lady Amelia Windsor, 25, cur a stylish figure as she paired a black and white check jacket with striped trousers during a low-key outing in London today.
15 comments
3 shares
Lady Amelia Windsor wraps up warm as she goes for a walk in London
'As if 2020 wasn't weird enough!' Record-breaking strongman, 73, baffles This Morning viewers after balancing Christmas tree on his head in final stunt before retirement
This Morning viewers were baffled after John Evans, 73, from Derbyshire balanced a Christmas tree on his head live on the show today in a final show of strength.
8 comments
1 video
share
Strongman baffles by balancing Christmas tree on his head
Prince William and Kate Middleton admit they 'don't know what to do for Christmas' because 'it's so difficult to make plans' - after Queen cancelled family gathering at Sandringham
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge told students in Cardiff that they didn't know who to spend the festive season with during their tour of England, Scotland and Wales.
372 comments
4 videos
578 shares
Prince William and Kate admit they haven't made Christmas plans
Prince Charles has always been there for me... but I can't invite him to my wedding: She was Princess Diana's bridesmaid. Now, aged 53 - and after several painful setbacks - India Hicks tells why she has finally agreed to be a bride herself
Bridesmaids, pah! The irony is that India Hicks - one of the most famous bridesmaids of all - never thought she would be needing one.
469 comments
1 video
61 shares
Diana's bridesmaid India Hicks says Charles won't come to her wedding
Sainsbury's is targeted by anti-hunting activists for featuring 'wildlife terrorist' Vinnie Jones in its latest ad campaign
The actor, 55, featured in a series called Shopping Smarts, released last Thursday, to promote the retailer's popular Nectar cards. But his outspoken love of hunting has angered some.
142 comments
1 video
829 shares
Sainsbury's slammed over decision to use Vinnie Jones in ad campaign
Kate's coats of many colours! Duchess goes from high street to high end as she sports cover-ups from Hobbs, Alexander McQueen and Catherine Walker on royal train tour - and they're ALL recycled
Kate, 38, stunned in an Alexander McQueen long-line cover-up (pictured second left), which she first wore in October for the launch of her Hold Still competition, when kicking off the second day of engagements in Cardiff, alongside her husband Prince William, 38. According to celebrity stylist Rochelle White, the mother-of-three is being 'strategic' with her fashion choices as she tries to avoid outshining the reason for the couple's tour, which is to thank frontline workers for their efforts during Covid-19. Yesterday, Kate, who is known for her clever reuses of older garments, opted to wear a navy Hobbs coat (pictured centre left), first worn during a visit to Wales earlier this year, while in Yorkshire, after recycling a frosty blue Catherine Walker garment (pictured centre right) when in Edinburgh. She started the tour at Euston station by re-wearing a smart green Alexander McQueen coat (pictured right) to board the Royal Train for the first of nine stops on the couple's whirlwind 48 hour, 1,250-mile tour. Her final look at Windsor Castle (left) was a Catherine Walker coat, estimated to cost £3,000 and which she first wore during a tour of Ireland in March 2020.
172 comments
2 videos
18k shares
Kate Middleton dons a FOURTH recycled coat
on royal train tour
Dad, I know him! Man dresses as Buddy the Elf to 'break the ice' when he meets his biological father for the first time says
Doug Henning, 43, from Maine, who was adopted as a baby, recreated a scene from Christmas film Elf as he met his biological for the first time. He appeared on This Morning today.
12 comments
1 video
539 shares
Man reenacts scene from Elf while meeting his biological father
Princess Beatrice's stepson's mother Dara Huang advises busy parents to 'lean on partners and mothers-in-law' and 'delegate to nannies and cleaners' as she reveals she worked on her due date
American-Chinese architect Dara Huang, 38, the mother of Princess Beatrice's stepson, offered advice to new parents trying to maintain a work life balance on Instagram.
119 comments
64 shares
Princess Beatrice's stepson's mother advises working parents
Are YOUR Christmas decorations tacky or tasteful? Etiquette expert dishes out withering critiques on This Morning - comparing one tree to 'candy floss dropped at a Little Mix concert'
William Hanson has critiqued the public's festive decor live on This Morning after being shown three festive living rooms, and tasked with deciding whether their tastes are tacky or tasteful.
106 comments
1 video
2 shares
William Hanson critiques public's festive decor live on This Morning
No ducking way! Hilarious footage reveals a flock of feathered friends stepping into the snow and rapidly scurrying back inside because it's too cold
A sweet video of rescue ducks at a sanctuary in Vermont has left Twitter in stitches after the birds were shown 'changing their mind' after stepping in snow and quickly rushing back into their barn.
26 comments
1 video
2.9k shares
Video of ducks stepping into snow and then rushing back in goes viral
Mother of woman, 21, who appeared to die in 'Romeo and Juliet' drugs death reveals her joy after winning a review to determine whether her abusive ex-partner killed her
Julie Aunger, from Torbay, tweeted the 'amazing news' that there would now be an independent Domestic Homicide Review into her daughter Katie Wilding's death, at just 21 in 2016.
1 comment
1 video
1 share
Katie Wilding's mother shares joy over new probe into her death
Bride-to-be left heartbroken and looking for compensation after she was forced to cancel dream wedding when her venue was turned into a COVID-19 vaccine centre
Jenna Roberts, 34, and Simon Jones, 38, from Wales, have been left heartbroken after cancelling their wedding because their dream venue was turned into a COVID vaccine centre.
78 comments
6 shares
Bride heartbroken after wedding venue turned into COVID vaccine centre
Have yourself a very merry Summermas! Fretting about seeing loved ones on the 25th? MARY ANN SIEGHART shares her family's ingenious tradition
UK Government scientific advisers have backed encouraging families to get-together during summer instead of at Christmas. Mary Ann Sieghart reveals her 'Summermas' traditions.
146 comments
40 shares
Have yourself a very merry Summermas!
Woman who lost her father to Covid in March says she feels 'stuck' in her grief because the pandemic denied him a proper funeral and starved her of support from loved ones - and she still has nightmares about his final hours
Speaking on the Emma Barnett Show on BBC Radio 5 Live, Susie Flintham, 43, from Newcastle upon Tyne, admitted she's struggling to grieve for dad Howard Crozier, 81.
1 comment
168 shares
Woman who lost dad to Covid says she feels 'stuck' in her grief
Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 19, says she prefers her mum's cooking over her famous chef father's - as she reveals she also likes plain food and cheap wine in Instagram challenge with Dad
Tilly, 19, herself an aspiring chef with multiple appearances on cooking shows, who is currently staying in Cornwall starred in an Instagram reel with her famous Dad.
43 comments
2 videos
6 shares
Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 19, says she prefers her mum's cooking
Meghan Markle's BFF Jessica Mulroney says she and 'girlfriend just laughed so hard it hurts' during FaceTime call - after revealing royal 'constantly' uses app to 'check on' her
Jessica Mulroney, 40, from Toronto, recalled a FaceTime call in which she and a 'girlfriend were laughing so hard it hurts' - after saying she chats with Meghan Markle, 39 on the app.
868 comments
60 shares
Meghan Markle's BFF Jessica Mulroney hails FaceTime
Award-winning photographer aims to climb UK's highest peak NINE TIMES in 24 hours to raise money for 'world's most expensive medication' to extend the life of baby with muscle-wasting illness
Joe Giddens, 33, plans to climb Scafell Pike nine times in 24 hours to raise money for the son of Wes Powell, 22, and Rosie Walton, 19, from Yorkshire, who has Type 1 spinal muscular atrophy.
8 comments
65 shares
Photographer to climb UK's highest peak to raise money for ill child
Real life Benjamin Buttons! People who looked OLDER as teenagers than they do as adults share hilarious photos to show how they've 'aged backwards'
People from around the world have shared pictures showing how they've 'aged backwards' in a TikTok trend started by a woman who joked she's a real life Benjamin Button. Bored Panda collated the pics.
1 comment
1 share
People share photos of themselves looking older as teens than adults
'Americans have discovered kettles!' Britons poke fun at Twitter thread where people from the US marvel over the appliance and share tips such as 'using it to heat water for cooking'
Kha Lynsai who lives in America, took to Twitter to gush about 'discovering' kettles, while shopping in Target. Her tweet went viral after she explained that she had spent years boiling water on a stove.
936 comments
763 shares
Woman 'discovers' kettles for the first time.
'Everything is impossible at the beginning, you just have to try': Prince Harry promotes educational site for Netflix Paralympics documentary - after signing $150m deal with streaming giant
The Duke of Sussex, 36, spoke about the power of 'the human spirit' in a new video promoting an educational site for the Netflix film Rising Pheonix, which he featured in earlier this year.
2.3k comments
2 videos
2.9k shares
Prince Harry stars in promotional video for education site for Netflix
Martin Lewis warns gift cards 'are NOT a safe option' this Christmas and urges shoppers who do buy to 'use them quickly' - after Arcadia said it would only accept them as half payment for any purchase
The London-based finance expert urged viewers of his ITV programme, The Martin Lewis Money Show Live, which aired last night, to avoid getting gift cards or 'use them quickly'.
133 comments
54 shares
Martin Lewis warns gift cards 'are NOT a safe buy' this Christmas
FOOD, RECIPES & COOKING
Makes 30 small pancakes
150g rye flour
100g wholemeal spelt flour
5g fresh yeast or ½ tsp dried yeast
300ml sour cream
50-100ml whole milk
2 medium eggs, beaten
50g butter, melted
1 tsp baking powder
½ tsp sea salt
150ml white wine vinegar
75g fructose (fruit sugar) or 100g caster sugar
Smoked salmon slices
Crème fraîche
Mix the flours with the yeast, sour cream and 50ml of the milk. Cover and set aside for an hour. Place the sugar and the vinegar in a saucepan along with 75ml water and simmer, allowing the sugar to dissolve. Remove from heat, add the thinly sliced fennel to this mixture and cover. Add the beaten eggs, melted butter, baking powder and sea salt to the bowl with the flours, yeast and sour cream. Stir thoroughly and prepare a skillet with a little oil over a medium heat. Start frying small pancakes for a minute or so before flipping. Assemble salmon slices on each piece, followed by a dollop of sour cream or crème fraîche.SUPER SALMON recipes by Signe Johanson for the Norwegian Seafood Council, www.seafoodfromnorway.co.ukClick on image for recipe
RUSTLE THESE UP WITH ROSEMARY
Sun-blushed tomato chicken Kiev
My traditional steak and kidney pie
Carrot cake with orange buttercream and walnuts
Chocolate fondants
CORE BLIMEY
Slow-cooked pulled pork wraps with apple salsa
Bramley & butternut squash soup with gorgonzola cream
French apple rose tart
Poached pears with blackberry drizzle and hazelnut shortbread
MASTERFUL MEALS
Pea and white truffle soup
Nasi goreng with sambal belacan
Roast pheasant with a chestnut and cider cream sauce
Cherry and hazelnut chocolate roulade
Talisker Whisky has partnered with Edinburgh based artisan chocolatier, COCO, to create the Talisker Sea Salted Caramel Gift Set, the perfect gift for chocolate and whisky lovers alike. The Talisker Whisky Salted Caramel Gift set includes eight delicious Talisker Sea Salted Caramels and a cute 5cl bottle of Talisker 10 Year Old. The choccies are made using sea salt from the Isle of Skye, reflecting the rugged elements of the homeland of Talisker, offering a smoky, salty bite of the dramatic coastline. The moreish treats pair perfectly with the powerful and complex character of Talisker 10 Year Old, with its sweet malt and fruit notes. A real winter warmer!Buy hereFOOD BITES: This week's wish listClick on each image for the full story...
SHOP BY CATEGORY
Fashion
Trending
Women's Clothing
Maternity Clothing
Women's Accessories
Women's Handbags & Wallets
Swimwear
Beauty
Makeup
Skin Care
Hair
Fragrance
Bath & Body
Nails
Pets
Dog Supplies
Cat Supplies
Small Pets Supplies
More Pets Supplies
Pet Parents
Fitness
Home Gym
Gear
Fitness Nutrition
Womens Active Shoes & Sneakers
Tech & Electronics
Videogames
Smartphones
Tablets
Home Audio
Cameras
Smart Home
Kitchen
Small Appliances
Cookware
Tools & Utensils
Bakeware
Cookbooks
Kitchen Linens
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Back to top
Home
U.K.
News
Sports
U.S. Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Shop
DailyMailTV
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Leadership Team
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Do not sell my info
CA Privacy Notice
Privacy policy & cookies
Advertisement
Advertisement