http://www.lupus.org.uk/privacy-policy
All About Lupus
What is Lupus
Symptoms of Lupus
Treatment for Lupus
Diagnose and Monitor Lupus
Causes of Lupus
Living with Lupus
Discoid Lupus
Drug induced Lupus
Kidneys / Lupus Nephritis
Heart / Lupus
Lungs / Lupus
Lupus Flares
Cats with Lupus
Dogs with Lupus
About Lupus Trust
FAQ
People
People Overview
Children / Lupus
Pregnancy / Lupus
Men / Lupus
Ethnic Groups / Lupus
Celebrities with links to Lupus
Patient Stories
Lifestyle
Diet / Lupus
Weight loss diet / Lupus
Exercise / Lupus
Fatigue / Lupus
Hair loss / Lupus
News & Blog
News & Blog
Research from Around the world
UK Research / Lupus Trust
Contact
Research
UK Research News
Global Lupus Research News
Lupus Research Team
History of Lupus
Donate
Privacy PolicyThe privacy of our users is important to us and we take care to safeguard it. This policy explains how we use your personal information. USE AND STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWhen you supply any personal information to us we have legal obligations towards you in the way we use that data. We must collect the information fairly and we must explain how we will use it and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else. In general, any information you provide to us will only be used by us. Your information will be disclosed where we are obliged by law. Also, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on this website or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on this website, we can use whatever information that is available to us about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school email/Internet provider and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We may contact you for promotional purposes, such as notifying you of improvements to the website unless you specifically agree not to be contacted for such purposes at the time you submit your information on the site, or at a later time if you sign up specifically to receive such promotional information. INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLYWe automatically collect information about your visit to our site. This information is used to make your visit to our site more efficient, and to help us follow browsing preferences on our site so that we can make regular improvements. Our external web host may also automatically log your IP address, a unique identifier for our computer or other access device. COOKIESCookies are pieces of data that are often created when you visit a website, and which are stored in a cookie folder on your computer. One cookie is created when you visit this website. The cookie provides functionality by storing your preferences while you move around the site. This cookie is automatically deleted shortly after you leave the site. The cookie does not contain any personal information about you, and it cannot be used to identify an individual user. You can set your browser not to accept cookies but this may limit some features. INFORMATION REQUESTS AND CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYYou can ask for a copy of the information we hold about you at any time (for which we may charge a small fee). We will also correct any inaccuracies in your information at your request. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy that affect how we handle your data, you can return to check the Privacy Policy, here, at any time for updates.
THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE SHOULD NOT BE SEEN AS SUBSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL ADVICE. IF YOU HAVE, OR THINK YOU MAY HAVE, LUPUS, ALWAYS SEEK ADVICE FROM A QUALIFIED PHYSICIAN. FIND OUT MORE IN OUR TERMS OF USE.