http://www.wheelinghospital.com/about/termsofuse.aspx
Search
A Tradition of Excellence. A Legacy of Caring.
Home|
News|
Bill Pay|
Calendar|
Contact Us
Facilities
Services
Your Visit
Find A Doctor
About Us
About Us
HistoryMissionNewsCareersCalendarContact UsProfessional PortalsVideosFinancial Assistance Policy
Terms of Use
General Disclaimer
The information presented on the Wheeling Hopsital Web Site is not intended to replace the advice of a doctor, rather to help inform our users on health issues. The information found on this site should be used as a supplement to the learning process, not as a diagnostic tool. If you have an immediate medical need, please contact your physician or local emergency medical service.
Privacy
At Wheeling Hospital, we value your privacy above anything else. That is why we will never share any personal information that can be used to identify you as a user (either registered or nonregistered) with an outside company without your explicit consent. Furthermore, we pride ourselves on maintaining HIPAA compliancy seven days a week, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
What you should expect from us:
We will strive to maintain your privacy, confidentiality and security at all times.
It is our goal to ensure your trust and confidence by providing you with as much information as we can about data collection procedures and information when needed.
We will not intentionally use your data without your permission, unless for purposes of maintaining the site or for reviewing the site's use.
We will make every effort to notify you accordingly of all data collection practices.
It is our intention to clearly inform you when your risks or privacy may change during the course of using this site.
We want you to know that this system operates on a secure server and your financial and professional information and health-related personal information is encrypted before it is transmitted. Encryption is a form of scrambling and descrambling that ensures that no unauthorized person can see your information.
We will not accept or show you health information content, advertising, sponsored programs, or services that we know to contain false or misleading information or that promote ineffective or dangerous products.
For more detailed information about our Privacy Policy, please reference the Wheeling Hospital Privacy Statement.
Security
We want your personal information to remain as secure as possible; our business depends on it. We use encryption practices to help ensure the integrity and privacy of the personal information, financial and/or health-related personal information you provide to us. As an added security precaution, all personal information and/or health-related personal information are kept on servers with firewalls that meet or exceed industry standards to prevent intruders from gaining access. Although we make every reasonable effort to protect personal information and health-related personal information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information via the Internet and that hackers or thieves do find ways to thwart security systems.
Wheeling Hospital
A Tradition of Excellence. A Legacy of Caring.
©
Wheeling Hospital, Wheeling, West Virginia  •
Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use