https://www.aphasia.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
POLICY DETAILS
We use this policy to tell you about the types of information we collect from you when you visit our site or use authorized features or apps that link to this policy. More specifically, this policy tells you:
the types of information we collect and how we collect it;
the ways in which we use, share and protect that information;
the choices you have in controlling the collection of your information; and
your ability to access and update your information.
This policy provides you with the information you need to make an informed choice about your use of the website, social media features and apps we offer, and whether to share personal information with us through the services. By using our site or authorized features and apps, you are signifying to us that you agree with this policy. Although the site and authorized features and apps contain links to other sites and services, you should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those, or any other, sites and services. If you have questions about how those sites and services collect and use data, you should contact those sites and services directly.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
This site utilizes the following…
Cookies to track anonymous data;
third party tracking with Google Analytics;
data collected by Google Analytics Demographics and Interest reports
…to obtain, store, and use the following information:
Non-personal information that is collected automatically;
personal information that you voluntarily provide to us through form completion and connecting Google Analytics
We do not collect any personal information from you when you visit our site or use authorized features and apps unless you expressly and voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for it and you voluntarily provide it. To put it another way, for us to have access to your personal data, you need to have made a knowing choice to give it to us.
USES OF INFORMATION
We use voluntarily provided personal information to communicate directly with you via email. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third party data vendors or marketing companies. We use non-personal information to administer our site and apps, make them better, and to make business decisions about what programs and content our communities might like.
CONTROL INFORMATION
At any time you may opt out of future communication with us. To opt-out of email communications that you had previously requested, you can click the ‘unsubscribe’ links included at the bottom of every email correspondence. To prevent Google Analytics from accessing your data, you can opt-out here.
You can request that we change/correct any personal information you have given us or to see what personal information we have of yours. You may do this by contacting the email address listed on our website.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take all reasonable security precautions to protect your personal information provided through our services. Due to the inherently open and somewhat risky nature of the Internet, however, we cannot guarantee that your information, whether during transmission or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be free from unauthorized access or that loss, misuse, destruction or alteration will not occur from the acts or omissions of third parties.. You should also note that third party companies who help us operate and maintain both our services and our corporate technology environment will have incidental access to your information, including your personal information, as part of the work they perform. We require that they enter into confidentiality and other agreements, but cannot guarantee their compliance with such agreements.  We disclaim any and all liability arising in any manner from any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or any interception of any data or communications.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change or update this policy from time to time. Please check this policy periodically for such changes since all information collected is subject to the policy that is in place at that time. If the law requires, or if in our sole discretion we feel it is appropriate,we’ll provide a summary of changes we’ve made near the end of the updated policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact the email address listed on our website.
Stay Updated!
Receive regular updates from the National Aphasia Association
Leave this field empty if you're human: Find Stories About:Caregivers
Research