http://www.verabradley.org/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Research
Events
News
Get Involved
DONATE
Back
Our Story
Stories of Strength
Meet the Team
From the Director
Financials
Back
Promising Progress
Meet the Researchers
Back
Events
Foundation Events
Partner Events
Host an Event
Sponsor an Event
Back
Latest News Home
Back
Ways to Help
Raise Funds
Carry our Patterns
Shop our Partners
Subscribe
Volunteer
Privacy PolicyWelcome to the Vera Bradley Foundation for Breast Cancer's website! We are proud to have this opportunity to tell you about our foundation, our mission, our goals, our progress, and our history. Before you begin exploring, we'd like to review the steps we have taken to ensure that our visitors have a safe, enjoyable experience.Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. The Vera Bradley Foundation for Breast Cancer, Inc. (the "Foundation") values our donors' privacy and has made it our policy to provide online content that requires minimal collection of information from our visitors. Furthermore, to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personal information may be requested. The Foundation reserves the right to change, modify, add to or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes.Below are some of the ways in which a visitor may provide information to us online and how we may use that information.Information Actively Provided by Our VisitorsThe Foundation only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, email address, phone number, birth date, and occupation. Unless specifically stated, we do not require this information to obtain access to our site. The personal information we collect is used by the Foundation only for the specific purpose for which it is submitted, specifically, collecting donations. The personal information we collect also is used by the Foundation as indicated below and on our website. For example:Emails and MailingsIf you click the button on the donation page and opt to receive future emails and mailings from the Foundation, we will extend to you invitations to participate in Foundation-sponsored events and contribute to the Foundation in the future. Any email you receive from the Foundation will allow you to "unsubscribe" from receiving future mailings at any time.Sharing of InformationWe do not share your personal information with third parties unless you have given us permission to do so.At times, we employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include removing repetitive information from donor lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing assistance. Using contractual or other arrangements, the Foundation will ensure that these agents, contractors and third party service providers, who may receive personal information in the course of providing services to the Foundation, protect the personal information in a manner consistent with the principles set out in this privacy policy.Domain Name Recognition and Aggregate InformationThe Foundation's web servers collect the domain names of visitors to our website, however, they do not recognize individual email addresses. Aggregate information showing the IP addresses and/or domain names of visitors, the number of visits, average time spent on the website, pages viewed, etc., is collected and used only for internal review to measure the overall use of our website and provide direction for its continuous improvement. This information is not sold to or shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. We do not rent, sell, or share email addresses with any other company or organization.Finally, we never use or share the personal information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment to Data SecurityThe Foundation utilizes appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to guard our online visitors' personal information against unauthorized access and use. All information is protected by the Foundation's security measures, which are periodically reviewed.LinksThe Foundation's website may contain links to other sites, and we make every effort to only link to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. The posting of such third party websites does not represent the Foundation’s affiliation, endorsement or support of the linked organization, its programs or services, or the content included on its website. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.How You Can Access, Correct, or Delete Your Personal InformationThe Foundation retains your personal information for a period of two years to extend to you future invitations to participate in upcoming events related to the Foundation and to contribute to the Foundation. If you do not respond to such invitations over the course of two years, your personal information automatically will be deleted from our files. If you would like to access or correct your personal information, or if you would like to remove your name and personal information from our records, please write to us at:Vera Bradley Foundation for Breast Cancer, Inc.Attention Web Manager12420 Stonebridge Rd.Roanoke, IN 46783- or -foundation@verabradley.comPlease include your full name, email address and phone number in case we have questions.Amendment to Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is in effect as of March 15, 2006. The Foundation recognizes that legal interpretation of current privacy laws and future privacy legislation may impact its privacy policies and procedures. The Foundation will review and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and notification of any revisions will be posted on this website. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the personal information collected from the date of posting of the revised Privacy Policy to the Foundation’s website.- Your Friends at the Vera Bradley Foundation for Breast Cancer© 2006 Vera Bradley Foundation for Breast Cancer, Inc.