https://www.yourhormones.com/terms-of-use/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Your Hormones Inc. Internet Site and Associated Content Including Email Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY
By using this website, www.YourHormones.com (and any other World Wide Web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Your Hormones, Inc.), as well as using emails, newsletters, questionnaires, documents, and other communications from this/these sites (  together the “Content”) you signify that you agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of Use, do not use this site or any of its’ associated content!
Other websites owned and operated by Your Hormones, Inc. include, but are not limited to: www.AdrenoMend.com,www.ThyroMend.com, www.EstroMend.com, www.ProgestoMend.com, www.TestoGain.com, www.TestoQuenchforMen.com,www.TestoQuenchforWomen.com, www.YourMenopauseType.com, www.JosephJCollins.com.
Your Hormones, Inc. ("Your Hormones") may revise and update these Terms and Conditions at any time. Your continued usage of the Your Hormones website ("Your Hormones Site," or the "Site,") and Content will mean you accept those changes.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE
Material from www.YourHormones.com and any other World Wide Web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Your Hormones, Inc. or any of its related, affiliated, or subsidiary companies (together, "Your Hormones") may not be copied or distributed, or republished, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way, without the prior written consent of Your Hormones EXCEPT: you may download one copy of the material on one computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose violates Your Hormones intellectual property rights. The material in this site is provided for lawful purposes only. If you download content from our site, the content, including all files in all formats including PDF files of questionnaires and other documents, images, contained in or generated by the content, and accompanying data (together, the "Content") are deemed to be licensed to you by Your Hormones. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you, but remain with Your Hormones, who owns full and complete title. You may not resell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Content to a human perceivable form.
USE OF CONTENT
Your Hormones authorizes you to view or download a single copy of the material on the Your Hormones Site solely for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose violates Your Hormones intellectual property rights. The material in this site is provided for lawful purposes only. If you download content from our site, the content, including all files in all formats including PDF files of questionnaires and other documents, images, contained in or generated by the content, and accompanying data (together, part of the "Content") are deemed to be licensed to you by Your Hormones. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you, but remain with Your Hormones, who owns full and complete title. You may not resell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Content to a human perceivable form.
Any special rules for the use of certain content and software and other items accessible on the Your Hormones Site may be Included elsewhere within the Site and are Incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference.
The Content is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with Your Hormones or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of Your Hormones. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Your Hormones and its licensors.
If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
PRINTING OF QUESTIONNAIRES, BROCHURES, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS
Questionnaires, brochures and other educational documents (together “Resources”) may be printed in quantity and distributed only if you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices.
These Resources may be revised and updated periodically. Notification of updated and revised Resources will be mentioned on the Your Hormones newsletter. Once the Notification of updated and revised Resources has been sent, you must destroy all previous versions of the Resources. If you print and distribute any Resources you must consistently receive and read the Your Hormones newsletter, so that you can be aware of updated and revised Resources. You will also make a good faith effort to advise others of updated Resource if you have distributed any of the Resources to your friends, clients or other associates.
Permissions to use Resources are subject to change or termination without notice in the complete discretion of Your Hormones.
THE SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE
The contents of the Your Hormones Site and associated Content (emails, newsletters, questionnaires, documents, and other communications), such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from Your Hormones' licensors, and other material contained on the Your Hormones ("Content") are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Your Hormones Site and associated Content!
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. Your Hormones does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by Your Hormones, Your Hormones employees, others appearing on the Site at the invitation of Your Hormones, or other visitors to the Site is solely at your own risk.
The Site may contain health- or medical-related materials that are sexually explicit. If you find these materials offensive, you may not want to use our Site.
EMAIL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms apply to all email originating from, or associated with www.YourHormones.com, or another websites owned and operated by Your Hormones, Inc.
DISCLAIMER: The email Content is for Educational Purposes Only. The entire contents of the email, including text, graphics, images, posters, attachments and other material contained in the email are for informational purposes only. The contents are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read in this email. Statements made in the Content have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any diseases. The Content is the opinion of the author, and does not represent the opinion of any other party.
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The e-mail message is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received an email communication in error, please do not distribute it. Please notify the sender by e-mail at the address shown and delete or destroy the original message and any attachments. Thank you.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE: © 1995 – 2016 The entire contents of email, including text, graphics, images, posters, attachments and other material contained in the email are copyright Joseph J Collins, RN, ND © 1995 – 2016 unless material includes other copyright notice.
FULL DISCLOSURE OF LICENSURE: Joseph J Collins is licensed a a primary healthcare physician in the state of Washington, and a Registered Nurse in the state of Iowa.  In the state of Iowa he uses the designation “Registered Nurse, Naturopathic Doctorate” because Iowa does not yet recognize Naturopathic Physicians. As a Registered Nurse in the state of Iowa he limits healthcare to that allowed by his nursing license, and uses his Naturopathic Doctorate in an educational capacity. He has been a licensed healthcare practitioner since 1979; beginning as a nurse.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. This Site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect, and will permanently delete any submission of, personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
All content included on this site, including, but not limited to text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, questionnaires, html code, other computer codes, and software, is the property of Your Hormones, Inc. or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Your Hormones and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Your Hormones or its software suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as an education resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited. All information occurring on Your Hormones or any other information provided by Your Hormones is protected by copyright and in some cases registered trademark. Utilization may only occur under license. Failure of any and all commercial or private entities (using this information) to obtain license to use this information constitutes a violation. The unlicensed user agrees to pay Your Hormones Inc. and unlicensed user fee of $5,000 per day or occurrence of such unlicensed use.
LIABILITY OF YOUR HORMONES AND ITS LICENSORS
The use of the Your Hormones Site and the Content is at your own risk.
When using the Your Hormones Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of Your Hormones and its suppliers. Accordingly, Your Hormones assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Your Hormones Site.
The Your Hormones Site and the content are provided on an "as is" basis. YOUR HORMONES, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Without limiting the foregoing, Your Hormones, its licensors, and its suppliers make no representations or warranties about the following:
1. The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the Your Hormones Site or Your Hormones.
2. The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any software tools with regard to the Content contained on the Your Hormones Site.
In no event shall Your Hormones, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Your Hormones Site be liable for any damages (Including, without limitation, Incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the Your Hormones Site or the Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Your Hormones, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Your Hormones Site are advised of the possibility of such damages. Your Hormones, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Your Hormones Site are not liable for any personal injury, Including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Site, Content, or Public Areas (as defined below).
USE OF QUESTIONNAIRES
The questionnaires and all material in this web site are provided for educational purposes only. Consult a healthcare professional regarding the applicability of any opinions or recommendations with respect to your symptoms or medical condition.
This questionnaire is not a replacement for medical screening and evaluation by a primary healthcare professional. A complete understanding of risks, symptoms and treatment choices is important for the proper management of any health condition.
With the understanding that medical information is continually advancing, and at times conflicting, Your Hormones makes an effort to provide accurate, current educational material. Accordingly, if you choose to use any questionnaire you understand that the questionnaire may be incomplete, out of date or contain errors, and you agree that you will not later assert that the questionnaire should have been complete, current or error free. You also understand that the questionnaires contain no medical advice, and you agree that you will not later assert that the questionnaires contain medical advice. You understand that the questionnaire is generated solely based upon the input you have provided, and the questions you answered do not replace the need for your evaluation by a physician. You understand that the questionnaires do not replace the need for a physician to provide you with his or her medical judgment and/or knowledge to properly diagnose and/or treat your medical problem or complaint.
The questionnaires are provided “as is” and there are no warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties of fitness for a particular purpose or use or as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of any information contained in the questionnaires.
You assume all risks associated with, and/or arising from, the use of the questionnaires. You hereby release and indemnify us from any and all liability, and you agree to reimburse Your Hormones on demand, for any costs and expenses (including attorney’s fees and expenses) which we may incur as the result of any claims associated with, and/or arising from your use of the questionnaires or from our the enforcement of this agreement.
The understandings and agreements set forth above represent a deliberate allocation of risk, which affects the price (no charge) of the questionnaires.
The questionnaires are protected Content by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with Your Hormones or its licensors. Any use of the questionnaires not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Questionnaires and other features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of Your Hormones. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Your Hormones and its licensors. If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the questionnaires and other Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the questionnaires or any portion of the Content
USE OF LAB TESTS
Concerning the use of laboratory tests (“lab tests”), all information presented, whether electronic, written, and verbal or by other means is for educational purposes only. Consult a physician or other healthcare professional regarding the applicability of any opinions or recommendations with respect to your symptoms or medical condition. Utilization of laboratory tests report constitutes reading, and accountability for understanding this disclaimer notification. As such user agrees to agrees to defend and indemnify and hold Your Hormones, together with its officers, directors, employees, and agents, together with any successors or assigns (collectively, “Indemnified Parties”) harmless against any charges, demands, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, liability or loss (including loss of profits) which any of the Indemnified Party may suffer, sustain or become subject to as a result of or arising from use of this information.
All information provided in the lab tests is provided for educational purposes only. Information and results are for personal use only, and are not intended to diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent disease or other conditions and are not intended to provide a determination or assessment of the state of health. This information is not a replacement for a thorough examination and consultation from a licensed health professional. Consult your own physician regarding the treatment of any medical condition. Individuals should not try to medicate or self-treat themselves or others with any of the methods referred to here without the guidance of a qualified practitioner who is thoroughly familiar with both the remedies and the individual's medical status. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking professional advice because of something you have read on this Web Site.
Information provided on the Your Hormones website and the use of any products or services purchased from our Your Hormones by you does not create a doctor-patient relationship between you and Your Hormones or any of its together with its officers, directors, employees, or agents. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
All information occurring on any lab test report, or any other interpretive text provided by Your Hormones is protected by copyright and in some cases also by registered trademark.
RETURN POLICIES
All purchases made through the Your Hormones website, and Your Hormones, Inc. are subject to the following return policies:
Return Policy for Nutritional Products
By purchasing product, the buyer agrees to the Return Policy:
Preauthorization is required before any return can be excepted.A request to return purchased product must be made within 48 hours from receipt and require preauthorization. No exceptions are allowed.Any claims of shortage in the order, or damaged product must be made within 48 hours of receiving package.
Use the Contact Us form if you are requesting a preauthorization.Authorized returns must be received within 14 days of authorization.All returns will be credited upon receipt and are subject to a 25% processing fee and the cost of shipping.
Opened bottles cannot be returned unless they are damaged upon receipt.Please Contact Us if you have any additional questions.
Return policy for ebooks, presentations & other downloadable products
Your hormones, inc. strictly adheres to a no refund – no exchange download policy for downloadable products such as eBooks, presentations, and other downloadable products.
Return Policy for Laboratory Test Kits: In keeping with our quality commitment, our return policy requires that the customer notify Your Hormones and request a return good authorization within 48 hours of receipt of the product. Upon approval, returns must be shipped to the designated facility within 48 hours. All returns are subject to a 25% restocking charge and cost of return shipping.
Return Policy for eBooks, Presentations & other Downloadable Products:
Your Hormones, Inc. strictly adheres to a No Refund – No Exchange download policy for downloadable products such as eBooks, Presentations, and other downloadable products.
Please Contact Us if you have any additional questions.
USER SUBMISSIONS
The personal information you submit to Your Hormones is governed by the Your Hormones Privacy Policy. To the extent there is an Inconsistency between this Agreement and the Your Hormones Privacy Policy, this Agreement shall govern.
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Public Areas (Including blogs, message boards, Ask Our Expert postings, user reviews of drug information, etc.) that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or content to the Public Areas, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any such submission you agree that you will not send or transmit to Your Hormones by email, (Including through the email addresses listed on the "Contact Us" page) any communication or content that infringes or violates any rights of any party. If you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to Your Hormones by email, you agree such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any submission to a Public Area or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to Your Hormones by email, you automatically grant-or warrant that the owner of such content or intellectual property has expressly granted-Your Hormones a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed. Your Hormones may sublicense its rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not submit them to the Public Areas or to Your Hormones by email. We try to answer every email in a timely manner, but are not always able to do so.
USER SUBMISSIONS — IMAGE, VIDEO, AUDIO FILES
You agree to only post or upload Media (like photos, videos or audio) that you have taken yourself or that you have all rights to transmit and license and which do not violate trademark, copyright, privacy or any other rights of any other person. Photos or videos of celebrities and cartoon or comic images are usually copyrighted by the owner.
To protect your privacy, you agree that you will not submit any media that contains Personally Identifiable Information (like name, phone number, email address or web site URL.) of you or of anyone else. Uploading media like images or video of other people without their permission is strictly prohibited.
By uploading any media on the Your Hormones site, you warrant that you have permission from all persons appearing in your media for you to make this contribution and grant rights described herein. Never post a picture or video of or with someone else unless you have their explicit permission.
It is strictly prohibited to upload media of any kind that contains expressions of hate, abuse, offensive images or conduct, obscenity, pornography, sexually explicit or any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms and Conditions or the Your Hormones Privacy Policy.
You agree that you will not upload any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or this Web site.
By uploading any media like a photo or video, (a) you grant to Your Hormones a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material Included in the media; and (b) you certify that any person pictured in the submitted media (or, if a minor, his/her parent/legal guardian) authorizes Your Hormones to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material Included in such media; and (c) you agree to indemnify Your Hormones and its affiliates, directors, officers and employees and hold them harmless from any and all claims and expenses, Including attorneys' fees, arising from the media and/or your failure to comply with these the terms described in this document.
Your Hormones reserves the right to review all media prior to submission to the site and to remove any media for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion
PASSWORDS
Your Hormones has several tools that allow you to record and store information. You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your private Your Hormones passwords or accounts. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your private Your Hormones account and password; (3) promptly inform Your Hormones of any need to deactivate a password. You grant Your Hormones and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Site the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Site. Your Hormones cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, or your or third parties' use or misuse of information transmitted or received using Your Hormones tools and services.
YOUR HORMONES COMMUNITY AND MEMBER TO MEMBER AREAS ("PUBLIC AREAS")
When and if Your Hormones adds Public Areas, if you use a Public Area, such as message boards, blogs, Ask Our Expert, User Reviews or other member communities, you are solely responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those communications, and your reliance on any communications found in the Public Areas. Your Hormones and its licensors are not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
1. Using a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws;
2. Posting material that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
3. Posting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by Your Hormones in its sole discretion;
4. Posting advertisements or solicitations of business or promoting MLM programs or products;
5. After receiving a warning, continuing to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, or posting comments that are not related to the topic being discussed (unless it is clear the discussion is free-form);
6. Posting chain letters or pyramid schemes;
7. Impersonating another person;
8. Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
9. Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, Including email addresses, without their identification for posting or viewing comments;
10. Allowing any other person or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing comments
11. Posting the same note more than once or "spamming"; or
12. Engaging in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Site, or which, in the judgment of Your Hormones, exposes Your Hormones or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of any type.
Your Hormones Reserves the Right (but is Not Obligated) to Do Any or All of the Following:
1. Record the dialogue in public chat rooms.
2. Investigate an allegation that a communication(s) do(es) not conform to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s).
3. Remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform with these Terms and Conditions.
4. Terminate a user's access to any or all Public Areas and/or the Your Hormones Site upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
5. Monitor, edit, or disclose any communication in the Public Areas.
6. Edit or delete any communication(s) posted on the Your Hormones Site, regardless of whether such communication(s) violate these standards.
Your Hormones or its licensors have no liability or responsibility to users of the Your Hormones Site or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
ADVERTISEMENTS, SEARCHES, AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Your Hormones may provide links to third-party web sites. Your Hormones also may select certain sites as priority responses to search terms you enter and Your Hormones may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content. Your Hormones does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. Your Hormones is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Your Hormones Site, third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Your Hormones does not endorse any product, service, or treatment advertised on the Your Hormones Site.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Your Hormones, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements Including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
GENERAL
Your Hormones is based in Sarasota, Florida, in the United States of America. Your Hormones makes no claims that Your Hormones, or any Site within the Your Hormones Network and the Content are appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Your Hormones Network from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions, User Submissions – image, video, audio files, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement.
JURISDICTION
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with Your Hormones, or in any way relating to your use of the Your Hormones Site, resides in the courts of Manatee County in the State of Florida and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of Manatee County in the State of Florida in connection with any such dispute Including any claim involving Your Hormones or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Florida, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Your Hormones controls and operates this site from its headquarters in Sarasota, Florida, United States of America and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this site from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Some software from this site may be subject to export controls imposed by the United States and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of ) any country to which the U.S. has placed an embargo, including without limitation, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria, or Yugoslavia; (b) to everyone on the US Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals list, or (c) the US Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. If you download or use the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national or any such country or on any such list.
NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN PROCEDURES; AND COPYRIGHT AGENT
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this web site by contacting Your Hormones' copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
1. Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
2. Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.
3. Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
4. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
5. A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that "under penalty of perjury," you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
6. A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Copyright issues relating to this web site can be addressed to:Your Hormones, Inc, 6231 Medici Ct #105, Sarasota Florida 34243
In an effort to protect the rights of copyright owners, Your Hormones maintains a policy for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of subscribers and account holders of the Site who are repeat infringers.
COMPLETE AGREEMENT
If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site. these Terms and Conditions and the Your Hormones Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and Your Hormones with respect to the use of the Your Hormones Site, and Content.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Your Hormones.com Site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this website, Including any reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted using our Contact Us Form or via U.S. mail to: Your Hormones, Inc., 6231 Medici Ct #105, Sarasota Florida 34243.
Questions or comments regarding the Your Hormones web site, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be directed by email via our online Contact Us web form or by U.S. Mail to Your Hormones, Inc., 6231 Medici Ct #105, Sarasota Florida 34243. We try to answer every email in a timely manner but due to volume may not always be able to do so.
search_icon
Shop
dropdown_arrow
Hormone Specific™ Formulationsdropdown_arrow
Hormone Specific™ Formulations
Hormone Specific™ Formulations
About AdrenoMend™
About Endocrine™ Complete
About EstroMend™
About EstroQuench™
About GlucoQuench™
About ProgestoMend™
About TestoGain™
About TestoQuench™ for Men
About TestoQuench™ for Women
About ThyroMend™
Educational Modulesdropdown_arrow
Educational Modules
Educational Modules
Complete Hormone Health
Adrenal Health
Thyroid Health
Blood Sugar Health
Women's Healthdropdown_arrow
Women's Health
Women's Health
Menopause
PMS & PMDD Patterns
PCOS
Men's Health
Bioidentical HRT
Educational Resourcesdropdown_arrow
Educational Resources
Educational Resources
Documents
About Herbs
Protocol Library
Questionnaires
Our Companydropdown_arrow
Our Company
Our Company
About Us
Healthcare Professionalsdropdown_arrow
Healthcare Professionals
Healthcare Professionals
Healthcare Professionals Create an Account
International Distributors
Privacy Policy
Proposition 65
Research and Development
Shipping
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Blog
How did we do?
Shop
Hormone Specific™ Formulationsdropdown_arrow
Hormone Specific™ Formulations
All Hormone Specific™ Formulations
AdrenoMend™
Endocrine Complete™
EstroMend™
Estroquench™
ProgestoMend™
TestoGain™
TestoQuench™ for Men
TestoQuench™ for Women
ThyroMend™
Women's Formulasdropdown_arrow
Women's Formulas
All Women's Formulas
Menopause Types®dropdown_arrow
Menopause Types®
Menopause Types®
Menopause Type® Two
Menopause Type® Three
Menopause Type® Four
Menopause Type® Five
Menopause Type® Six
Menopause Type® Seven
Menopause Type® Eight
Menopause Type® Nine
Menopause Type® Ten
Menopause Type® Eleven
Menopause Type® Twelve
PMS & PMDDdropdown_arrow
PMS & PMDD
PMS & PMDD
Additonal Formulations for PMS & PMDD
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)dropdown_arrow
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)
Additional Options for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
Men's Formulasdropdown_arrow
Men's Formulas
All Men's Formulas
Andropausedropdown_arrow
Andropause
Andropause
Andropause Primary Formulations
Secondary Andropause Formulations
Prostate Health
Wobenzym® dropdown_arrow
Wobenzym®
All Wobenzym®
WOBENZYM ® N
WOBENZYM ® PLUS
WOBENZYM ® PS
Product Categoriesdropdown_arrow
Product Categories
All Product Categories
Amino Acids
Anti-Inflammatory
Antioxidants
Beauty Products
Bioflavonoids
Coenzyme Q10 & Ubiquinol
Detoxification Formulasdropdown_arrow
Detoxification Formulas
Detoxification Formulas
Digestive-G.I. Support
Fish Oil, Lipids & Phospholipids
Energy/Sports/Fitness
Green Foods (phytonutrients)
Herbs
Klean Athlete®
Multiple Vitamins and Minerals
Probiotics
Protein Formulas
Vitamins A, B, C, D, E & Kdropdown_arrow
Vitamins A, B, C, D, E & K
Vitamins A, B, C, D, E & K
Yeast & Parasite Defense
Vitamin A & Carotenes
B Vitamins
Vitamin C
Vitamin D Formulas
Vitamin E Formulas
Vitamin K Formulas
Health Functionsdropdown_arrow
Health Functions
All Health Functions
Bone Health
Blood Sugar
Eye Health
Hair and Skin Health
Heart & Vascular Healthdropdown_arrow
Heart & Vascular Health
Heart & Vascular Health
Cholesterol Maintenance
Circulation
Hormone Healthdropdown_arrow
Hormone Health
Hormone Health
Adrenal Support
Immune Support
DHEA/Melatonin/Pregnenalone
Estrogen Support
Estrogen Detox
Progesterone Support
Testosterone Support
Testosterone Control (to Decrease)
Thyroid Products
Hormone Specific™
Inflammation & Immune Support
Joint/Muscle/Disc Formulas
Mineral Formulasdropdown_arrow
Mineral Formulas
Mineral Formulas
Calcium Formulas
Chromium Formulas
Iron Formulas
Magnesium Formulas
Other Mineral Formulas
Neurological Health
Prostate Health
Sexual Health
Sleep
Stress Control
Urinary Health
Weight Management
Alphabetical Listdropdown_arrow
Alphabetical List
All Alphabetical List
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
Y
Z
Numbers
Children's Formulas
account
Account
wishlist
Wishlist
bag
Shopping bag
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*
Copyright © 1999 - 2020 Your Hormones, Inc. All rights Reserved.
Statements regarding products and services on this site have not been evaluted by the Food and Drug Administration
and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease.
The content is the opinion of the authors and does not represent the opinion of any party.
See Terms of Service
and California Proposition 65.