http://www.samvedlaparoscopy.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at support@samvedlaparoscopy.com.
At www.samvedlaparoscopy.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.samvedlaparoscopy.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.samvedlaparoscopy.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.samvedlaparoscopy.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.samvedlaparoscopy.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.samvedlaparoscopy.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.samvedlaparoscopy.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.samvedlaparoscopy.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.samvedlaparoscopy.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Featured Video
PagesHome
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Health and Dentistry
Health and Dentistry NewsThere is an urgent need to resuscitate dentistry : Dr. Srivats Bharadwaj - ETHealthworld.comMore than 1m recovered; WHO extends ‘global emergency’ alert - ETHealthworld.comDentists, Beshear administration continue negotiations on reopening guidelines - State-Journal.comClearChoice Partners With UCLA to Address Nationwide PPE Shortage; Refocuses Services to Reduce Unnecessary Hospital Visits - Odessa AmericanUM researcher develops tool to assess children's tooth decay - UM Today
Recent Posts
What Parents Need to Know: The Vaping Epidemic
Ten Top Tips for a Healthy Mouth
Looking for a Better Job? Start by Visiting the Dentist
What Is Periodontal Disease?
5 Ways Neglecting Your Teeth Can Cost You – In Money and In Health
Featured Services
Useful Links
Caring for Teeth › Caring for my teeth
5 Dental Health Tips On How To Protect Your Teeth From Cold
10 Tips for Healthy, White Teeth