https://www.soundsofsirius.com/privacy-policy/
Login
Not registered yet? Register
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?
0
Cart
LIA SCALLON
About Lia
Lia Scallon – Biography
The Language of Light – A Personal Journey
Event Calendar
Music Releases
Music Background
Media
Sounds of Sirius Testimonials
Articles
Gallery
Podcasts
YouTube
MUSIC
Invisible Light
Song of the Sidhe
The Luminous Pearl
Crystal Keys
First Little Angels on Earth
Song of Love for the Animals
Diamond Light Meditation – Women
Diamond Light Meditation – Men
Breath of Life
StarSong
Song of The Earth
SOS Compilation
Distribution
Australia
USA Distribution
UK Distribution
Europe
Licensing & Copyright
LATEST NEWS
SACRED TRAVELS
Ireland
Mystical Ireland Adventure 2017
The Sidhe
– Ireland 2014
Equinox in Ireland 2012
USA
Sedona Magic
– Arizona 2014
The Secret Garden
–
San Francisco 2014
Beam me Up Scottie!
– New Mexico 2014
Mexico
Journey of Love – Rivers of Cosmic Light
Soul Journey to Mexico – 2006
Mexico Journey 2010
Australia
The Master Crystal Skull Solar
‘Solar’s’ Sydney Adventures
The Master Skull Solar
The Egyptians in Australia
– 2014
Rainforest Galactic Transmission
Reconnection in the Rainforest
– 2014
A Sacred Night of Nights
ONLINE STORE
MP3s
CDs
Sidhe
SOS Crystal Skulls
SOS Crystal Water Bottles
Jewellery
Healing Tools
Crystal Unicorns
Source Stone
Lithographic Prints
Specials
Vibrational Essence
SOUNDS OF SOURCE
Event Information
Sydney
Far North Queensland
Melbourne
South Queensland
The Master Skull Solar
SOS Source Stone
CONTACT
FacebookYouTubeSoundCloudONLINE STORE Orders within Australia
* FREE postage on CDs
* FREE postage orders over $200
* $15 flat-rate postage on all other orders
International Orders
* Postage calculated at Checkout
Visit the online store
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.soundsofsirius.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The only information we hold about registered customers are the following:
Your name
Your current email address
Your billing address, shipping address
Your phone number
Your current password (encrypted, the actual password itself is not retrievable by us)
We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
If you’re a paying customer in our online store we also have information about you stored with Stripe. Below is a list of that information.
Your name
Your current email Address
The origin country of your payment information (as determined by Stripe)
The amount you have been billed and the date of the billing
Your full payment information (this is only accessible to Stripe)
Your payment card brand (Mastercard, Visa etc, this is accessible to both us and Stripe)
The last four digits of your bank card (accessible to both us and Stripe)
The expiry date of your bank card (accessible to both us and Stripe)
We also collect your name and email address when you sign up for our Sounds of Sirius Mailing List via Mailchimp.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use we use Stripe for processing payments. The data you enter on our checkout is transferred directly to Stripe, and is not stored by us.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at lia@soundsofsirius.com.