http://www.cmlsupport.org.uk/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHomeAbout usPrivacy policy
Privacy policy
Welcome to our website, CMLSupport.org.uk. The services we provide such as the discussion forum and archives available on this site are subject to the following Privacy PolicyProtecting your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand how CMLSupport.org.uk collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide by registering to use the website.
We will never share your personal details, passwords or any other details with a third party, unless you explicitly give us permission.
Information Collection
CMLSupport.org.uk uses a third party, opensourcehost.com to host, maintain, and archive our mailing lists.
Using the discussion forum
You will be required to submit your name, email address and a password in order to use the discussion forum. If you have not created a valid password, you will not be able to post a message to the discussion forum. However you will still be able to read the postings and access any other parts of our site without registering. Password information will be maintained in a secured environment in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We do not keep a database of readable passwords.
Please be careful not to disclose on the forum any personal or other information that you do not wish other people to have access to or that you would later want to remove. Accordingly, each subscriber should weigh the potential benefits and risks participating on the forum. The only sure way to protect one's privacy is to never to use the forum. Moreover, although we strive to deter abuse of our resources, it is possible that unknown persons or entities could access and archive the lists without our permission.
Browsing our website
When you browse our Website we may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of our Website. We may also collect specific technical data including OS, browser type and version & monitor size. We log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), the web pages you visit and the time of visit. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer our Website, track traffic patterns, gather demographic information for aggregate use and maximize usability of various portions of the site. We do not use IP addresses in combination with your personally identifiable information without your prior consent.
Links
This Website may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Website or otherwise visit.
Data protection
We implement various measures to protect the security of your personal subscription information, both on-line and off-line. If you have any questions about security at our Website, please contact us.
Anonymity
All people who register on this site may choose their username that will be public publicly visible as the author of any posts they may have made. Upon request, we will change a username if someone requires this. This will alter the named author of all historic posts under their previous username, but any mentions in comments of their previous username will be unaltered as they are not structured text references to the individual. These mentions of the previous name can be redacted, but the individual who is changing their username must request these individually.
Last modified: 10 December 2019Google Plus One
Share on Facebook
Tweet Widget
About us
About this site
How you can support us
Forum usage agreement
Privacy policy
Press and media