https://www.mind.uci.edu/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.mind.uci.edu.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with, Where we send your data, Your contact information
Please click to learn about Mailchimp’s Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms. Please click to learn more about Automattic Terms and Conditions. Please click to learn more about  Eventbrite Privacy Policy. Please click to learn more about UC Irvine’s Privacy Policy. Individuals who consent to be added to the mailing list will have their name and mailing information shared securely with an external mailhouse for print and mailing purposes.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you have any questions or concerns, please email privacy@mind.uci.edu.
Search Website
Search
Blog
You’re invited! Join the 1st CARE Registry Korean Virtual Information Session!
December 7, 2020
VIDEO: Can stem cells treat Alzheimer’s disease and related disorders? with Mathew Blurton-Jones, PhD
December 4, 2020
A December to Remember is tomorrow!
December 4, 2020
4 questions to ask yourself about living to 100 — because there’s a chance you will
December 1, 2020
We need the power of our community
November 30, 2020
Participate CLINICAL TRIALS
Phone: 949.824.0008
Email: research@mind.uci.edu
UCI C2C REGISTRY
www.c2c.uci.edu
Contact ADMINISTRATION
2642 Biological Sciences III
Irvine, CA 92697-4545
Phone: 949.824.3253
Fax: 949.824.0885
RESEARCH CLINIC
1100 Gottschalk Medical Plaza
Irvine, CA 92697-4285
Phone: 949.824.2382
Fax: 949.824.3049
© 2020 UCI MIND.
Home
About Us
Mission
Message from the Director
Team
Faculty
Staff
Affiliated Members
Leadership Council
REMIND
Training Grant
Annual Update
Institute Highlights
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
ADRC
About the ADRC
Administrative Core
Clinical Core
Data Management and Statistics Core
Neuropathology Core
Outreach, Recruitment, and Engagement Core
Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Core
Biomarker Core
90+ Core
Down Syndrome Core
Research Education Component
Clinical Studies
Participate in a Study
UCI C2C Registry
Participant Hub
Clinical Trials
About Brain Donation
Featured Volunteers
Down Syndrome Program
The 90+ Study
Resources
COVID-19
English
Spanish
Mandarin
Korean
Community Programs
SoCal Alzheimer’s Disease Research Conference
Distinguished Lecture on the Brain
Ask the Doc Panels
Facebook LIVE Series
Education
About Dementia
Mild Cognitive Impairment
Alzheimer’s Disease
Vascular Dementia
Lewy Body Dementia
Frontotemporal Dementia
Huntington’s Disease
Supportive Services
Professionals
Diagnostic Toolkit
Toolkit Manual
Clinical Care Guidelines
Communicating MCI Diagnoses
Stay Connected
Blog
Newsletter
Event Calendar
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Donate
Planned Giving
Memorial Donations
A December to Remember Gala
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Read More
Reject Accept
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.