http://www.lasereyecenter.com/privacy-policy/
BOOK NOW
Home
About
Our History
Our Specialists
Dr. Shammas
Dr. Woo
Dr. Chu
Dr. Elhaj
Dr. Jong
Dr. Karapetian
Dr. Nguyen
Dr. Park
Our Technology
IntraLase™
WaveLight EX 500
Contoura™
Catalys
Services
Overview
Myopia, Hyperopia & Astigmatism
MODERN LASIK
Contoura™
PRK
Custom Monovision
Self Evaluation
Laser Cataract Surgery
Refractive Lense Exchange
Implantable Contact Lenses
Presbyopia
Custom Monovision
Multi-Focal
Pterygium
Kerataconus
Intacs
Cross Linking
Dry Eye Treatment
Cosmetic Treatments
Contact Lens Fitting
Financing
Overview
Connect With Us
Read Our Blog
LASIK
Cataracts
Eye Health & Tips
Videos
Testimonials
Reviews
Videos
Locations
Inland Empire
Ontario
Riverside
San Bernardino
Los Angeles
Burbank
Cerritos
Downtown LA
Encino
Lakewood
Norwalk
Santa Clarita
Santa Monica
Sherman Oaks
Schedule Your FreeConsultation
*Required fields
Laser Eye Center™ values your privacy and promises not to share any of your information. - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Laser Eye Center™.
Our postal addresses are:
18000 Studebaker Rd. Suite 505
Cerritos, CA 90703
5363 Balboa Blvd. Suite 141
Encino, CA 91316
1127 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 1209
Los Angeles , CA 90017
301 South Fair Oaks Suite 102
Pasadena, CA 91105
23838 Valencia Blvd., Suite 110
Santa Clarita, CA 91355
400 Newport Center Dr. Suite 605
Newport Beach , CA 92660
3200 Inland Empire Blvd. Suite 140
Ontario, CA 91764
3600 Lime Street, Suite 117
Riverside , CA 92501
We can be reached via e-mail at info@lasereyecenter.clients.ceatus.com or you can reach us by telephone at 800-80-LASER (1-800-805-2737).
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes some information about them.
We collect some personal information (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address) and more.
The information we collect is used to improve our services and business, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, , disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
We only collect anonymous data. In order to identify which products you might be interested in, we record, via anonymous cookies, which pages you have browsed on our partners’ website. Cookies keep the information of which pages you viewed, and in certain cases which products you bought. This data is anonymous and exclusively meant for statistical treatment. There is absolutely no way for us to identify the visitor. We do not take any user information from a retailer that they may have stored about you (name, address, etc). We do not share any data with any site that displays our advertising. If you wish to be removed from our records, please contact us at the e-mail listed above.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, writing to us at the above address.
You may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above, or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by sending us e-mail at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.