https://www.globalautismproject.org/privacy-policy/
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy | Global Autism Project
HOME
HOW WE WORK
International Partnerships
Blog
JOIN THE MOVEMENT
SkillCorps
Give Monthly
WHO WE ARE
Founder’s Story
Financials
CONTACT US
DONATE
Select Page
Privacy Policy
The Global Autism Project recognizes that your privacy is important to you. Our privacy policy, outlined below, explains how we use your information. It applies to all voluntary submissions of information that we collect, both online and offline.
What information does the Global Autism Project collect?
We collect personal information when you voluntarily submit it to us.
For example, donors may provide us with personal information (such as name, address, email address, telephone numbers and/or credit/debit card information). If you join our mailing list, you may provide just your name and email. If someone contacts us by email, they may provide us with their email address, and name. Providing data is required in these contexts in order for us to process your donations, requests, or respond to inquiries.
In addition to the personal information that you submit to us, we may collect personal information about you from reputable third parties, or automatically collect information using the following technologies:
Web Server Logs: Our web servers may collect certain information such as IP addresses, webpages visited, the time that a page was visited, and the referring website.
Cookies: Cookies are simple text files stored by your web browser. We use cookies to identify your browser as you visit pages on the website, provide you with the most relevant and targeted content, and to keep track of your shopping cart when you’re ordering merchandise.
Where do we store information?
The Global Autism Project is based in the United States, and any information transmitted to us may be stored, accessed, or processed in the United States. Residents of some other countries should be aware that the laws of the United States do not offer the same protections as the laws of your home country.
How do we use your information?
We collect information primarily to accept donations, complete our programs, and provide you with information concerning our work, projects, and activities. We also use information for analytical purposes, to improve our website, our donor base, our outreach, or to respond to requests for information or merchandise. We may inform you of other purposes at the time that we collect some forms of information, such as job or internship applications. We do not trade, share, or sell information that you provide to us with other organizations. To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate procedures to secure the information we collect.
Your access to data, and your choices
If you would like to access the information that we received from you, or make corrections to it, you may contact us at the email or mailing addresses provided at the end of this policy.
If you registered to receive communications from us and later change your mind, you may ask that your name and contact information be removed from our distribution list. You can request this by clicking unsubscribe in our correspondence to you or emailing us at the email address provided at the end of this policy.
Additional information
Behavioral Advertising: We may participate in behavioral-based advertising. This means that a third party may use technology to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites.
Links: Our website may contain links to other websites. Please know that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site that is governed by that site’s privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy statement: We may modify this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected on this website.
Communicating with us: If we need, or are required to, contact you about the privacy or security of your information we may do so by telephone, email, or mail.
If you have any questions, concerns, requests, or comments about privacy, you can contact us by email, telephone, or mail at:
info@globalautismproject.org
(718) 764-8225
252 3rd Ave.
Brooklyn, NY 11215, U.S.,
Effective: August 1, 2017
[embed_popupally_pro popup_id="6"]
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Global Autism Project is a 501(c)3 organization. Our Federal Tax EIN is: 65-1228586.
Copyright © 2015 Global Autism Project