http://www.neseminars.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
800-272-2044Login
Established in 1981, More than 350,000 Taught
COVID-19 UPDATE
Login
COVID-19 UPDATE
Login
Terms and Conditions
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law by Northeast Seminars.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Northeast Seminars’s web site for personal, noncommercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
i modify or copy the materials;
ii use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
iii attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Northeast Seminars’s web site;
iv remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
v transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Northeast Seminars at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Northeast Seminars’s web site are provided “as is”. Northeast Seminars makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Northeast Seminars does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Northeast Seminars or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Northeast Seminars’s Internet site, even if Northeast Seminars or a Northeast Seminars authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Northeast Seminars’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Northeast Seminars does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Northeast Seminars may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Northeast Seminars does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Northeast Seminars has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Northeast Seminars of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Northeast Seminars may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Northeast Seminars’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Hampshire without regard to its conflict of law provisions. General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Settings