http://www.jacobswellvetsurgery.com.au/privacy.aspx
Home
About Us
Services
After Surgery Home Care
Microchipping
Dog Desexing
Dog Castration
Dog Spaying
Cat Desexing
Cat Castration
Cat Spaying
Contact Us
Information
Arthritis
Brachycephalic Dogs
Brachycephalic Palate/Nostrils Home Care Sheet
Canine Cruciate Ligament Rupture
Canine Hot Spots
Cane Toad Poisoning
What to do now
Cherry Eye
Dry Eye
Itching and Scratching
Lost and Found Pets
Obesity
Osteoarthritis
Rat Bait Poisoning
Snake Bites
What to do now
Ticks
What to do now
Canine Anaemia
Canine Osteosarcoma
Chocolate Poisoning
Forms
Bandage Care Sheet
Bandage Care Form
Post Operative Care
Dental Home Care
Privacy Statement
Provet Pty Ltd (ABN: 46 076 468 481) and its
related companies (together Provet, we, us, our and other similar expressions)
are committed to protecting your personal privacy.
This Privacy Policy tells you how we collect,
store, use and disclose your personal information.
We encourage you to read this policy
carefully so that you understand our information handling practices
Information we collect
In order to provide our customers with our products
and services, we may collect and use personal information about you and others.
If we
are not provided with all the personal information we request, we may not be able to supply our products and services.
The type of information we collect includes names, addresses,
credit card details (if you buy products or services from us) and other contact
details.
We do not normally collect or store ‘sensitive
information’, as defined in the Privacy
Act 1988 (Cth) (eg. information about ethnic origin, religious beliefs or
health). However,
if we do, we will only collect that information with your consent or as otherwise
permitted by law.
Collection of Credit Information
If you are a customer and we give you credit, we may
also collect credit information or credit eligibility information about you.
Credit information and credit eligibility information are particular types of
personal information.
The credit information and credit eligibility
information we may collect about you includes: identification information;
credit liability information; repayment history information; details of any
request for your information that we receive from a credit provider, mortgage
insurer or trade insurer; the type and the amount of credit sought; default
information; payment information; court proceedings information; personal
insolvency information; information about any serious credit infringement by
you; information disclosed in reports obtained from credit reporting bodies;
information from property searches; and information provided by trade
references.
We generally collect your credit information or credit
eligibility information directly from you, for example, if you complete our
Commercial Account Application Form.
We may also collect credit information or credit
eligibility information about you from third parties.
For example, from any organisation with whom
you have any dealings, credit reporting bodies such as Veda, or from publicly
maintained records.
The purpose for which we may collect, hold, use and
disclose credit information or credit eligibility information about you, is so
we can assess whether to extend credit to you or to a customer (if you have
given a personal guarantee in respect of that customer).
If permitted under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we may disclose
credit information or credit eligibility information about you to any
organisation with whom you have any dealings, credit reporting bodies,
creditors, other traders in the markets we trade in, our commercial customers,
our suppliers and
retailers of our
products.
How we collect personal information
Generally, we
collect an individual’s personal information from that individual.
For example, we may collect information from
you when you complete our Commercial Account Application Form, or provide a
personal guarantee, or when you provide us with information, whether in person,
by telephone, online or in writing. If you submit an order (including by
telephone or online), we will collect information necessary to fulfil that
order.
However,
occasionally we may also collect personal information from someone other than
the individual, for example from any other organisation with which you have had
any dealings, or which you have nominated to act as trade referee, or from
publicly maintained records.
How we
store personal information
We
take all reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information which we hold
about you and to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or
unauthorised alteration. Any
personal information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Access to personal
information is limited to those of our personnel who specifically need it to
carry out their business responsibilities. We also maintain physical security
procedures to manage and protect the use and storage of records containing
personal information.
We are not responsible or liable for the security of
data sent via the internet.
Purpose
of collection
We collect personal information so we
can:
meet our legal obligations;
identify our customers, potential customers
and their representatives;
inform you or others of any initiatives we
think may be of interest to you or them;
inform you or others about our products and
services and the benefits of using our products and services;
provide you or others with information about
offers or other benefits that may become available;
seek your opinion or comments about our
products and services;
to provide goods, services or other benefits
to be offered to customers, or for purposes necessary or incidental to the
provision of goods, services or other benefits to you;
carry out billing and/or debt recovery
activities;
carry out our management, administrative
quality assurance and complaint handling activities in a professional and
efficient manner;
develop and implement initiatives to improve
our products and services;
to register security interests on the
Personal Properties Security Register;
to assess your request for deferred payment
terms, or interact with you as guarantor; and
to conduct credit checks via third party credit
reporting bodies.
Use & disclosure
We use and disclose the personal
information we collect for the purposes indicated above, and for other
secondary purposes.
We usually disclose the personal
information we collect to our related entities, service providers and
contractors, who help us supply our products and services. For example, we may
disclose the personal information we collect to our information technology
providers, providers of marketing and promotional services, professional
advisors such as legal practitioners and accountants, debt collectors and
insurers.
Except where indicated above, we will
not use or disclose your personal information to a third party unless:
you
have consented to the use and disclosure;
the
third party is our service provider or contractor, in which case we will
require them to use and disclose the personal information only for the purpose
for which it was provided to them;
the
third party is a person involved in a dealing or proposed dealing (including a
sale) of all or part of our assets and business;
the
third party is a credit reporting agency, your creditor, banker, financier,
credit provider, mortgage insurer or trade insurer;
the
disclosure is to a related body corporate; or
the
disclosure is permitted, required or authorised by or under law.
Marketing
We may use your personal information
to advise you of new products and marketing initiatives that we think may be of
interest to you. This may include product and service offerings, newsletters
and general information about us.
If you prefer not to receive
information about our products and services you can ask to be removed from the
relevant circulation list by contacting us, using the details listed below.
We never disclose personal information
to a third party for the purpose of allowing them to direct market their
products or service to you, unless you have expressly consented to that
disclosure.
Access
If at any time you want to
know what personal information we hold about you, you are welcome to request
access to that information by contacting us, using the details listed below. We
may charge a fee to cover the reasonable costs we incur in processing your
request.
We may
also choose to deny your request for access where:
the
access impacts on the privacy of others;
the
request for access is frivolous or vexatious;
there
are existing or anticipated legal proceedings; or
such
access can be denied under law or by a law enforcement agency.
If we deny your request for
access, we will let you know why.
Quality & correction
At all times we strive to ensure that the information
we hold about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If at any time you
believe the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect,
incomplete or inaccurate, you should let us know. We will use all reasonable
efforts to correct the information.
Website
& cookies
To ensure we are meeting the needs and wants of
our website users, and to develop our online services, we may collect aggregated
information by using cookies or similar electronic tools.
Cookies are small amounts
of information sent from a web server to your computer.
These cookies are used to retain login and location
information in order to make your experience more convenient and personal.
We do not use cookies to track your internet
activity before or after you leave our website.
No other business has access to our cookies.
We do not use this technology to
access any personal information of a user in our records and a user cannot be
personally identified from a cookie.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
As our business evolves our business processes and
policies will be reviewed and may be revised. We may change our Privacy Policy
at any time. We will notify you of any change by posting an updated version of
our Privacy Policy on our website. Please check our website regularly.
Complaints
We are committed to constantly improving our procedures so that personal
information is treated appropriately. If you feel that we have failed to deal
with your personal information in accordance with this policy or in accordance
with the Australian Privacy Principles, please contact us, using the details
listed below, so we have an opportunity to resolve the issue to your
satisfaction.
We will log your complaint and our privacy officer will:
listen to your concerns and
grievances;
discuss with you the ways in
which we can remedy the situation; and
put in place an action plan to
resolve your complaint and improve our information handling procedures if
appropriate.
If we have tried to resolve your complaint and you are not happy with our response, you may also contact the Office of Australian Information Commissioner by calling 1300 363 992 or by visiting www.oaic.gov.au.
Disclosure to overseas recipients
We are not likely to disclose your personal information to recipients
located overseas.
Contact us
If you require more detailed information about our
information handling practices or if you have any concerns about our handling
of your personal information, you can contact Provet’s Privacy Officer via our email form.
We will endeavour to respond to your concerns as
quickly as possible.
Terms Of Use | Privacy Policy
© 2020
Jacobs Well Veterinary Surgery
| Designed by Provet | Log In