https://www.traditionalacupuncture.com.au/privacy-policy/
Online Booking
Clinic Details
COVID-19 info
Call 9796 2388
×
Area of Health
Pain Relief
Digestive Health
Women’s Health
Men’s Health
Stress and Anxiety
Hay Fever (SAR)
About Me
Articles
More
Techniques Used
Acupuncture Gift Voucher
Learn About Chinese Medicine
MENU
Privacy Policy
Traditional Healing Acupuncture pty ltd is committed to providing quality services to you and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your Personal Information.
We have adopted the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act). The NPPs govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of your Personal Information.
A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles may be obtained from the website of The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.aoic.gov.au
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it?
Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. Examples of Personal Information we collect include: names, addresses, email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers.
This Personal Information is obtained in many ways including our online booking form, new client form and contact form and from third parties. We don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties.
We collect your Personal Information for the primary purpose of providing our services to you, providing information to our clients and marketing. We may also use your Personal Information for secondary purposes closely related to the primary purpose, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure. You may unsubscribe from our mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us in writing, or using the unsubscribe link in the newsletter emails.
When we collect Personal Information we will, where appropriate and where possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and how we plan to use it.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
Sensitive information will be used by us only:
For the primary purpose for which it was obtained
For a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose
With your consent; or where required or authorised by law.
Third Parties
Where reasonable and practicable to do so, we will collect your Personal Information only from you. However, in some circumstances we may be provided with information by third parties (e.g. other practitioners or medical professionals). In such a case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that you are made aware of the information provided to us by the third party.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances including the following:
Third parties where you consent to the use or disclosure; and
Where required or authorised by law.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, most of the Personal Information is or will be stored in client files which will be kept by us for a minimum of 7 years.
Access to your Personal Information
You may access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact us in writing.
Traditional Healing Acupuncture pty ltd will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee for providing a copy of your Personal Information.
In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
Maintaining the Quality of your Personal Information
It is an important to us that your Personal Information is up to date. We will take reasonable steps to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure we can continue to provide quality services to you.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
Traditional Healing Acupuncture pty ltd
admin@traditionalacupuncture.com.au
03 9796 2388
Last updated December 6th 2018
Berwick Specialist Suites
Suite 8, Level 1
50 Kangan Drive Berwick 3806
9796 2388
Make an Enquiry
Book Online
Areas We Serve
Pain Relief
Headaches | Migraines
Neck Pain
Frozen Shoulder
Lower Back Pain
Sciatica
Knee Pain
Heel Pain
Golfers | Tennis Elbow
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Osteo Arthritis
Sports Injuries
Emotional Health
Stress
Anxiety
General Health
Hay Fever | Sinusitis
Digestive Health
Bloating | Nausea
Acid Reflux
Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Constipation | Diarrhoea
Fatigue and Lethargy
Lingering Infections
Women’s Health
Period Pain
Endometriosis Pain
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome
Assisted Reproduction (IVF)
Menopause
Men’s Health
Learn More
Acupuncture Evidence Report
Chinese Medicine Theory
FAQ
Latest Articles
COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic
Mar 17
Updated September 23rd 2020 A letter received from the Chief...
Acupuncture and IVF Research – Future Directions
Mar 14
There has been research published in the last year showing...
November – The Worst month for Hay Fever in Melbourne 2018
Nov 26
For the second year running I’ve seen November to be...
Stress linked to Infertility
May 2
A recent study performed by RMIT University has put forward...
Acupuncture Pain Relief – Latest Research Findings
Jan 22
A worrying article published in the Age newspaper shows over...
© 2007-2020 Traditional Healing Acupuncture pty ltd
Privacy Policy | Cancellation Policy |Home Page