http://www.love-sessions.com/policy_guidelines.htm
Privacy Policy
Relationship Advice
Love
Break Up
Marriage
Romance
Communication
The Bedroom
Blogs
Fun
Most Popular
Relationship Advice
Love
Credit Crunch Love
Articles
Flirting
Love Quotes
More Love Quotes
Love Blog
Confessions?
Quotes, Info and Tests
Love Quotes
All Love Quotes & Search
Relationship Articles
Top X Relationship Issues
Relationship Test
Love Quiz
Love Meter
Love Calculator
I love you
Friends
Psychic Reading
Love Spells
Top Topics
Relationship Blog
All Topics
Being in Love
To Marry or Not
Articles
What is Love
Ask Alina Column
Love Story - Contest
About Love-Sessions
Relationship Advice and Help are our two main categories. Our job is to give you the Professional Relationship Advice and help you need and deserve for all your Relationship problems.
Privacy policy
Our
Commitment To Privacy
Regarding
refunds on E-sessions.
Full
inboxes, down email addresses and fraud.
Love-Sessions does not take
responsibility for images on Love-Sessions. Some images can be supplied by
content writer's and Love-Sessions is not able to check the legal background
of it. However we are committed to an honest site, whenever you find
material that is in your opinion copyright protected, please notify us and
we will take action towards it.
Our
Commitment To Privacy
Your
privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this
notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can
make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice
easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where
personally identifiable information may be requested.
The
Information We Collect: All the information we receive
from our clients will remain confidential and will not be sold or used in any
other way then by our advisors to reply to the client to with their
advise.
This notice
applies to all information collected or submitted on Love-Sessions website. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests,
and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected
at these pages are:
Name:
Email address:
The Way We
Use Information:
The name
and email address can be used to send our e-zine. This will only be done if
the person gives Love-Sessions permission to do so.
Our
Commitment To Data Security
To prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures to safeguard and we do not store any secure information
online.
How To
Contact Us:
Should you
have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, mail us at info@love-sessions.com
Regarding
refunds on E-sessions.
Love-Sessions guarantees a refund in the following circumstances only:
If we did
not respond within 24 hrs to you after that you submitted us the client
form.*
If you
paid twice for the same session by accident.
If we did
not have the correct advisor for your issue. (To decide by Love-Sessions)
Refund is paid only to original Purchaser.
No refund due to changed personal situation.
Refund Request must be made within 30 days after submission of your client form
Full
inboxes, down email addresses and fraud.
Love-Sessions
is not responsible for errors in your mail box such as full or down mail
addresses.
We do not
refund in such cases. You can always still ask Love-Sessions to send the issue
once more.
In case you
claim a refund through your credit card company with reasons such as we would
not have delivered the service you paid for: In those cases Love-Sessions will
forward the email advice issue to your credit card company (incl. email header)
to prove we delivered you our service as agreed.
In case a
credit card company demands a refund due to fraud, we will also forward the
advice issue with all details to the credit card company, to prevent and
prosecute fraud.
Due to the
fact that the person who's card is used to receive advice is a fraud, we believe
the advice is not under privacy rules any more.
Further more
we will report the email address where the advice is asked to be send, to the
provider, police, and credit card fraud department.
*In some
cases we mention on the site that due to maintenance the period is longer then
the normal 24hrs response time. In this case you will see a clear text on the
sign up page.
Relationship advice, Counseling help, experts helping you. Make Love-Sessions.com Your Homepage
© 2002 - 2019 - Love-Sessions - All rights reserved - Privacy Policy - Contact Us - FAQ