http://www.gsk.com/en-gb/terms-of-use/
Skip to Content
Skip to Search
×
Where we operate
You are currently visiting our global website.
Global
https://www.gsk.com
Africa
Algeria (EN)
Kenya (EN)
Morocco (EN)
Nigeria (EN)
South Africa (EN)
Tunisia (EN)
Asia & the Middle East
Bangladesh (EN)
Cambodia (EN)
China (Mainland) (ZH/EN)
Egypt (EN/AR)
Hong Kong and Macau (EN/ZH)
India (EN)
Indonesia (EN)
Israel (EN)
Japan (JP)
Kazakhstan (RU)
Korea (KO)
Malaysia (EN)
Myanmar (EN)
Pakistan (EN/UR)
Philippines (EN)
Saudi Arabia (EN)
Singapore (EN)
Sri Lanka (EN)
Taiwan (ZH)
Thailand (EN)
Turkey (TR)
United Arab Emirates (EN)
Vietnam (EN)
Australasia
Australia (EN)
New Zealand (EN)
Europe
Albania (EN)
Austria (DE)
Belarus (EN)
Belgium (FR/NL/EN)
Bosnia and Herzegovina (EN)
Bulgaria (BG)
Croatia (EN)
Cyprus (EN)
Czech Republic (CS)
Denmark (DA)
Estonia (EN)
Finland (FI)
France (FR)
Germany (DE)
Greece (EL)
Hungary (HU)
Ireland (EN)
Italy (IT)
Latvia (EN)
Lithuania (EN)
Luxembourg (FR/NL/EN)
Macedonia (EN)
Malta (EN)
Netherlands (NL)
Norway (NB)
Poland (PL)
Portugal (PT)
Romania (RO)
Russia (RU)
Serbia (SR)
Slovakia (SK)
Slovenia (SL)
Spain (ES)
Sweden (SV)
Switzerland (DE/FR)
Ukraine (UK)
United Kingdom (EN)
North America
Canada (EN/FR)
Mexico (EN)
United States (EN)
South & Central America
Argentina (ES)
Brazil (PT)
Caribbean Islands (EN)
Chile (EN)
Costa Rica (EN)
Dominican Republic (EN)
Ecuador (EN)
El Salvador (EN)
Guatemala (EN)
Honduras (EN)
Jamaica (EN)
Panama (EN/ES)
Peru (EN)
Trinidad & Tobago (EN)
Uruguay (EN)
Venezuela (EN)
Terms of use
Terms of use
This website may provide information about medical conditions and their treatment.  GSK makes no representation that material in the site is appropriate or available for use outside of the territory of the intended audience.
Please select...
Overview
Global EULA for mobile apps using PII
Global EULA for mobile apps not using PII
Healthcare information
This website may provide information about medical conditions and their treatment.  GSK makes no representation that material in the site is appropriate or available for use outside of the territory of the intended audience. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent that local laws are applicable.  In addition, nothing on this website should be construed as providing any kind of medical advice or recommendation, and should not be relied on as the basis for any decision or action. Specific medical advice should always be sought from a qualified medical practitioner
GSK uses reasonable efforts to update this website, but some information may become out of date over time. Except as specifically stated, GSK makes no claims or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or use of the information contained on this website.
Hypertext links
This website may link you to other websites on the Internet, including the websites for GSK affiliates in other countries.  Please ensure that you read the legal and privacy policy sections of any other GSK or third-party site to which you link.  GSK is not responsible for, does not recommend and accepts no liability for any information or opinion contained in any third-party website.
This symbol, found throughout the website, represents a link to an external website.
Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights in the material on this site are owned by the GSK group of companies, or they have been granted permission to use such material except where specifically stated otherwise. Reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than in accordance with the following permissions.
You may read, view, print, download and copy the material on this website for your personal and non-commercial use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material and include the copyright statement “© GSK group of companies, all rights reserved”.  Unless specifically indicated, no other use of the material is permitted.
Nothing contained in this website should be construed as conferring any licence or right under any intellectual property (including patents, trade marks and copyright) of the GSK group of companies or any third party.
GSK claims no ownership in, nor any affiliation with, any third-party trademarks appearing on this website. Such third-party trademarks are used only to identify the products and services of their respective owners, and no sponsorship or endorsement on the part of GSK should be inferred from the use of these marks.
Use of Information
Communications from users or other material sent through the internet, posted on a GSK website or otherwise (other than those containing personal and/or health-related information, which fall within GSK’s Privacy Policy) are deemed to be non-confidential and non-proprietary, and GSK shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information.  GSK shall be free to use this information for any purpose it deems appropriate, including reproduction and publication, and may use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including commercial purposes, without paying users for the right to do so.
Privacy
GSK respects the privacy of its website visitors. Please refer to GSK’s Privacy Policy for an explanation of your rights and responsibilities with respect to the information that is disclosed on this website.
Not an Invitation to Deal
Nothing on this website constitutes an invitation or offer to invest or deal in the securities or ADRs of GSK.  In particular, actual results and developments may be materially different from any forecast, opinion or expectation expressed on this website, and the past performance of the price of securities must not be relied on as a guide to their future performance.
LICENSING AGREEMENT/TERMS OF USE FOR GLAXOSMITHKLINE MOBILE APPLICATIONS
The following Licensing Agreement/Terms of Use applies to your access to and use of the GlaxoSmithKline application. Clicking the “Agree” button constitutes your agreement to adhere to the Licensing Agreement/Terms of Use. If you do not agree, you will not be able to access the application. Please select cancel to exit the application if you do not agree.
Disclaimer
This application has been developed as a service of GlaxoSmithKline. Like any other service, in spite of our best efforts the information in this application may become out of date over time. GlaxoSmithKline accepts no liability for the accuracy or completeness or use of, nor any liability to update, the information contained on this application. GlaxoSmithKline is not liable for any direct or indirect damages including but not limited to damages for personal injury or lost data related to your use of the application. These materials are provided "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Medical Information
The content in this application should not be construed as the giving of advice or the making of a recommendation and it should not be relied on as the basis for any decision or action. It is important that you rely only on the advice of a health care professional to advise you on your specific situation.
Reporting of Side Effects
If you have a side effect to report for the product that is the subject of this application -- or for any other GlaxoSmithKline product -- please contact us using this form.
Access and Service Fees
To access and use this application you may need to access the internet through devices that access internet based content and pay any service fees associated with such access.
Consent for Data Collection and Use
You agree that GlaxoSmithKline may collect and use data related to your device, operating system and application that is gathered periodically to facilitate the distribution of software updates and other communications related to the application (if any). GlaxoSmithKline may use this information for continuous improvement of the application.
Security of Personal Information on your Mobile Device
You agree that this application may collect personal information relating to you. Your personal information will be used to enable the application to function as intended. If you choose to record your full name or other information that directly identifies you, we recommend that you password protect your mobile device upon startup to protect your personal information.
GSK Collection and Use of Personal Information
You agree that GlaxoSmithKline may collect personal information relating to you. Before you submit any information, you should be aware of how it will be used. Your personal information will be used to enable the GlaxoSmithKline application to function as intended. Before you submit any information, you should be aware of how it will be used. We will use your information to enable the GlaxoSmithKline application to function as intended and to mail (and email) you helpful information on conditions and related treatments, products and services, and for marketing and informational purposes. We may also share this information with our affiliates and subsidiaries as well as authorized independent third parties who may assist us in collecting and processing information. The information you submit may be transferred to other countries that may not have laws protecting personal information equivalent to your own. By providing your information, you agree to the above collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. If you have any questions or would like to be removed from our mailing list, please contact our local affiliate in your country.
For more information about our global privacy practices, please see our privacy statement.
License Grant
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, GlaxoSmithKline grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable license to access and use the application. You many not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify or transfer the application. You may not download the application in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
Support
GlaxoSmithKline does not maintain an obligation to provide technical support or maintenance for this application. This application is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. GlaxoSmithKline does not make any warranty that the application will meet your requirements or that the use of the application will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free.
Termination
This license is effective until terminated by you or GlaxoSmithKline which may occur at any time. Upon termination this application must not be used and all copies must be permanently uninstalled.
LICENSING AGREEMENT/TERMS OF USE FOR GLAXOSMITHKLINE MOBILE APPLICATIONS
The following Licensing Agreement/Terms of Use applies to your access to and use of the GlaxoSmithKline application. Clicking the “Agree” button constitutes your agreement to adhere to the Licensing Agreement/Terms of Use. If you do not agree, you will not be able to access the application. Please select cancel to exit the application if you do not agree.
Disclaimer
This application has been developed as a service of GlaxoSmithKline. Like any other service, in spite of our best efforts the information in this application may become out of date over time. GlaxoSmithKline accepts no liability for the accuracy or completeness or use of, nor any liability to update, the information contained on this application. GlaxoSmithKline is not liable for any direct or indirect damages including but not limited to damages for personal injury or lost data related to your use of the application. These materials are provided "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Medical Information
The content in this application should not be construed as the giving of advice or the making of a recommendation and it should not be relied on as the basis for any decision or action. It is important that you rely only on the advice of a health care professional to advise you on your specific situation.
Reporting of Side Effects
If you have a side effect to report for the product that is the subject of this application -- or for any other GlaxoSmithKline product - please contact us using this form.
Access and Service Fees
To access and use this application you may need to access the internet through devices that access internet based content and pay any service fees associated with such access.
Consent for Data Collection and Use
You agree that GlaxoSmithKline may collect and use data related to your device, operating system and application that is gathered periodically to facilitate the distribution of software updates and other communications related to the application (if any). GlaxoSmithKline may use this information for continuous improvement of the application.
Security of Personal Information on your Mobile Device
You agree that this application may collect personal information relating to you. Your personal information will be used to enable the application to function as intended. If you choose to record your full name or other information that directly identifies you, we recommend that you password protect your mobile device upon startup to protect your personal information.
For more information about our global privacy practices, please see our privacy statement.
License Grant
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, GlaxoSmithKline grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable license to access and use the application. You many not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify or transfer the application. You may not download the application in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
Support
GlaxoSmithKline does not maintain an obligation to provide technical support or maintenance for this application. This application is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. GlaxoSmithKline does not make any warranty that the application will meet your requirements or that the use of the application will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free.
Termination
This license is effective until terminated by you or GlaxoSmithKline which may occur at any time. Upon termination this application must not be used and all copies must be permanently uninstalled.
Back to top