http://www.southdaytonurology.com/privacy-policy.php#photo-disclaimer
South Dayton Urological
South Dayton Urological
Appointments: 937-294-1489
Home
Physicians
Our Office
Services & Procedures
About da Vinci
Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Disclaimer
Any use of this website or the information contained in the website is at your own risk. We will not be responsible for the consequences of your decision to utilize the information contained in this website.
The medical information provided in this site is for educational purposes only, it is not intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice. Always consult your physician or healthcare provider prior to starting any new treatment or with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to the right to privacy for our patients and web site visitors. When a person visits our web site we may collect and track data from our site's server. This information helps us to improve upon the content provided on our site. Information collected may include how long you spend on our site, the pages you visit, your browser and operating system types and the name of your Internet service provider.
Our web site provides the capability to request information on-line. To process your request, we may require that you provide us with personal identifying information. All information collected is held in complete confidence. It is our policy not to share the information with third parties for any reason, unless legally required to do so or as necessary to process your requests.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of information gathered through our web site, please contact us.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Download our Notice of Privacy Practices [pdf]
Stock Photography Models
The persons shown in photographs on this website are stock photography models (Models) and are not actual patients of, nor are they affiliated with, South Dayton Urological, South Dayton Urological's direct and indirect parent companies, subsidiaries, or subsidiaries of its parent companies ("Affiliates"). South Dayton Urological or South Dayton Urological's Affiliates, have obtained the rights to use the photographs via license agreements with certain third party stock photography companies, and South Dayton Urological or South Dayton Urological's Affiliates use of the photographs is in compliance with the terms of those license agreements.
The photographs showing the Models are used on this website for illustrative purposes only. The Models do not personally endorse South Dayton Urological, or any products, services, causes, or endeavors associated with, or provided by, South Dayton Urological or any of South Dayton Urological's Affiliates. The context in which the photographs are used on this website is not intended to reflect personally on any of the Models shown in the photographs. South Dayton Urological, South Dayton Urological's Affiliates, their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and/or independent contractors assume no liability for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to the use of the photographs showing the Models on this website.
In This Section
Contact Us
View our online library of healthcare topics. [ click here ]
da Vinci® overcomes limitations of both traditional and minimally invasive surgery. [ click here ]
Home |
Physicians |
Our Office |
Services & Procedures |
About da Vinci |
Conditions |
Contact Us
Copyright 2020 South Dayton Urological ::
Privacy Policy ::
Photo Disclaimer ::
Powered by Practis