http://www.palmer.edu/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Palmer COVID-19 Updates and Announcements
Home >
Palmer College of Chiropractic takes information security and protecting your data seriously. We recognize that when you choose to provide information about yourself you trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this information should only be used to help provide you with the best possible service. By using this website, you're consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Procedure.What information do we gather about you?We and our third-party vendors collect certain information regarding your use of www.palmer.edu, such as your IP address and browser type. Your session and the pages you visit on www.palmer.edu will be tracked, but you'll remain anonymous. We may use your IP address to identify the general geographic area from which you are accessing www.palmer.edu. We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal information. We may also collect other information as described in this policy.What do we use your information for?We use the information we gather from you for systems-administration purposes, abuse prevention, to track user trends, and for the other purposes described in this procedure. If you send us an email, the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and other requests or questions. We won't share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.User information may be shared with third-party vendors to the extent necessary to provide and improve Web services or other communications to users. For example, we use third parties such as Google Analytics to generate reports on site usage, web traffic, user behavior, and user interests to optimize our website for our visitors. We also use geographic, demographic, and interest-based reports of our website visitors to create custom audience lists. We prohibit any third parties who receive user information for this purpose from using or sharing user information for any purpose other than providing services for the benefit of our users.We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and safety of our users or others.How is this information collected and how can you opt out?Google and other third parties may use cookies, Web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads. For more information on Google Analytics, consult their terms of use, privacy practices, and ads settings. You can opt-out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.If you give us permission to send emails to you, you may opt-out of that permission at any time by following the "unsubscribe" information at the bottom of the email or through direct correspondence with marketing@palmer.edu. If you have additional questions or would like to update or delete your personal information, you may email marketing@palmer.edu or call our office at 800-722-2586.Use of cookiesCookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options or you can opt-out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.Other websites and cookiesThis website may contain links to other websites. We aren't responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, or other social media services for which www.palmer.edu has implemented “plug-ins.” Because the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.Information protectionThis site has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100-percent secure.Data storageThe information collected on this website will be stored and processed on databases in the United States. Personal information you provide is stored according to Palmer’s Record Retention and Disposal of College Records Policy or until the user unsubscribes or requests to be removed via the contact information below.ChildrenPalmer College of Chiropractic is in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). COPPA dictates that we do not collect information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years of age.Users located in the European economic areaIf you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the “European Economic Area”), we've provided additional information about ways certain Palmer College of Chiropractic campuses, clinics, units and controlled entities, including this website, may collect, use and share information about you.This website uses Personal Information as a Processor as defined in the GDPR from May 25th, 2018. All European Union users of the website will be notified of our data collection and be prompted to opt-in prior to visiting the site. Consequently, the website collects personal information from users in the European Union, only if that user opts-in to participation when they enter the website.Notification of changesWe may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new features, or as laws change that may affect our services. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we’ll post a notice on our website. Any revised Privacy Statement will apply to information we already have about you at the time of the change, and any personal information created or received after the change takes effect. Each new version of the Privacy Statement is dated. We encourage you to periodically reread this Privacy Statement to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you.ContactIf you have questions about this privacy statement, please contact:Palmer College of Chiropractic1000 Brady StreetDavenport, IA 52803support@palmer.eduIf you have any questions about the practices of this site, please contact:Palmer College of Chiropractic1000 Brady StreetDavenport, IA 52803marketing@palmer.edu800-722-2586
ExpandCollapse All
Contact Us
Department Directory
Explore Main Campus
Explore Florida Campus
Explore West Campus
Directions and Maps
Social Media
Media Newsroom
Expert Sources
Request Information
Apply
Schedule Visit
Palmer.edu uses cookies for advertising. You may disable them in your browser settings. Privacy Statement
I understand