http://www.napervillevets.com/privacy-statement
Services
Comprehensive Physicals
Illness / Advanced Diagnostics
Wellness Checks
Urgencies
Therapeutics
Surgeries
Medicines / Prescriptions
Examinations
Vaccinations
Behavior
Our Doctors
Dr. Richard F. Kilburn
Dr. Jennifer Parvin
Dr. Laurel Selvaggio
About
FAQs
Videos
Contact
Home
Subscribe
Privacy Statement
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for County Line Animal Hospital at http://napervillevets.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately via telephone at 630-983-5551 or contact@napervillevets.com.
County Line Animal Hospital, P.C.
2200 South Washington Street, Naperville, IL 60565
Phone: 630-983-5551 | Fax: 630-983-5674 | contact@napervillevets.com
Map & Directions
Copyright 1971 – 2013 © 2020 County Line Animal Hospital. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement