https://www.warrentonfire.org/contact-us/facebook-comment-policy/
Toggle navigation
Warrenton Vol. Fire Co.
Home
Join Now!
Recruitment
Membership Options
Application Process
Training and Benefits
Duty Crews
History
Fleet
Gallery
Staff
Training Events
Information
Information
Chief’s Message
History
Fleet
Prevention
-OIM
Audio
Member Services
Training
WebMail
Member Login
CAD Alerts
Active 911
DRF Login
OIT/OIS
Password Reset
Staffing Dashboard
VPN
Access Portal
Request Report
Calendar
LODD
Contact Us
Hall Rental
Fauquier Alert Network
Return to Contact Us
Facebook Comment Policy
Warrenton Volunteer Fire Company – Facebook Page Guidelines – Rev. 6.26.15
Thank you for being a fan of Warrenton Volunteer Fire Company on Facebook. The WVFC participates in Facebook in order to keep the community informed about fire and rescue activities and other related events that occur in the town and county. The WVFC Public Information Office serves as the direct link between the Community and the Fire Company through coordination with local media and by using multimedia platforms. These vital tools assist the company in providing timely and accurate information to the public.
If you have any questions, please contact
The WVFC Public Information Office
Call: 1-540-347-0522 to request contact or,
Email: pio@warrentonfire.org
Comment Policy
Disclaimer
Posted comments and images do not necessarily represent the views of WVFC. External, non-WVFC links on this site do not constitute official endorsement on behalf of the WVFC. While we encourage fans to share thoughts and opinions on the WVFC Facebook page, we expect that this will be done in a respectful manner.
The WVFC does not agree with or endorse every comment that individuals post on our pages. Our goal is to share ideas and information with as many individuals as possible and our policy is to accept the majority of comments made to our profile.
Therefore, a comment will be deleted if it contains:
Hate speech
Profanity, obscenity or vulgarity
Nudity in profile pictures
Defamation to a person or people
Name calling and/or personal attacks,
Comments whose main purpose are to sell a product, and services
Comments that infringe on copyrights,
Spam comments, such as the same comment posted repeatedly on a profile, and
Other comments that the WVFC Social Media team deems inappropriate.
All links posted as comments on WVFC posts will be reviewed and may be deleted.
Repeated violations of the WVFC comment policy may cause the author to be blocked from the WVFC Facebook page.
We understand that social media is a 24/7 medium; however, our moderation capabilities are not. We may not see every inappropriate comment right away, and we are trusting in the maturity of our community to ignore personal attacks and negative speech or respond politely.
Please contact pio@warrentonfire.org if you have any questions.
Terms of Use
For official Warrenton Volunteer Fire Company information, go to warrentonfire.org.
The WVFC Facebook page is provided as service to Facebook users for educational use. Posted comments may not originate from WVFC and therefore do not necessarily represent the views of WVFC. To view WVFC content without becoming a fan of the WVFC on Facebook, please go to: warrentonfire.org
Privacy Notice Regarding Third Party Websites:
This is the Warrenton Volunteer Fire Company’s page on Facebook. If you’re looking for the official and most comprehensive source of information about the WVFC, please visit our official website at warrentonfire.org. Comments posted on Facebook and messages received through the WVFC Facebook page are subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act and may be archived.
Click here to learn more about our privacy protections.
Please note that Facebook is not a WVFC website or application; it is controlled or operated by Facebook, and WVFC’s Privacy Policy does not apply. The WVFC does not own, manage, or control Facebook. If you choose to provide information to Facebook through registration or other interaction with the Facebook website, such actions are between you and Facebook. Such as if you choose to register with Facebook, any information that you provide is voluntarily contributed by you and is not maintained by any WVFC entity. The WVFC does not collect, maintain, or disseminate information you provide to Facebook. Although you may voluntarily contribute to Facebook with the intent to share the information with others on the WVFC Facebook Page, to protect your privacy, please do not disclose personally identifiable information about yourself or others.
The WVFC Privacy Policy does not apply to Facebook, and WVFC cannot guarantee the privacy or security of information that users provide to linked external third-party websites such as Facebook. Content from warrentonfire.org is provided to third-party websites, such as Facebook, in accordance with the agency’s mission and goals. The WVFC cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided by Facebook or any other non-WVFC site. WVFC’s collaboration with third-party websites, including Facebook, does not imply endorsement by the WVFC or any of its employees of the site, the sponsors of the site, or any information, product, or service depicted on the site.
The WVFC does not collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, or telephone number from third-party websites such as Facebook. The WVFC will not contact you directly via phone, mail, or email attempting to solicit information from you. The WVFC may use information that visitors make available to it on Facebook and other third-party websites to improve our programs and better serve the public (for example, improving our education and outreach materials and activities). The WVFC will maintain any such information in accordance with local, state and federal law. To learn more about the WVFC’s privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy here.
For further information or questions please email pio@warrentonfire.org if you have any questions.
Permanent link to this article: https://www.warrentonfire.org/contact-us/facebook-comment-policy/
In this section
Contact Us
Communications & PIO
Facebook Comment Policy
Public Relations Policy
Looking for a challenge?DocumentsWVFC-Core-ValuesWVFC-MissionWVFC-Strategic-ObjectivesOpen-Recruiting-LetterSmoke Alarm Tip SheetEscape Planning TipsGrilling Fire Safety TipsWVFC Training Request FormWVFC-Brochure-2016Heating SafetyHoliday InformationWinter Holiday SafetyWinter InformationXmas Tree SafetySpring Safety2017-02 Announcementhome_safety_checklistFauquier Driving FormsVolunteer Applications Color - Draft 8-18-11-3
Agency License
Communications & PIO
Site Login
Submit Discrepancy
Webmail
FAQ
Founded 1872 | Since 1924 | Warrenton Vol. Fire Co., Inc.
Excellence | Service | Dedication | Professionalism
167 W. Shirley Ave.
Warrenton, Va 20186
P 540.347.0522
F 540.347.6513
webmaster@warrentonfire.org
VA EMS Agency: 00830 ~
FDID: 06101 ~ ISO: 3
This institution is an Equal Opportunity Provider
Made with
by Graphene Themes.