https://www.ivfphoenix.com/terms-of-use/
Online Appointment
Seminar Registration
FAQ
PAY BILL HERE
OUR BLOG
1-602-765-2229
×
Home
About Us
Our Team
Testimonials
Pricing
Press Room
Contact Us
Seminars
Free Seminars
Egg Freezing Seminar
Services
LOW AMH
Immunology & Infertility
MTHFR & Infertility
Hashimoto’s & Infertility
Inflammation & Infertility
Recurrent Miscarriage
Unexplained Infertility
Low Sperm & Infertility
Procedures
INVOcell
IVF Invitrofertilization
ICSI
Assisted Hatching
Embryo Biopsy & PGS Genetic Testing
Intra Ulterine Insemination (IUI)
Cryopreservation
Donor Oocyte Program
Ovarian Reserve Testing (AMH)
Sperm Analysis
Sperm Extraction
News
Resources
Patient Forms
Education
Medication Teaching Videos
FAQ
Provider Referral
Terms of Use
Patient Portal
MENU
Terms of Use Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
THIS SITE IS OWNED BY IVF Phoenix™. (“OWNER”). USE OF THIS SITE IS CONDITIONED UPON AGREEMENT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Owner, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
A. CONTENT. The contents of this Site, such as text, graphics, images, information are provided and/or approved by our contributors, and other material contained on this Site (“Content”) are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health providers with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this Site.
B. EMERGENCIES. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. Merely because a particular physician’s information is contained on this Site or advertises on this Site, this does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by this Site of any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by this Site or others appearing on the Site is solely at your own risk.
C. EXPLICIT MATERIAL. The Site may contain health or medical-related materials that are sexually explicit. If you find these materials offensive, you may not want to use our Site. We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. You should be aware that this Site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
D. USE OF MATERIAL. The Content is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with the owners of this Site. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice.
E. TERMINATION OF RIGHTS. If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
F. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. The use of this Site and the Content is at your own risk. When using this Site, Owner assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with the use of this Site. This Site and the Content are provided on an “as is” basis. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, OWNER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
In no event shall Owner be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use this Site or the Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory.
G. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES. Without limiting the foregoing, Owner makes no representations or warranties about the following: (1) The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of this Site; and (2) The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any software tools with regard to the Content contained on this Site.
H. SUBMISSIONS. The personal information you submit to this Site is governed by the Privacy Policy. You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Site that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting content, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
I. SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES. If you choose to subscribe to one of our subscription services, You should be aware that these services are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 18, these services do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information from any person we know to be a child under the age of 18, and do not collect any medical information about subscribers.
J. ADVERTISEMENTS AND LINKS. This Site may provide links to third-party websites. This Site may select certain sites as priority responses to search terms you enter and may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content. Owner does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. Owner is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within this Site, third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Owner does not endorse any product, service, or treatment advertised on this Site.
K. SURVIVAL. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever: Paragraphs F, H, I, L and this paragraph K.
L. JURISDICTION AND CHOICE OF LAW. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute, or in any way relating to your use of this Site, resides in the courts of the State of Arizona and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of Arizona in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving Owner, its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Arizona, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
M. NOTICE AND TAKE DOWN. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials or access thereto from this web site by contacting the copyright agent below and providing (1) Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed; (2) Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location; (3) Your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address; (4) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that “under penalty of perjury,” you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and (6) A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Agent for Copyright Issues Related to This Site: info@ivfphoenix.com
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on this Site, these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and Owner with respect to the use of this Site and its Content.
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved by IVFPhoenix.
Learn about Terms of Use or browse Press Room