http://www.asiaairambulance.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Asia Air Ambulance Inc. we care about the privacy of our customers. We are setting out in detail the policies and practices which we have adopted to protect the privacy of our customers in order that they may feel confident about how we handle the personal information that is entrusted to us online or through assistance companies or insurance companies.
The personal information we collect:
Asia Air Ambulance Inc. only collects personal information about our passengers that is disclosed directly to us by our passengers or that is provided to Asia Air Ambulance Inc. The typical personal information we receive includes information such as your name, flight details, e-mail address, telephone number and address as well as demographic information such as age, gender, etc. In addition, we may receive pertinent medical health information necessary to ensure the safety and proper care of individual passengers aboard our aircraft where such passengers with special needs have provided relevant information to one of our travel operators.
The use of personal information:
Personal information received by our Trip Coordinators and our Travel Operators is used to comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the federal and provincial governments and Canadian regulatory bodies including the requirements of the Canadian Transportation Agency. Personal information is also used to comply with the applicable laws of countries from and to which Asia Air Ambulance Inc. aircraft fly. In addition, we use personal information to track customer service issues which may include the accommodation of any special dietary requirements, to expedite passenger check-in and the boarding of aircraft, for the retrieval of delayed baggage and to expedite the processing of insurance claims. The use of personal information by Asia Air Ambulance Inc. is designed to ensure timely responses to the questions and concerns of our customers.
The use of IP addresses and Cookies:
Cookies are bits of information that are transferred from a website to an individual’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We may use “cookie” technology and IP addresses only to obtain non-personal information from on-line visitors to provide them with the best possible personalized on-line experience and on a limited basis. To do this, we do keep track of the type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape) and operating system (e.g., Windows, Macintosh) used by the visitor, and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider. In addition, We track the aggregate number of visitors to our site to allow us to update and improve our site. Personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. Cookie technology also helps us deliver content tailored to a visitor’s interests. You may disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do disable cookies, we may be unable to optimize your visit to our site.
To safeguard personal information:
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online or that we receive directly from our clients (i.e., passengers, TravelOperators, etc). We make all reasonable efforts to be sure that third parties who work with Asia Air Ambulance Inc.undertake to protect personal information in accordance with applicable privacy legislation. Asia Air Ambulance Inc. reserves the right to use or disclose any information as may be required to comply with any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of this web site, to fulfill customer requests, or to cooperate in any legal investigation.
Consent
By disclosing personal information to us over our web site, via telephone, through written correspondence or to our Travel Operators, you are consenting to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by Asia Air Ambulance Inc. and/or our Travel Operators. Personal information collected or received by Asia Air Ambulance Inc will not be used other than for the purposes identified in this policy or such other purposes for which specific personal information has been collected.
What should you do if you have questions or you would like to access or correct your information?
If you would like us to confirm, update, change, or delete information Asia Air Ambulance Inc. may have about you (subject to any applicable legal exceptions) or have questions about our privacy policy, please contact the Privacy Officer at the address set out below.
You may also write, fax or call us and address your concerns to the Privacy Officer.
Privacy Officer C/O Asia Air Ambulance
3062 Unit 11 Lakeshore Ave. W.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
M8V 4C9
416.203.9997 or 1.416.203.3433
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook