https://www.fcionline.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES
This website is owned and operated by Fertility Centers of Illinois (“FCI” or “we”, “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy applies to FCI’s website located at fcionline.com as well as all other websites owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by FCI (collectively, the “Websites”). This Privacy Policy also applies to all mobile applications offered under the FCI name that do not have a separate privacy policy or that link to this Privacy Policy (the “Apps”). Collectively, the Websites and Apps are referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “Services.”
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Services and the information provided by and obtained from users of the Services. FCI maintains a separate policy in connection with the Health Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) that can be viewed HERE.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
FCI collects two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information that you provide voluntarily when you access certain features of the Services as noted below in this Privacy Policy, and (2) generalized usage information that we collect automatically as you access the Services.
Information That You Provide Voluntarily on the Websites. FCI collects personally identifiable information that you enter into data fields on the Websites.  When you register for a service/event, or when you use certain services provided by the Site, such as asking a question, requesting an appointment, signing up to receive a newsletter, attending an event or inquiring about a clinical study, you may be asked for certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name and email address.
Other features of the Websites may ask for other personally identifiable information necessary for the proper functionality of such features. If you decline to provide certain information while using the Websites, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Websites. We may retain email and other communications that you send us in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve the Services. FCI also collects and stores personally identifiable information that you enter during chats and that you enter into pre-chat surveys.
Information That You Provide Voluntarily on the Apps. FCI collects personally identifiable information that you enter into data fields on the Apps. Other features of the Apps may ask for other personally identifiable information necessary for the proper functionality of such features. If you decline to provide certain information while using an App, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the App. FCI also collects and stores personally identifiable information that you enter during chats and that you enter into pre-chat surveys.
Usage Information That Is Automatically Collected on the Websites. When you access the Websites, FCI may collect certain generalized information without your actively providing such information. This information may include, for example, your browser type, your operating system, and your IP address. This information may be collected using various technologies including cookies, as explained below.
Usage Information That Is Automatically Collected on the Apps. When you access the Apps, FCI may collect certain generalized information without your actively providing such information. This information may include, for example, the type of mobile device you are using and your mobile operating system. When you access certain Apps, we may assign to you a unique analytics tracking identification number (ID).
FCI uses this ID to collect generalized information about your interaction with the Apps in order to improve your experience of the Apps. Certain Apps may also use location services to provide location-based features. If you enable location services on your device and grant permission for such Apps to access this feature, we may collect your location via GPS in order to provide you with such features.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
FCI uses the personally identifiable information that it collects to ensure the proper functionality of the Services across various devices, to process user inquiries and respond to user requests, to analyze usage trends, to improve the Services, and to develop new Services.
FCI employs a variety of online security measures to safeguard and keep your information private.
FCI processes personally identifiable information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Certain features on this Site request information about you which will be forwarded to a member of FCI to respond to your question or inquiry. If you fill out a contact form online you will be contacted by a representative of FCI. If you provided your telephone number online you may be contacted by a representative of FCI in order to provide you with the information you requested. A privacy notice pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) is made available at the time any prospective or actual patient first receives services from a member of FCI.
FCI does not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent, except for third-party suppliers that perform essential business or administrative services for us (for example, our web hosting provider). FCI provides these suppliers only with the information they need to perform such services and asks that they either comply with this Privacy Policy or maintain comparable privacy policies that protect your personally identifiable information.
Under confidentiality agreements, we may match user information with third party data. We also may disclose aggregate demographic and/or user information and statistics in order to describe our customer base to prospective partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
When you download and access the Apps, FCI may send you push notifications to alert you of important information. If you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may disable them at the mobile device level.
FCI takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of its website infrastructure and data, including hosting the site in a secure data facility and encrypting network and data transmissions, we make no guarantees or warranties concerning the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable information.
DO WE SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
No, as a general rule, we do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. However, we may from time to time rent or sell demographic information in the aggregate that does not contain your personally identifiable information.
COOKIES
FCI may place small data files, called “cookies,” on your computer or other device. Cookies are a standard web technology that allow us to both store and retrieve login information on a user’s system. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with a service provided on the Services. Cookies can store your preferences via a password you select to access a website. Cookies also help us review website traffic patterns and improve the Websites. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies, although this may prevent you from using some of the features of the Services. It is important to note that information collected through cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
In order to provide you with other valuable information, FCI may provide links to third-party websites, including social media sites, outside FCI. FCI exercises no authority over, and does not necessarily endorse, such third-party websites.
These destination links are provided only for your convenience and, as such, you access them at your own risk. However, FCI wishes to assure the integrity of the Services and their destination links, so any comments pertaining to the Services or any websites accessed through our links are greatly appreciated. Comments can be submitted by using the web form on the Contact Us portion of our website.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), FCI does not knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent. When we do receive information (with parental consent) from users under the age of 13, we will not share their personally identifiable information with third parties, regardless of their stated preference given at registration, in compliance with COPPA.
JURISDICTION
FCI does not provide services outside of the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, by submitting information to FCI you are consenting to our processing of your data in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW TO UPDATE INFORMATION AND OTHER INQUIRIES
You may edit your personally identifiable information or submit other inquiries at any time by using the contact form on the Contact Us portion of our website.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
FCI may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to check this page for any changes to the Privacy Policy and for new versions thereof. By continuing to access, browse, and/or use the Services, you agree to accept any posted revised terms.
Revised: July 2020© 2020-2021 Fertility Centers of Illinois. All rights reserved.
Share
Request An Appointment
877-324-4483
Request Online