http://www.cot.co.uk/website-terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Log into your account
Email *
Enter your email address.
Password *
Register with us
Forgot email or password
Trouble logging in? Have you activated your web account?
What are you looking for?
You are hereHomeWebsite terms and conditions
By using this website you agree that you have read and accept these terms and conditions and that they shall apply to your use. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions please do not use this website. Your use of this website and any downloads from it and the operation of these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the English Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute between us arising out of or in connection with your use of this website.
This website is operated by the British Association of Occupational Therapists (‘BAOT’) and the Royal College of Occupational Therapists (’RCOT’). The registered office of BAOT/RCOT is 106-114 Borough High Street, Southwark, London SE1 1LB. BAOT is a company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales (392350) and a registered trade union. RCOT is a registered charity in England and Wales (275119) and in Scotland (SCO39573) and a company registered in England (1347374). VAT Reg. No. 242 7829 47.
Information and tools available on this website
We take care to ensure that any materials and information on this site are accurate, relevant and up to date. This site is intended primarily to provide support, services and online communities to members of BAOT and other health and social care professionals. BAOT/RCOT is committed to providing information to the public about occupational therapy but the content on this website is not intended for, and should not be relied upon as a substitute for, specific advice or clinical assessment and professional judgement in individual cases. You should not rely solely on the material or information on this website as a basis for making any business, legal or other decisions. You should seek appropriate independent advice before making any such decisions.
General disclaimers
Any third party services, promotions or products which you use or acquire through any links, services or advertisements contained on this site will be used or obtained by you subject to such terms and conditions as are imposed on or agreed between you and the relevant third party provider of such service, promotion or products. BAOT/RCOT excludes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law all liability for any loss or damage incurred by you as a result of your dealings or communications with any such third party. We are not responsible for the content on other websites.
BAOT/RCOT does not warrant or represent and excludes all warranties or representations that the material and information, including advertising material, on this website, or websites to which this website is linked, is accurate, true or complete or that it is free of viruses or that it does not contain any material which is defamatory, obscene or illegal in any way.
In no circumstances will BAOT/RCOT be liable to you or any other third parties for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect, including loss of profits, loss of opportunity or any consequential loss) resulting from or in any way connected with your use of this website or its content, whether caused by negligence, misrepresentation, breach of any statutory duty, or breach of contract or otherwise. BAOT/RCOT does not limit or exclude its liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence.
Liability
You use the services provided on this site at your own risk and for the benefit of BAOT/RCOT its employees, agents and contractors and all contributors, editors and authors of the contents of the site. We exclude to the fullest extent permitted in law all liability including any liability in negligence arising from the use of this website or any reliance on its contents and tools. This exclusion does not extend to liability for personal injury or death caused by negligence.
All implied warranties and conditions are excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law including (without limitation) any implied term as to the provision of any services to a reasonable standard of care or in respect of any non- infringement of any intellectual property rights.
Copying and printing
All intellectual property rights in the design and layout of this website and the material and information published on it, including, but not limited to, copyright and rights in registered and unregistered trademarks, are owned by or licensed to BAOT/RCOT.
The contents of this website and downloads including information, design, text and graphics are the property of BAOT/RCOT or its licensors. You are welcome to download and store information for the purposes of viewing and you may also print copies for your own personal use or use by other healthcare professionals in your organisation provided that you maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices. You must NOT permanently store or otherwise copy contents for wider distribution or for commercial gain and nor must you plagiarise or create any derivative works from materials on this site unless expressly authorised by BAOT/RCOT.
You shall comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of the contents of this site and to prevent any unauthorised access or copying of its contents.
External links
You can link to this website without prior written permission from BAOT/RCOT but BAOT/RCOT reserves the right to adjudicate if the use is appropriate. If you link to our website please email us so we can review the link and arrange reciprocal links when appropriate. We reserve right to refuse links to our site. Please e-mail web.team@rcot.co.uk regarding links.
Access to online services
Members of BAOT (and others who register with BAOT/RCOT for online services) will be issued with such passwords and other identifiers as we deem appropriate and which we may alter from time to time on reasonable notice. Any password is issued to the applicant only and is not transferable and must be kept confidential. You will indemnify us against any unauthorised use of a password by any third party. You must not permit any unauthorised third party to use the services provided on this site on your behalf.
BAOT/RCOT accepts no liability whatsoever for any inability you experience in accessing this website or any service due to failure or incompatibility of any kind between the equipment and/or software you use to access the site or service or poor or disrupted telephone and/or internet connections or electricity supply, or disruption to any communication facilities (including any internal or external network services) or for any interruption or break in any service or access to any service caused by any technical failure of your computer equipment or software or of the computers or computer network on which the relevant service is stored.
Privacy and Data Protection Policy - How will we use your information?
All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy. We will primarily use your personal information to provide our services to you and, for example:
to administer and process your membership
to provide services online
for record keeping purposes
to carry out market research so that we can improve the services we offer
to provide information relevant to the profession, about events and conferences
to track activity on our website
to provide you with details about the development of our services, including information about BAOT/RCOT
to send you bulletins which we believe might be of interest to you
We may share your information with our selected service and product providers whom we think may provide information, services or products of interest to you, for example information relating to conferences or book publications. We also share your information with Unison in order to provide you with industrial relations support.
We will not otherwise pass information we hold about you to any company or organisation outside the BAOT/RCOT unless we have your consent to do so.
If you do not want us to use the information in this way then please contact us at membership@rcot.co.uk However this may reduce the member services we can provide to you.
Updating and correcting personal information
You can correct your personal information by emailing us at membership@rcot.co.uk. Please include your name, address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person. We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes.
Your rights to access your personal information
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you.
How to contact the Membership administration department
Telephone 020 3141 4648
membership@rcot.co.uk
How to contact the Web department
Telephone 020 3141 4621
web.team@rcot.co.uk
Security
Any information which you provide to us may be stored or processed outside of the country where you entered the information. We will take steps to ensure the security of your data in accordance with these conditions of use but no transmissions over the Internet can be considered to be completely secure and we therefore give no warranty as to the security of your data which is supplies at your own risk.
User generated content
BAOT/RCOT encourages use of the website as a professional networking resource and expects all users to abide by these terms and conditions and to communicate online with appropriate discretion and courtesy. BAOT/RCOT is not responsible for any user generated content including user comments, the content of discussion forums ("the forums") and messages on other social media sites where we have a presence. In particular, without limitation, BAOT/RCOT has no responsibility for any advice or information posted by any user or for any reliance placed on that advice or information. You shall not upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on this site any materials which:
libels, defames, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive or threatening
infringes the intellectual property rights of any other person including (without limitation) infringing any person's copyright or trademark
is illegal
advocates illegal activity
advertises or solicits funds or is a solicitation for or offer to supply goods or services unless approved by us (together "Non-Approved Items")
BAOT/RCOT reserves the right to exclude from using this site any person whom we consider to be in breach of any of these terms and conditions.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us for any and all claims, damages, losses and causes of action arising out of your transmittal of any non-approved Items or your failure to comply with any of these terms and conditions.
Contacts
If you have any query or comment on any of these terms or conditions or the operation of the website then please contact web.team@rcot.co.uk.
Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to these terms and conditions without notice to you. You should therefore read them from time to time and note any amendments. The contents of this website and downloads including design, text and graphics are the property of and © RCOT or its licensors. ALL RIGHTS ARE RESERVED and all moral rights are asserted and reserved.