http://www.adalat.com/en/patient/privacy.php
Adalat - Privacy Statement
Contact
Sitemap
Bayer AG
High Blood PressureDiagnosisInsightsConsequencesTreatment My LifeMy role in a healthier lifeManaging stressBalanced dietHealthy lifestylePhysical activitySelf-monitoring of blood pressureChecklists
HCP Area
Menu
Search
Sitemap
HCP Area
Privacy Statement
This website (hereinafter the “Website“) is provided by Bayer AG (hereinafter “us” or “we”). For further information regarding the provider of the Website, please refer to our imprint.
Handling of personal data
In the following we wish to provide you with information on how we handle your personal data when you use our Website. Unless otherwise indicated in the following chapters, the legal basis for the handling of your personal data results from the fact that such handling is required to make available the functionalities of the Website requested by you (Art. 6(1)(b) General Data Protection Regulation).
Using our Website
Accessing our Website
When you call up our Website, your browser will transfer certain data to our web server. This is done for technical reasons and required to make available to you the requested information. To facilitate your access to the Website, the following data are collected, briefly stored and used:
IP address
date and time of access
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of request (specific site)
Status of access/HTTP status code
Transferred volume of data
Website requesting access
Browser, language settings, version of browser software operating system and surface
Moreover, to protect our legitimate interests, we will store such data for a limited period of time in order to be able to initiate a tracking of personal data in the event of actual or attempted unauthorized access to our servers (Art. 6(1)(f) General Data Protection Regulation).
Setting of cookies
What are cookies?
This Website uses so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the memory of your terminal via your browser. They store certain information (e.g. your preferred language or site settings) which your browser may (depending on the lifespan of the cookie) retransmit to us upon your next visit to our Website.
What cookies do we use?
We differentiate between two categories of cookies: (1) functional cookies, without which the functionality of our Website would be reduced, and (2) optional cookies used for website analysis and marketing purposes. The following tables contain a detailed description of the cookies we use:
Optional Cookies
Cookie(s)
Purpose and content
Consent
Google Analytics & Doubleclick
Web analysis:
These Cookies enable us to analyse your use of this website by assigning a unique and randomly generated ID to your device that lets us recognize your device upon your next visit.
Online behavioral advertising
These cookies assign a randomly generated ID to your device, enabling us and our partners to recognize your device upon your next access. For details on behavioral advertising please see the respective chapter below.
Lifespan: 6 months
Provider: Google Inc.
Subject to your consent?
We only use optional cookies if we have obtained your prior consent. Upon your first access to our Website, a banner will appear, asking you to give us your consent to the setting of optional cookies. If your consent is given, we will place a cookie on your computer and the banner will not appear again as long as the cookie is active. After expiration of the cookie’s lifespan, or if you actively delete the cookie, the banner will reappear upon your next visit to our Website and again ask for your consent.
How to prevent the setting of cookies?
Of course you may use our Website without any cookies being set. In your browser, you can at any time configure or completely deactivate the use of cookies. This may, however, lead to a restriction of the functions or have adverse effects on the user-friendliness of our Website. You may at any time object to the setting of optional cookies by using the respective objection option indicated in the table above.
Website Analysis
On our Website we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
Google will analyze your use of our Website on our behalf. To this purpose we use the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. The respective results will then be made available to us in anonymized form. Your usage data will not be connected to your full IP address during this process. We have activated on our Website the IP anonymizing function offered by Google, which will delete the last 8 bits (type IPv4) or the last 80 bits (type IPv6) of your IP address. Moreover, Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of data by Google in the US.
You may revoke your consent to the use of web analysis at any time, either by downloading and installing the provided Google Browser Plugin or by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed. Both options will prevent the application of web analysis only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out Cookie.
Further information on Google Analytics is available in the Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Privacy and Data Protection Guidelines of Google Analytics and in the Google Privacy Policy.
Online behavioral advertising
This Website uses DoubleClick, a so-called targeted advertising service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
Google will analyze your use of this Website. To this purpose we use the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. Our partner Google will use this information to better tailor advertisements to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you are shown the same advertisement, to evaluate the efficiency of promotional campaigns, and to better comprehend the behavior of visitors after they have looked at a certain ad. When you visit another website of the so-called “Google Display Network”, customized pop-ups tailored to your interests can be presented to you on the basis of the information collected on our Website.
You may withdraw your consent to this type of analysis of your use of this Website at any time either by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed, or by downloading and installing the Google Browser Plugin offered by Google. Both options will prevent the use of web analysis only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out Cookie. Further information on Google DoubleClick is available on the Google Data Protection Guidelines for Advertising.
Information on side effects and quality complaints
This Website is not intended or designed for communications regarding side effects, lack of therapeutic effect, medication errors, grey market products/counterfeit medicine, incorrect or off-label use, quality complaints
and/or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products. If you wish to report side effects or make a quality complaint, please contact your health care professional (e.g. physician or pharmacist), your local health authority, or use our Website for the report of undesirable side effects.
If you nevertheless report to us undesirable side effects or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products, we will be legally bound to deal with your communication and may have to contact you for clarification purposes. Subsequently, we may have to notify the competent health authorities of the issues reported by you. In this context, your information will be forwarded in pseudonymized form, i.e. no information by which you may be directly identified will be passed on. We may also have to forward these pseudonymized notifications to our group companies and cooperation partners, to the extent these are likewise obliged to notify their respectively competent health authorities.
Transfer of data for commissioned processing
For the processing of your data we will to some extent use specialized service contractors. Such service contractors are carefully selected and regularly monitored by us. Based on respective data processor agreements, they will only process personal data upon our instruction and strictly in accordance with our directives.
Processing of data outside the EU / the EEA
Your data will in part also be processed in countries outside the European Union (“EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which may have a lower data protection level than European countries. In such cases, we will ensure that a sufficient level of protection is provided for your data, e.g. by concluding specific agreements with our contractual partners (copy available on request), or we will ask for your explicit consent to such processing.
Information regarding your rights
The following rights are in general available to you according to applicable data privacy laws:
Right of information about your personal data stored by us;
Right to request the correction, deletion or restricted processing
of your personal data;
Right to object to a processing for reasons of our own legitimate
interest, public interest, or profiling , unless we are able to
proof that compelling, warranted reasons superseding your interests,
rights and freedom exist, or that such processing is done for
purposes of the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Right to data portability;
Right to file a complaint with a data protection authority;
You may at any time with future effect revoke your consent to the collection, processing and use of your personal data. For further information please refer to the chapters above describing the processing of data based on your consent.
If you wish to exercise your rights, please address your request to the contact indicated below. (-> Contact).
Contact
For any questions you may have with respect to data privacy, please use the provided contact form or contact our company data protection officer at the following address:
Group Data Protection OfficerBayer AG51368 Leverkusen
Amendment of Privacy Statement
We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time. Updates of our Privacy Statement will be published on our Website. Any amendments become effective upon publication on our Website. We therefore recommend that you regularly visit the site to keep yourself informed on possible updates.
Last updated: 17.05.2018
This website is intended to provide information to an international audience outside the USA and the UK.
Last updated: 02.05.2019
PP-ADA-ALL-0002-1
2019 Bayer AG.
Privacy Statement
Imprint
General Conditions of Use
Menu Adalat
Home Patient
High Blood Pressure
Diagnosis
Insights
Consequences
Treatment
My Life
My role in a healthier life
Managing stress
Balanced diet
Healthy lifestyle
Physical activity
Self-monitoring of blood pressure
Checklists
Contact
Sitemap
Bayer AG