https://www.goddardvetgroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Homepage »
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is taken very seriously by us, and we are dedicated to handling your information in a secure and responsible manner.
This policy sets down the various areas where user privacy is involved and outlines the obligations and requirements for website users and owners. The policy also covers how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.  By using the Goddard Veterinary Group website and the services provided in our branches and surgeries you are agreeing to be bound by this policy.
GVG take a proactive strategy on user privacy and provide appropriate measures to safeguard the privacy of users for the duration of their visit. The website complies with UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
About Cookies
Communication
External Links
Adverts and Sponsored Links
Social Media
Shortened Links
Changes to our Privacy Policy
How to Contact us.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register as a client and book appointments. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, participate in competitions, submit job/training applications, email us, request referral and use our Live-Chat platform.  Website information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you in order to process your purchases and manage your account. We may send reminders by email in order to provide a more appropriate and better quality of service to you. We may from time to time email you with information on services that may be of interest to you.  We may also monitor or record telephone calls to ensure our quality standards are maintained and for fraud prevention purposes.
We use your information collected from the website to personalize your repeat visits.  We may pass your information to other Group companies, but will not share your information for marketing purposes with any companies outside the GVG Group.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to supply further information about the products/services they offer or to help in answering any queries you might have. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter the website uses but only if this was made clear to you and your permission was granted when submitting any form. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased or enquired about purchasing a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is not a complete description of your rights in regard to receiving email marketing communications. Your details will never be passed on to any third party.
Occasionally it may be necessary for Goddard Veterinary Group to share your pet’s clinical records with certain specific third parties such as when you have requested the completion of an insurance form as part of a completing a claim for treatment for your pet, or when your pet has been  referred to another veterinary practice for treatment. We also share anonymous and aggregated data relating to the pets in our care with VetCompass, which is run by the Royal Veterinary College. VetCompass is a not for profit research project aimed at gathering information to improve the veterinary profession’s knowledge and understanding of disease for the benefit of pets in the future. If you do not wish your pet’s data to be shared in this way, please contact your local Goddard Veterinary Group practice.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you.  If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the GVG Group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes please click here
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.  If you would like a copy of the information we hold about you please email or write to us at the following address:
Data Protection Officer, Goddard Veterinary Group, Manor Road, London IG8 8BX.
We may make a small administration charge for this service.
We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.  You may ask us to correct or remove information you think as inaccurate.
About Cookies
Cookies are small files saved to the hard drive of the user’s device, which track, save and store information regarding the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This enables the website, through its server, to produce a more tailored experience for site users.
This website incorporates a cookie plugin advising the user on his or her first visit to the website about the use of cookies. “Assumed consent” is used – if the user is unhappy about the use of cookies they can simply leave the website.
Users can also take necessary steps by adjusting the security settings of their web browsers to prevent the use of cookies from the website and its external serving vendors.
Tracking software is used to monitor website visitors to improve our understanding of how they make use of the website. This software is Google Analytics and HOTJAR, which make use of cookies to track visitor actions. Google Analytics will save a cookie to your device hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website. It will not gather or store personal information. Read Google’s privacy policy for further information.
Other cookies may be stored to your device hard drive by external vendors should this website use sponsored links, referral services or adverts. These cookies track visitor conversion and referral and tend to expire after 30 days, although some may take longer to expire. None of the user’s personal information shall be gathered or stored.
Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such details requested at their own risk. Personal information will be private and stored securely until it is no longer needed; details can be found in the Data Protection Act 1998. This website endeavors to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission procedure but visitors using these forms do so at their own risk.
External Links
Even though this website seeks to provide quality, safe and relevant external links, users ought to apply a policy of caution before following any external web links from this website. Such links are followed at the user’s own risk.
The website owners can neither guarantee nor verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their very best efforts. The website owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications as a result of visiting any external links mentioned.
We encourage you to be cautious and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects your information.
This privacy statement only applies to information collected on this website.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may include sponsored links and adverts. These sponsors and advertisers may have privacy policies regarding the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral programme, which may use cookies and will track the quantity of referrals sent from this website. This may feature the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your device hard drive. Sponsored external links are followed at your own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications as a result of any external links mentioned.
Social Media
Interactions made through external social media services that this website and its owners participate with are subject to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media service.
Users are encouraged to use social media platforms sensibly and with due care and attention in respect of their own privacy and personal details. We will never ask for sensitive information through social media services and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to get in contact through primary communication channels like telephone and email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media services in question. Users are strongly advised prior to using these buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media service may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media account.
Shortened Links
Users should use good judgement before clicking any shortened web addresses (URLs). This website will try to ensure only safe and relevant URLs are posted. However, social media platforms can be prone to spam and hacking; for this reason, this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications as a result of following any shortened links.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage.  This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018.
How to Contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email to privacy@goddardvetgroup.co.uk
Or by writing to us at: Privacy Team, Goddard Veterinary Group, Claygate House, Manor Road, Woodford IG8 8BX
This privacy policy is for www.goddardvetgroup.co.uk and governs the privacy of its users.  Goddard Veterinary Group (GVG) is based in the UK and provides veterinary care for small animals.  For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Goddard Veterinary Group of Claygate House, Manor Road, Woodford, London IG8 8BX.
Practice Finder
Locate me or View map
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By using our website you agree to this.
Find out more.Ok, thanks