https://www.universitytutor.com/about/privacy_policy
UNIVERSITYTUTOR.COM
Privacy Policy/Your Privacy Rights
Effective: July 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy outlines the nature of how UniversityTutor.com and its owner Johnson Educational Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“UniversityTutor.com”), stores and publishes information collected from visitors (each, a “Visitor”) of its https://www.universitytutor.com website and any derivative or affiliated websites on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Website”). This Privacy Policy is a supplement to the UniversityTutor.com Terms of Use (the “Agreement”), including any other supplemental terms, guidelines and/or policies. UniversityTutor.com reserves the right, at its discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes to this page.
You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes, and you hereby agree to periodically review this Privacy Policy for such changes. The continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes an acceptance of those changes.
Privacy
UniversityTutor.com believes that every Visitor should know how it utilizes the information collected from Visitors. The Website is not directed at anyone under 18 years of age, and UniversityTutor.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years of age online. Please note that the Website may contain links to other websites. These linked sites may not be operated or controlled by UniversityTutor.com. UniversityTutor.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other websites, and you access these websites entirely at your own risk. UniversityTutor.com recommends that you review the privacy practices of any other websites that you choose to visit, if they are available.
UniversityTutor.com is based, and this website is hosted, in the United States of America. If a Visitor is from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and Visitor is registering an account on the Website, visiting the Website, purchasing products or services from UniversityTutor.com or the Website, or otherwise using the Website, please note that any personally identifiable information that Visitor provides to UniversityTutor.com will be transferred to the United States. Any such personally identifiable information provided will be processed and stored in the United States by UniversityTutor.com or a service provider acting on its behalf. By providing your personally identifiable information, Visitor hereby specifically and expressly consents to such transfer and processing and the uses and disclosures set forth herein.
The Information UniversityTutor.com Collects
UniversityTutor.com may collect personally identifiable information from Visitors in a variety of ways. Personally identifiable information may include, without limitation, (i) contact data (such as a Visitor’s name, mailing and email addresses);(ii) demographic data (such as a Visitor’s zip code, address, location, schools attended, or school interests); (iii) internet and network data (such as a Visitor’s browser type, language time, referring site, subsequent site, and date/time of each Visitor’s request); (iv) Visitor’s information: a Visitor communicates with UniversityTutor.com by email or otherwise, posts any comments or any other content on or to the Website, posts messages to any forums, completes online forms, surveys or entries, provides articles, reviews, or blog posts, or otherwise interacts with or uses the features on the Website, any information provided in such communications may be collected by UniversityTutor.com); (v) analytics information (via third-party services that may use web logs, web beacons, cookies, or other tracking technologies, as well as information about how Visitors use the Website, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Website, or the domains and IP addresses from which Visitors originate). While not all of the information that UniversityTutor.com collects from Visitors is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Visitors provide UniversityTutor.com through the Website or otherwise.
UniversityTutor.com may use “cookies” or “web beacons” to track how Visitors use the Website. A cookie is a software component that can be stored on Visitors’ computing device and used to recognize Visitors if they visit the Website again. Visitors may adjust their web browser software if they do not wish to accept cookies. UniversityTutor.com does not currently recognize “do not track” signals. UniversityTutor.com may use third party advertising networks to serve advertisements on the Website. The cookies received with banner advertisements served by these networks are used to collect and build anonymous behavioral profiles by these companies to deliver targeted advertisements and tracking referrals, and UniversityTutor.com generally does not have access to this information. We may implement Google Analytics features that use Display Advertising information for Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, by going to the Google Analytics opt-out page. We, along with third-party vendors (including Google), use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookies) to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website. You can read more about the cookies used by Google Analytics advertising features, by going to the Google Analytics Privacy Policy page.
How UniversityTutor.com Uses Information
UniversityTutor.com may use personally identifiable information collected through the Website for the specific purposes for which the information was collected, to contact Visitors regarding products and services offered by UniversityTutor.com, its parent, subsidiary and other related companies and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Visitors’ experience with UniversityTutor.com and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and for such other purposes as deemed reasonably necessary or desirable to Visitors generally. UniversityTutor.com may also use information collected through the Website for research regarding the effectiveness of the Website and the business planning, marketing, and advertising for UniversityTutor.com, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Disclosure of Information
UniversityTutor.com may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Visitors (including within the past twelve (12) months: (i) to any service providers, contractors, or third-party vendors for performance of the Site and/or the services; (ii) to its parent, subsidiary and other related companies, trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above, (iii) as necessary to provide the services offered by UniversityTutor.com and to provide the Website itself, (iv) for the specific purposes for which the information was collected; (v) at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, to establish, protect or exercise UniversityTutor.com’s legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law, or in order to protect the rights, property or safety of a Visitor or any other person; (vi) to investigate or prevent a violation by Visitor of any contractual or other relationship with UniversityTutor.com or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity; (vii) in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger, consolidation or other reorganization of its business. UniversityTutor.com may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Visitors to investors and potential partners.
Personal Information Provided as Part of Visitor Submission(s)
If a Visitor includes such Visitor’s personally identifiable information as part of the Visitor submission that such Visitor posts to the Website, such information may be made available to any parties using the Website and/or such Visitor submission. UniversityTutor.com does not edit or otherwise remove such information from Visitor submission before it is posted on the Website. If a Visitor does not wish to have such Visitor’s personally identifiable information made available in this manner, such Visitor must remove any such information from the Visitor submission before posting. Visitor contact information (which may include, without limitation, a Visitor’s username and email address) may be included with any Visitor submission that a Visitor posts via the Website. UniversityTutor.com is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to personally identifiable information made available in the foregoing manners.
Security of Information
Information about Visitors that is maintained on UniversityTutor.com’s systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and UniversityTutor.com cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure. UniversityTutor.com is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures relating to the Website by any Visitors or third parties. We store the information collected as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you are a User of the Site and/or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the information was collected, to provide services through the Site, to resolve disputes, to pursue legitimate business purposes, to enforce our agreements, to establish legal defenses, to prevent fraud, and to comply with applicable laws.
Correcting, Updating, Accessing or Removing Personal Information
If a Visitor’s personally identifiable information changes, or if a Visitor no longer desires to receive non-account specific information from UniversityTutor.com, UniversityTutor.com will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update and/or remove that Visitor’s previously-provided personal data. This can be done by completing a request form here. Additionally, you may request access to the personally identifiable information as collected by UniversityTutor.com by sending a request to UniversityTutor.com as set forth above. Please note that in certain circumstances, UniversityTutor.com may not be able to completely remove a Visitor’s information from its systems. For example, UniversityTutor.com may retain a Visitor’s personal information for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law or as retained in UniversityTutor.com’s data backup systems or cached or archived pages. All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which the Visitor has previously agreed. For state-specific information or related rights, please see the state-specific sections below.
Your California Privacy Rights
Subject to certain limitations, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California consumers the right to: request disclosure about what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell; request to delete their personal information; opt out of any “sale” of personal information; and not be discriminated against for exercising such rights. California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by completing a request form here. We will verify your request using information provided in the request, as compared against the information associated with your account, including verification of the email address that was listed in the request form. We may need to request additional information in order to verify your identity. Depending on the type of request you make, we may require a signed declaration stated that you are the individual about whom personal information is being requested. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, then we may require that the authorized agent provide proof of your written permission, and that you verify your identity directly with us. We are committed to ensuring that this Privacy Policy is accessible to individuals with disabilities. If you wish to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us as described above. We have explained the privacy practices in full in the foregoing sections of this Privacy Policy. Further, we do not consider the ways we share or disclose your information to comprise the sale of your information.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada Revised Statute Section 603A permits a user that resides in Nevada the right to submit a verified request that UniversityTutor.com not sell such user’s covered information. UniversityTutor.com does not sell any covered information as defined under Nevada Revised Statute Section 603A. However, if you are a Nevada resident, then you may still submit a verified request by completing the form here. We will verify your request using information associated with your account, including email address, and may need to request additional information.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, then we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of the Site after any such change signifies your acceptance of any changes.
Contacting UniversityTutor.com
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact UniversityTutor.com at the following address:
UniversityTutor.com Johnson Educational Technologies LLC 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101 Dover, DE 19904 privacy@universitytutor.com Information request form: here
Back to Home
©2020 universitytutor.com
Legal Privacy Sitemap Scholarship