http://www.workingnurse.com/privacy/
MY WORKING NURSE
FIND A JOB
NURSING ARTICLES
Men in NursingMy SpecialtyFeaturesIn-depth articles on the wonderful world of nursing.CNO RoundtableOn The QuickNursing Book ClubBooks about nursing and healthcare that we recommend to inspire and educate.Profiles in NursingHistoric and contemporary nurses who have advanced our profession.ObservationsHealthy WorkforceRN Career Fairs
Search
Search Nursing Articles
Find a More
Inspiring
Job
Select a specialty
Select a location
Los Angeles County
Orange County
Ventura County
Inland Empire
Other California Locations
Other States
Search Jobs
View all listings
Join the
Conversation!
Get article & job updates.
Network with nurses & recruiters.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Hiring RNs in CaliforniaKeck Medicine of USCAltaMedRedlands Community HospitalWest Coast UniversityOptum HealthCasa Colina Centers for RehabilitationMethodist Hospital of Southern CaliforniaHenry Mayo Newhall HospitalUCLA HealthMartin Luther King Community HospitalPIH Health Good Samaritan, Downey, WhittierChildrens Hospital of Orange County (CHOC)
Privacy Policy This is the website of Working Nurse, a career opportunities magazine for Registered Nurses. Our postal address is: 137 N. Larchmont Blvd., Suite 474Los Angeles, CA 90004 We can be reached via email at help@WorkingNurse.com or by telephone at (213) 268-3261.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible). We collect the domain name and email address (where possible) of visitors to our website, the email addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, the email addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit,  and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and used to notify consumers about updates to our website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, and store login information for subsequent visits. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending an email to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to ad servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. The banners we have on our site are collected and sold by us. Advertisers will not send you any information unless specifically requested by you.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, a description of information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by logging into the site and viewing user profile information.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
CareerRX Newsletter
Sign Up
Thank You!
The latest nursing career advice and opportunities delivered to your inbox monthly.
©2020 Working Nurse. All rights reserved.
About Us
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us