https://www.firststructuredsettlement.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We are committed to providing competitive reviews and information in the structured settlement and annuity markets. Under Federal law, this privacy notice is posted. It describes the privacy policy and practices concerning the personal information which is collected and disclosed. It also includes information about the parties who receive personal and sometimes nonpublic information from us as we conduct the business of this website found at FirstStructuredSettlement.com.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT YOU Non-public personal information is collected about you through the use of cookies set on your personal computer or hand-held device. We may disclose all of the information we collect as permitted by law to a third-party vendor.
PARTIES WHO RECEIVE INFORMATION FROM US We may disclose non-public personal information about you to the following types of third parties:
Financial service providers, such as insurance companies and brokers
Non-financial companies, such as consumer reporting agencies, data processors, check/share draft printers, financial statement publishers/printers, plastic card processors, government agencies and mail houses.
HOW TO OPT-OUT OR STOP CERTAIN DISCLOSURES ABOUT YOU If you prefer that we do not disclose non-public personal information about you to nonaffiliated third parties, you may opt-out of these disclosures. You may direct us not to make those disclosures (other than disclosures permitted by law).  If you wish to opt-out of the disclosures to non-affiliated third parties, please contact us. You may opt-out of these disclosures at any time.  This opt-out, by law, will not apply to disclosures that are legally permitted, disclosures to other financial institutions that have joint marketing agreements with us, disclosures we make to companies that perform services on our behalf, or companies that process or service transactions you request or authorize. Once we receive your request, we have a reasonable amount of time to stop the disclosures.  You may always contact us for assistance if you wish to later revoke your opt-out decision. Disclosure Of Information About Former Customers If you terminate your relationship with us we will not share information we have collected about you, except as may be permitted or required by law. How We Protect Your Information We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic, or procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information. What Members Can Do To Help We are committed to protecting the privacy of its site visitors. You can help by following these simple guidelines:
Always protect your account numbers, plastic card numbers, personal identification numbers (PINs) or passwords.
Use caution when disclosing any account numbers, social security numbers, etc. to other persons. If someone calls you, explaining the call is on behalf of the First Structured Settlement and asks for your account number, you should beware. Official staff will never ask for that kind of information.
Keep your information with your financial service providers current. If your address or phone number changes, let them know.
Let us know if you have any questions, and please do not hesitate to contact us.
Links to other services and/or web sites are provided for information purposes only. FirstStructuredSettlement.com is not responsible or liable for the content or availability of these sites.