http://www.cardioga.com/privacy-policy.php
Online Instructor Certification Program
Log In
Privacy Policy
The Savvier Family operates a number of websites that allow you to buy
products, fill out surveys, and receive newsletters, e-mails or other
promotional information from us.
The Savvier Family respects the privacy of visitors to our website.
This online privacy policy explains the use and collection of
information from you by the Savvier Family ("we" or "us") through your
use of our websites. This privacy policy applies to any information you
may provide to us through other means (for example, over the telephone
or by mail). By visiting any of our websites, you agree that your visit,
and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this
privacy policy. As we continue to develop our websites and take
advantage of technologies to improve the services we offer, this policy
will likely change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy
on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy
policy.
The Savvier Family includes Savvier, LP, Savvier, Inc., and our
websites.
TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
Personal Information. When you are ready to make a purchase on our
websites, we will ask you to provide us with certain personal
information, including your name, address, telephone number, email, and
your billing information (such as your credit card number and expiration
date). We may also ask you to provide additional information such as
unique identifiers, i.e. your date of birth, and registration
information (login name and password). We will use the information you
provide us to process your transaction and to contact you regarding your
purchase, if necessary. We will also share this personal information
with our vendors to the extent necessary to facilitate your purchase
(such as customer service, verification, fulfillment and billing
purposes). In some cases, it is an agent or affiliate of ours that
collects the personal information and/or other information on our
behalf. Third party providers featured on or linked to by our websites,
such as vendors of products and services offered through our websites,
may be gathering the same kinds of information through our
websites.
We also collect this personal information from visitors who voluntarily
submit a feedback/inquiry form, send electronic mail to us, register for
events, subscribe to newsletters, purchase products through the
websites, or otherwise voluntarily submit such information to us through
the websites. We save the personal information collected through our
websites in our contact database and we may combine it with pre-existing
personal information already in the database.
Cookies. We also collect information on usage patterns and preferences
as visitors navigate our websites. To help make our sites more
responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature of
browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique,
random number that resides on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually
identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access
our sites. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through a purchase,
for example), we will not know who you are, even if we assign a cookie
to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is
information you supply. A cookie cannot read unrelated data from your
hard drive. If you are shopping on our sites, we may use cookies to help
us keep track of your shopping cart. In addition, we may use cookies to
track the pages on our site visited by our users. We can build a better
site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. Of
course, you can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do,
you may not be able to take advantage of some features enjoyed by other
visitors to our sites.
IP Addresses. Our web servers automatically collect limited information
about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP
address, when you visit our sites. (Your IP address is a number that
allows computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data --
such as the web pages you view). We use this information to deliver our
web pages to you upon request, to tailor our sites to the interests of
our visitors, and to measure traffic within our sites. For example, if
you are shopping on our sites, we may use your IP address to help
identify you and your shopping cart. Your IP address does not identify
you personally to us. But we may use reverse IP address inquiry and
release information about our visitors as described in "Other
Disclosures" below.
Other Methods of Collecting Information. Our web pages may contain
electronic images (called "single-pixel GIFs" or "web beacons") that
allow us to count users who have visited particular pages or to access
certain cookies. We may use these tools and other technologies to
recognize which pages users visit, and which links they click. These
features are also included in our promotional emails and newsletters so
that we can learn which messages have been opened and acted upon. We may
also be able to verify your online purchases from us or from third party
sites that have agreed to share such information with us.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Vendors. To make our sites more valuable to our visitors, we offer some
features in conjunction with other providers who may or may not remain
unknown to you. Our email newsletters and order processing, for example,
are made available through arrangements with providers that specialize
in operating such services. We share with these third parties only such
information as is necessary to provide the products or services, which
may include your personal information.
Linked Web Sites. Of course, our sites include links to plenty of other
websites, and provide access to products and services offered by third
parties whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access
another website or purchase products or services or conduct other
transactions through our websites, use of any information you provide is
governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're
visiting or the provider of such products or services.
Statistical Information. Much of the information we collect is in the
form of aggregated statistics, such as the traffic that visits various
pages within our sites, and the habits and preferences of our audience.
Such aggregated information does not include any information that would
identify you personally. We may use such aggregated information and
disclose it to third parties as we choose.
Legal Disclosures. We may occasionally release information, including
personal information, about our visitors when release is appropriate to
comply with law, or to respond to potential government or legal
inquiries, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to
our sites, the public, or the Savvier Family, and its employees, agents,
partners and affiliates. As our business grows, we may buy or sell
various assets. In the unlikely event that a portion or all of the
Savvier Family, or one or more of our websites, is acquired by another
company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred
assets.
Other Disclosures. We may share your personal information with
carefully selected vendors, business partners and other organizations
that are not a part of the Savvier Family. These companies may use the
information we share to provide special opportunities and offers to you.
If you do not want us to share information you provide to us with
vendors, business partners and other organizations that are not part of
the Savvier Family, please
click here
.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
All information gathered on any of our websites, including your
personal information, is stored within a secure database operated by us
or by a contractor on our behalf. For secure commerce transactions, we
will transmit your personal and billing information using secure server
software (SSL) encryption, the industry standard today. Encryption
scrambles your credit card number and other personal information.
However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is
impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can
we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while
being transmitted to us over the Internet.
CHILDRENS PRIVACY
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending
any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses,
and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We
generally direct our products and services to individuals over the age
of 18.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
We provide you with a number of choices regarding our handling of your
personal information.
Communications from Savvier. We may send free newsletters and other
promotional information to select customers from time to time. If you do
not wish to receive our emails or promotional materials, please
click here
.
To opt-out of email, you may also click on the "Unsubscribe" link and
press send at the bottom of any Savvier Family email communication.
Information Shared With Third Parties. If you do not want us to share
your personal information with third parties for the third parties’
direct marketing purposes, please
click here
.
If you choose to opt out, Savvier will not disclose your personal
information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Once you have submitted your request through these links you should
assume that it has been successfully received and that your request is
being processed. Please allow us thirty (30) days from when we receive
the request to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may
already have been in process before you submitted your request.
For additional information about your privacy choices, please read
Your California Privacy
Rights
.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or any other privacy
issues, please
click here
.
Home
Satisfaction Guarantee and Terms and
Conditions
Copyright
2018-2020 Savvier Fitness, LLC. All rights
reserved.
Cardio Yoga ™ is
Savvier's trademark for its fitness exercise program, certification and
related products
Authorized use shall comply with terms of
the Instructor Agreement (viewable during certification purchase), and
all use of these marks by others shall inure to the benefit of Savvier
Fitness.
Reproduction in whole or in part without
written permission of copyright owner is prohibited.
Cardio Yoga - 1493 Poinsettia Ave, Ste 139,
Vista, CA 92081
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights