http://www.websurg.com/en/privacy-policy
menu
Login
Register
Online university
Monthly publications
Specialties & Technologies
State of the art
Webinar
Hall of Fame
Authors
Contributions
CME
Certifications
Winners
Events
About WebSurg
Contact us
WebSurg on Apple TV
Live
-d
-h
-m
Login
Register
We use cookies to offer you an optimal experience on our website. By browsing our website, you accept the use of cookies.
OK
More info
Privacy policy of WebSurg
Home
Current:
Privacy policy of WebSurg
This privacy policy determines how WebSurg uses and protects any information provided regarding registration prior to using the web site www.websurg.com.
WebSurg is committed to:
- ensuring that the privacy of our users is protected. All the information provided during registration on the web site will be kept confidential and will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
- providing all details about private data collection and allowing users to change or delete the information of their choice whenever they want.
Data collected
The data collected on WebSurg regarding our members are as follows:
- Name, surname
- Email address
- Date of birth
- Job title
- Demographic information
- Fields of interest
Use of such information
We are collecting and using such information in order to:
- offer a more useful, customized and relevant content according to the fields of interest of our users.
- improve the quality of our services and develop new ones.
- perform analytics and measurements to understand the behavior of our users and how our web site is used.
Security of data collected
We are committed to ensuring that your information is kept secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have enforced suitable physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information collected online.
Links to other web sites
Our web site may contain links to other web sites of interest, such as the ones of our partners. However, once you have used these links to leave our web site,
you should note that we do not have any control over other web sites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst
visiting such sites, if these sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the web site in question.
Control of your personal data
If you believe that any information stored in our database is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us via the contact form. We will promptly correct any inadequate information.
You also may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal data, even if they are not used for commercial or marketing purposes. You may contact us via the contact form
in order to explain your choice.