http://www.archildrens.org/terms-and-conditions
< Home
Terms and Conditions
Bookmark
Welcome to Arkansas Children’s website! We ask that you review these Terms and Conditions, which are intended to constitute a binding license agreement that conditions your use of this site. We have tried to avoid unnecessary legal verbiage and hope that you understand that we are simply trying to protect our rights in order to provide you with access to the free content available on this site. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement after you have read it, please leave the site. If you remain on this site, or return thereafter, you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
General Healthcare Information Only.
The material contained on this website is intended to be general healthcare information for self-educational purposes only and should not be considered complete or used in place of a visit, call, consultation or advice from a physician and/or healthcare provider. The use of information provided on this website does not create a doctor-patient or hospital-patient relationship with you. Should you have any questions about any of the information found on this site, please talk with your physician or healthcare provider.
As a condition of your use of this website, you warrant to Arkansas Children’s that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions.
Copyright and Trademark Notice.
All of the content, pages, organization, graphics, design compilation, downloadable materials, and other matters within this Website (collectively the “Site”) are the property of Arkansas Children’s, Inc. (“Arkansas Children’s”) and are protected under applicable trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights. No portion of the materials on this Site may be reprinted, republished, modified, or distributed in any form without the express written permission of Arkansas Children’s. This Site is for your own personal use or the internal use of your business. You shall keep intact any proprietary notices, including copyright notices, contained on any downloaded materials and shall comply with any applicable end user license agreements.
Any rights not expressly granted by these Terms and Conditions or any applicable end user license agreements are reserved by Arkansas Children’s.
Copyright Infringement.
If you believe that any content on this Site infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of another, you may send a notice to:
Arkansas Children’s
Attn: Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel
1 Children’s Way
Little Rock, AR 72202
To be effective, the notification must include: 1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; 2) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; 3) Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; 4) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be subject to infringing activity and that is to be removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the materials; 5) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, agent, or the law; and 6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringing.
Warranty Disclaimer.
THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN IT OR ANY SITE-RELATED SERVICE, IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITH ALL FAULTS, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND HYPERLINKED WEBSITES.
Limitation of Liability.
ARKANSAS CHILDREN’S, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS SPONSORS ARE NEITHER RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THE SITE, AND/OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND/OR HYPERLINKED WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND/OR THOSE SERVICES.
Although Arkansas Children’s attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of the website, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of the site. It is possible that the website could include inaccuracies or errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alterations could be made to the site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Arkansas Children’s so that it can be corrected. Information contained on the website may be changed or updated without notice.
Your Confidential and Proprietary Information.
Arkansas Children’s does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the site. Please note that any information or material sent to Arkansas Children’s through the site will be deemed NOT to be confidential.
Online Privacy Policy.
This policy explains the collection and use of your personal information when you visit and use Arkansas Children’s websites and online services.
Information We Collect. For all visitors to its websites, Arkansas Children’s collects general data pertaining to each site visitor, such as the visitor’s IP address, operating system, browser type and version number, and the web pages viewed. This information is aggregated with all other visitor information. Arkansas Children’s may share these de-identified aggregate statistics with other parties to provide general information about our services or arrange business relationships. We do not share any information about individual users.
You also may decide to volunteer personally identifying information to Arkansas Children's, for example, in an email message or by voluntarily disclosing information by completing an online form. Arkansas Children's may use personally identifying information from you to respond to your inquiries or for other internal business purposes. This information will not be sold or rented to third parties. Arkansas Children's will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information.
A visitor can access and browse our entire site at any time without providing any personal information. Arkansas Children’s does not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it. For more information about how your medical information is used, please visit our MyChart terms and conditions.
Cookies and Tags. A “cookie” is a type of identifier sent from a website to your computer system via your web browser to provide tailored features. Cookies assign a unique identification to your device and are typically stored on your device by your web browser. We may also use “pixel tags” on the site to track the effectiveness of our advertising. Information collected through cookies and pixel tags are used to enhance the usability of the site overall and on a per user basis. You can still use this site if you set your web browser to not accept cookies from our website.
Online Security. Portions of the site are available from a session encrypting webserver. Information viewed or submitted via this server is considered private by current industry practices. This technique is considered to be secure for sending or receiving information of a personal or medical nature. However, once the session has ended, remnants of the session may persist on the user’s computer and on the Arkansas Children’s web server. The session encrypting webserver only protects the information while in transit from webserver to user.
Children's Privacy. This site is intended for adults and young adults age 13 and over. It is not intended for or designed to attract persons under the age of 13. Arkansas Children’s does not permit registration by, nor do we collect personally identifiable information from, any person we actually know to be under the age of 13.
How to Contact Us. You can contact Arkansas Children’s by sending an e-mail to achinfo@archildrens.org or sending a letter to the mailing address listed below. Please include your contact information, name of the Arkansas Children’s Site or service, and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.
Arkansas Children’s
Attention: Strategic Marketing
1 Children’s Way
Little Rock, AR 72202
Changes to Policy. Arkansas Children’s reserves the right to change its practices concerning information gathered from visitors to its Site. If such changes occur, this Privacy Policy will be updated. Visitors should check back periodically to confirm the then-current terms of this Policy. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links from our site as a convenience to our visitors. Arkansas Children’s has no control over the content posted at these sites and makes no representations about any content or material available at these locations. Links are not intended to imply sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement.
Choice of Law and Venue
These Terms and Conditions are entered into in the State of Arkansas and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arkansas, exclusive of its choice of law rules. Each party to these Terms and Conditions submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the County of Pulaski in the State of Arkansas, and waives any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. In the event that any of the Terms and Conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, those provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms and Conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between Arkansas Children’s and you pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement. In its sole discretion, Arkansas Children’s may modify these Terms and Conditions by posting the revised version on this site and you agree that each visit by you to this site is a new transaction governed by the terms of use linked on this Site at that time.