https://www.helpyourteens.com/security-privacy/
Home
About Us
About P.U.R.E.™
A Parent’s Story
The Adopted Child
RAD
FAQs
Meet Us
Career Thoughts
Security & Privacy
Services
Short Term Programs
Wilderness Programs
Therapeutic Boarding School (TBS)
Christian Therapeutic Boarding Schools
Residential Treatment Center (RTC)
Young Adult Programs
Teen Help for 17 Year Old’s
Transport Services
Parent Help
Is Residential Therapy Right for Your Teen?
Helpful Tips: Finding Right Programs
Questions to Ask Schools
Parent Choices
Financial Options
Mental Health Insurance
Educational Loans
Parent Books & Sites
Featured Book
Parent Groups
My Teen
Will My Teen Hate Me
Good Teens, Bad Choices
Good Teens Smoking Pot
Entitled Teen
5 Signs of a Spoiled Teen
Teen Vaping
Teen Drug Use & Drinking
Warning Signs of Teen Drug Use
Warning Signs of Teen Drinking
Teen Internet Addiction
Warnings Signs of Internet Addiction
Oppositional Defiance Disorder
Defiant, Disrespectful & Rebellious
Conduct Disorder in Teens
Teen Depression
Suicide Ideation
Warning Signs of Depression
Bipolar Disorder
Teen Anxiety
Teen Stress
Bullying & Cyberbullying
Teen Self-Harm
Teens Stealing
RAD
Teen Runaways
ADD/ADHD
ADHD Symptoms
Testimonials
References
Blog
Featured Parenting Article
Teen Help Articles
Contact
Security & Privacy
The information that you provide to us is kept confidential.
Thank you for visiting the P.U.R.E.™ Inc. website. The information we collect about you during your visit depends on what you do while you are on the site.
Information automatically collected and stored when you visit any website, certain personal information about you can be collected automatically. For every visitor, we automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your computer and your visit:
Your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you go on the web.
The domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain).
The internet address of the website, if any, from which you came to our site– for example, www.google.com if you come to the P.U.R.E.™ website by clicking on a link to P.U.R.E.™ that was generated by google.com’s search results.
The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent on the site.
The name and version of your computer’s operating system and browser: for example, Windows XP/Internet Explorer 6.0.2. This information is supplied automatically by your computer.
Which pages you visited.
If you just browse through our site, read pages, or download information, that is the only information we collect. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. For example, we use the browser information to help us design our website so that as many people as possible will be able to view the pages correctly.
Personal information you choose to provide
We collect and store no other information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide it– for example, sending us an email or filling out the consultation form on our website.
If you fill out a form on our website (for example, the Free Consultation Form) and submit it to us, we will receive only the personal information that you include in the form.
Disclosure
P.U.R.E.™ Inc. does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors. We will only use personally identifying information to respond to you or to help us assist you with your request in finding the best options for your child. In those cases, various people that we work with may see the personal information you provide in order to look into the matter you inquired about.
If enough questions or comments come in that are the same, your question (but not your name) may be added to our Frequently Asked Questions section. We use your suggestions to help us improve the design and content of our website.
We may enter the information you send into an electronic database. Again, this information is only shared with people that work with us to provide you with solutions to the matter you inquired about.
Also, email is not necessarily secure against interception. If you are worried because your communication is very sensitive, or includes personal information such as your social security number, you can send it by fax instead.
If you have any questions or comments about privacy and the P.U.R.E.™ Inc. website, please let us know by calling us at (954) 260-0805.
Thank you.
Recent Posts
A Year of Positive Thinking for Teens: Daily Motivation to Beat Stress, Inspire Happiness, and Achieve Your Goals
Study: How COVID Is Impacting Teen’s Mental Health
The Depression Workbook for Teens: Tools to Improve Your Mood, Build Self-Esteem, and Stay Motivated
Smart Teens Stuck from Anxiety
How to Help Your Depressed Teen
Help Your Teens With:Good Teens, Bad Choices
Defiance and Disrespectfulness
Teen Depression
Depression Warning Signs
Teen Internet Addiction
Warnings Signs Internet Addiction
Entitlement Issues
Teen Anger, Rage, and Violence
Teen Vaping
Teen Drug Use and Drinking
Warning Signs of Teen Drug Use
Warning Signs of Teen Drinking
Good Teens Smoking Pot
Teen Truancy
Lack of Motivation and Underachievers
ADD/ADHD Teens
ADHD Symptoms
Oppositional Defiance Disorder (ODD)
Bipolar Disorder
Conduct Disorder
Teen Anxiety
Teen Stress
Teen Self-Harm
Reactive Attachment Disorder (RAD)
The Ballad of the Adopted Child
Help for Adopted Teens
Bullying and Cyberbullying
Eating Disorders
Struggling Teens
Teens Stealing
Teen Runaways
Teen Suicide
Teen Suicide Ideation
Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Teens
Gothic Teens
Teen Pregnancy
Teen Gangs
Will My Teen Hate Me
To get help, CLICK HERE or call us at 954-260-0805
As Featured On
..and many more.
To get help, CLICK HERE or call us at 954-260-0805P.U.R.E. does not provide legal advice and does not have an attorney on staff.
^ Back to Top
Copyright © 2001-2020 Help Your Teens. Optimized Web Design by SEO Web Mechanics Site Map