http://www.omta.net/privacy.htm
Home
About
Find an LMT
Public Member Directory
Member Verification
Instructors
Publications
News (blog)
Continuing Education
Touchstone
2010 Editions
Archive Directory
Advertising
Article Submissions
Contact
|
Ethics
|
Mission
|
Vision
|
Purpose
Administration
|
History
Accomplishments
|
Executives
Elections
Job Descriptions
Volunteer!
|
Bylaws
|
Funding
|
FAQ
Choosing an LMT
|
Continuing Education
|
Insurance
|
Regulation and Licensing
|
Legislation
|
Privacy Policy
* Email
* Password
Forgot password
OMTA Website Privacy Policy
(Last revised April 21, 2004)
Copyrights
All content and images on this website, including but not limited to text, photographs, graphics, logos, button icons, and images, are either the property of, or used with permission by, the webmaster or the owner of this site. Unauthorized use of such content and images may violate copyright or trademark laws or statutes. Reproduction, distribution, copying, transmitting, or reusing the content of this website for commercial purpose is strictly prohibited without express written consent from the webmaster or the owner of this site.
Content Disclaimer
The webmaster and the owner of this site provide website content to you at no cost, "as is". Reasonable efforts are used to maintain the site, but you should not assume that it is error-free or is suitable for the particular purpose that you intended when gaining access to the site. The webmaster and the owner of this site are not responsible for the results of any defects that may be found to exist in the site or any lost profits or other consequential damages that may result from such defects. The website contents are not intended to provide medical advice for individuals; such information should be obtained from your natural physician.Website Use Agreement
Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. The webmaster and the owner of this site may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice. Any comments or materials sent to the webmaster or the owner of this site including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like regarding the content of any such documents (collectively called "Feedback"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential. The webmaster and the owner of this site shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation.
Further, the webmaster and the owner of this site shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and/or services incorporating such Feedback. The webmaster and the owner of this site make no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may access through this one. When you access a website through this one, please understand that it is independent from the webmaster and the owner of this site, and that we have no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to another website does not mean that the webmaster or the owner of this site endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a detractive nature. In no event will the webmaster and the owner of this site be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of this website, or on any other hyperlinked or non-hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits or business interruption, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.Website Privacy Statement
When accessing our website, the webmaster and the owner of this site may learn certain information about you during your visit. We take your privacy very seriously. Our privacy policy is simple: we don't sell, give away, or rent your personal information to any entity outside of our organization. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site. If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we may collect and store only the following information about you:
The name of the domain from which you accessed the Internet;
The date and time you accessed our site; and
The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.
If you request an email event reminder, we collect and store only the following information about you:
Your email address;
The date and time you requested the response; and
The event for which you are requesting a reminder.
If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message; however, any Feedback (as described in the Website Use Agreement) provided by you will be treated as non-confidential. If you use the site to turn in an entry form for any event, we will collect and store only that information which is contained on that entry form. If you use the site to purchase, rent or lease products or services, we will collect and store only that information which we require to process an order electronically. That information is the following:
Your Name;
The billing address of the credit card (for security purposes);
A shipping address (if different from billing address);
The expiration date of that that credit card;
Your email address; and
Your phone number so that we can contact you with any questions concerning your order.
The webmaster and the owner of this site will not request sensitive information such as a social security number, a Personal Identification Number (PIN) from a bank or credit card, or a driver's license number. Information collected may be used for statistical purposes. The webmaster and the owner of this site may use software programs to create summary statistics, which may be used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to different sections of the website, what information is of most/least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact the webmaster or the owner of this site by e-mail. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact the webmaster or the owner of this site by regular mail.Changes to this Statement
The webmaster and the owner of this site will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, the webmaster and the owner of this site will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.Contact Information
The webmaster and the owner of this site welcome your comments regarding this privacy statement. Please contact us by e-mail or postal mail.
OMTA is a 501(c)(6) Non-Profit Corporation. According to the IRS, contributions are not deductible as charitable contributions on the donor's federal income tax return. They may be deductible as trade or business expenses if ordinary and necessary in the conduct of the taxpayer's business. Contact your tax consultant if this affects you.  © 2018 Oregon Massage Therapists Association. This web site is maintained by OMTA's Past Presidents Council.
Powered by Wild Apricot. Try our all-in-one platform for easy membership management
Try it FREE