https://www.skipspharmacy.com/wplog/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - Skip's Pharmacy
Toggle Navigation
Biotin
Hormone Replacement
Naltrexone
Veterinary Compounding
About
Contact
0 items - $0.00
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE AGREEMENTS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE. BY ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE.
Skip’s Pharmacy is working hard to ensure that the information provided on this site is accurate and up-to-date but due to the risk that the information may compromised by software or procedural errors, does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this site. Skip’s Pharmacy reserves the right to make changes to the content of this site from time to time without notice or obligation.
Permission to Browse Site and Limited Permission to Make Copies
You may browse this site for information and may print copies of its contents for your own use. Written permission is required, however, if you want to incorporate the contents into your own site or written materials, create “derivative works” or revise the site contents. In addition, you may not “mirror” the contents of this site without Skip’s Pharmacy’s permission. Although it may be easy to copy in cyberspace, this does not mean it is legal to do so.
Copyrights
Copyright in the pages and in the screens displaying the pages, and in the information and material therein and in their arrangement, is owned by Skip’s Pharmacy unless otherwise indicated. Some of the contents of this site may be registered with the Federal Copyright Office. Please familiarize yourself with U.S. and International Copyright laws before using any material.
No Warranties; Limitations of Liabilit
Skip’s Pharmacy assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on this Web site. ACCESS TO THIS SITE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Skip’s Pharmacy shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, which may result from the use of this site.
Privacy
Anyone using this server acknowledges that Skip’s Pharmacy may monitor the server contents as needed to comply with the law, to protect Skip’s Pharmacy and visitors to this site or server and to ensure that the server is being operated properly. Skip’s Pharmacy maintains this site (herein “the site”) for your personal information and education. Please feel free to browse the site. You may download material displayed on the site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report or use the contents of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, or video without Skip’s Pharmacy’s written permission. Your access and use of the site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and Skip’s Pharmacy regarding your use of this site are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the site without the written permission of Skip’s Pharmacy. Skip’s Pharmacy neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Skip’s Pharmacy. While Skip’s Pharmacy uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the site, Skip’s Pharmacy makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Skip’s Pharmacy assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the site. Your use and browsing of the site is at your risk. Neither Skip’s Pharmacy nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Skip’s Pharmacy also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the site. Any communication or material you transmit to the site by e-mail or otherwise, except as protected by HIPPAA, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is -and will be treated as – non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Skip’s Pharmacy and/or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Skip’s Pharmacy is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the site for any purpose whatsoever, including – but not limited to -developing, compounding and marketing medications and services using such information. Images of people or places displayed on the site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Skip’s Pharmacy. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Skip’s Pharmacy and others. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of Skip’s Pharmacy or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the site, or any other content on the site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Skip’s Pharmacy will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution. Skip’s Pharmacy has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Although Skip’s Pharmacy may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the site, Skip’s Pharmacy is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Skip’s Pharmacy will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Skip’s Pharmacy to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. Skip’s Pharmacy may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Information contained on this site is provided as an informational aide and for reference use only. The content herein is not intended to be, act as, or replace medical advice or diagnosis for individual health conditions nor is it making evaluations as to the risks or benefits of particular preparations. Please consult a licensed healthcare professional or veterinarian about diagnosis and treatment. Information and statements on this site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
Biotin
Refill Request
Hormone Replacement
Naltrexone
Veterinary
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
HIPAA
© 2019 Skip’s Pharmacy.
All Rights Reserved.
Join Our Newsletter
Amazon
Cart
Checkout
construction
Forgot Password
Login
My account
Profile
Services
Shop
Specialty Compound Pharmacy Services
Terms & Conditions
Your Order Was Successful
Pets & Vets
Refill Request
Protected Health Information (HIPAA)
Privacy Statement
Hestia | Developed by ThemeIsle