http://www.sharp.com/patient-rights-privacy/terms-of-use.cfm
Patient Rights and Privacy
Home
Patient Rights and Privacy
Terms of Use
Terms of UsePlease read this agreement completely and carefully before accessing this website. If you choose to use sharp.com or any of its features, health tools and calculators, mobile and text messages, email newsletters, RSS, videos, widgets and social media, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below.
We will update our Terms of Use periodically without notifying you of changes; please reference this document frequently to be aware of updates. We may also add or change website features at any time. Each time you access sharp.com, you signify that you accept the Terms of Use in their current form.
We understand that information about you and your health is confidential. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our patients' health information. Read our
privacy practices for more information.
Disclaimers
plus
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
Sharp.com is an online information and communication service. Sharp HealthCare provides sharp.com to the community for educational purposes only, and the information provided through this website should in no way be taken to be the provision or practice of medical, nursing or health care diagnosis; advice; or be considered a substitute for a call, visit, consultation or advice from your physician or other health care providers.
If you have specific health-related questions or a health problem, please contact your physician or other health care provider. We have used reliable sources in an effort to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge of health-related topics, but do not depend on the information presented on this website, as each individual case is different.
Except for information, products or services clearly identified as being supplied by Sharp HealthCare, Sharp HealthCare does not operate, control or endorse in any way information, products or services on the internet.
While we take reasonable measures to protect our website, we cannot guarantee the safety of any internet connection, or that downloaded or viewed content will be free of contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures to protect yourself and your computer system.
Links to other websites are provided as a convenience for you. However, other websites are neither managed nor controlled by Sharp HealthCare. While we make reasonable efforts to include other websites that provide relevant information, neither Sharp HealthCare nor its employees, agents or contractors review, control or take responsibility for the content or operation of these websites.
Some health services or products described on sharp.com may not be covered by your health plan or insurance company. You should check with your health plan or health insurer to see what services and products are covered.
The information displayed in or through sharp.com is provided without warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to, those of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or any warranty arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice. Sharp HealthCare will not be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you or anyone else in reliance upon the information provided. By accessing this website and the Internet generally, you assume all responsibility and risk for use.
Online conduct
plus
You agree not to use sharp.com or any of its features for any purpose that is unlawful, harassing, destructive, or otherwise prohibited by this agreement. You are personally responsible for the material that you send and for adhering to rules of conduct on any page of sharp.com. We reserve the right to deny access to any part of sharp.com at our sole discretion.
Consents and copyrights
plus
All trademarked or copyrighted material contained within these pages, including but not limited to logos, marks, content, documents, forms, images, illustrations and videos, are owned by or licensed to Sharp HealthCare. Any reproduction or redistribution of this material beyond personal use is prohibited without the express written consent of Sharp HealthCare.
This website and links to other sites may contain materials that are copyrighted by Sharp HealthCare and/or other copyright holders. Use of copyrighted material without permission is expressly prohibited and is subject to federal copyright laws.
Registration and security
plus
You will be required to register for an account to participate in certain sharp.com services. You will be asked to use your email address as a username and create a password, and to provide information pertinent to your account. You are responsible for securing the confidentiality of your password. When choosing a password, select a combination of letters and numbers that isn't guessable by someone who knows you. Examples of weak passwords include those that incorporate your family member's and pet's names, sports teams or hobbies, or license plate numbers. The username and password you create may also allow you to sign in to additional websites that have a single sign-on relationship with sharp.com.
You must be at least 18 years old to register for an account. We do not knowingly allow users under 18 to have their own accounts. You may cancel your account at any time by emailing
info@sharp.com. We reserve the right to cancel or remove accounts that impersonate another person, are abusive, illegal or are otherwise inappropriate or which are used to violate any part of this agreement.
Collection and use of personal information
plus
We will not collect your name, email address or other personal information unless you voluntarily provide it. We will not sell, trade, rent or share personal information about you or other website visitors to any third party (excluding third-party contractors performing work for Sharp), absent your permission.
We collect, use and store the following personal information:
Names and email addresses for email subscriptions, online surveys, customer feedback and contact forms, and other communications with Sharp HealthCare.
Personal information (such as, but not limited to, name, email address, billing and shipping address, date of birth and date of health care service) when you register for a class, pay a bill, make an online donation, request a prescription refill, purchase a product, take a survey or participate in other online functions.
We use your credit card information to process payments or donations. We do not store credit card numbers. All credit card transactions are secured and processed using the standard practices of banks and retail stores.
Demographic information (such as, but not limited to, gender and ethnicity), which is optional unless you are applying for a job.
By providing additional personal information and undergoing a confidential identity verification process, you can connect your medical record to your sharp.com account and view or update your medical information at your convenience. If you choose this option, the personal information you provide will be used in the following manner:
You will be asked to provide your birth date and Social Security number to help us match the account you create to your existing medical record.
You will be asked to verify your identity by answering questions about your previous residences and credit history, which Sharp or a Sharp vendor checks against publicly available databases. The questions and answers will not be collected, used or stored on sharp.com.
At any time you may request to have your information removed from Sharp HealthCare databases by
sending us an email.
Collection and use of anonymous information
plus
By using sharp.com, you consent to the collection and use of information as discussed below. Changes in this policy will be posted on this page so you will always know what information is being collected, how it is being used and under what circumstances it is being disclosed.
Sharp may use third-party software for targeted advertising. These third-party vendors may place cookies on your internet browser so that we can show you Sharp-related information in the future. If you wish to opt out of this practice, you may do so at
https://youradchoices.com/ or at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/.
We collect the following nonpersonal information about our website visitors on an aggregated basis:
Date and time of visit
IP address (numbers that identify your internet service provider or network)
Name of the internet browser you used to visit sharp.com
Pages visited and files downloaded on sharp.com
Referring website (the last website you visited before coming to sharp.com)
Search keywords used to find sharp.com
Type of computer (PC or Mac) you used to visit sharp.com
This information is used to improve your experience on sharp.com. We regularly make changes and updates to sharp.com based on the collection of this information. Website administrators will gather this information and may report on broad user trends, site usage and popular webpages to senior leaders within Sharp HealthCare.
Communications from sharp.com
plus
If you have chosen to communicate with us electronically, you may receive emails regarding billing, classes and events and other programs and services offered by Sharp. These communications do not relate to your clinical care or health care information, and HIPAA-protected data is not used in sending these messages. We will only send you information related to offerings at Sharp HealthCare. If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from Sharp, email us at
info@sharp.com. You must be 18 years of age or older to communicate with us by email or to subscribe to our email newsletters.
Share your opinion
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please feel free to
send us an email.
We'll help find the doctor who's right for you.
View
doctors specializing in primary care in San Diego.
Find a primary care doctor
Dr. Perry Montoya
"The Sharp Experience means delivering detailed, up-to-date health assessments to patients with sincerity and compassion."
Dr. Ali Alamar
"My objective is to provide complete, personalized care for patients, treating them as I would any member of my family."
Dr. Kevin Considine
"I believe in treating the whole patient and family — not just the disease."
Dr. Anselmo Roldan
"I have been in practice since 1978."
Dr. Jorge Mota
"The Sharp Experience means providing the highest standards of medical care for every patient."
Dr. Timothy Strouse
"I strive to do more than expected for my patients to receive the best care possible."
Dr. Yong Lee
"I deliver holistic, respectful, caring and comprehensive medical care."
Dr. Ronald Kwok
"I believe in building strong partnerships with my patients."
Dr. Uma Devaki
"I enjoy working with people and assisting them in their time of need."
Dr. Prachi Karnik
"I believe in forming a partnership to improve the quality of life for my patients."
Dr. Samer Assaf
"I try to nurture the patient-physician relationship based on open communication, compassion, respect and trust."
Dr. Andrew Brown
"The Sharp Experience means making sure that every patient feels comfortable and confident with the care that I am providing them."
Sign in
Sign In
All Categories
Advanced Care Life Support (ACLS)
Bariatric surgery
Basic Life Support (BLS)
Bereavement
Breast cancer
Cancer
Cancer support groups
Cardiac Training Center
Childbirth preparation
Chronic disease management
City of San Diego employees
City of San Diego health & wellness workshops
Congestive heart failure
Continuing education
Covered California
CPR and first aid
Embarazo y parto
En español
Financial and health care planning
Health screenings
Heart
Integrative and complementary medicine
Medicare
Men's health
Mental health
Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP)
Newborn and baby care
Nutrition
Online education programs
Orthopedics
Pain management
Parenting and child development
Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)
Pregnancy and childbirth
Prenatal hospital tours
Seniors and aging
Sharp Chula Vista employees
Sharp Coronado employees
Sharp employee education
Sharp employee online education
Sharp Grossmont employees
Sharp Metro employees
Sharp-Rees Stealy employees
Smoking cessation
Stress management
Stroke
Weight management
Wellness
Women's care
View category descriptions
Contact Sharp HealthCare
Call us
1-800-827-4277
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
Email us
Please do not use this form to convey personal or medical information.
I need help with
General/other
Billing
Careers
Classes
Hospital care
FollowMyHealth
Sharp HealthCare number or account number
How would you like to be contacted?
Email
Phone
Choose a hospital
Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center
Sharp Coronado Hospital
Sharp Grossmont Hospital
Sharp Mary Birch
Sharp McDonald Center
Sharp Memorial Hospital
Sharp Mesa Vista Hospital
First name
Last name
Date of birth
Month
Day
Year
Street address
ZIP code
Email
Phone
Optional
May we leave a message at this number?
Message
Please check the box proving that you are not a robot.
Find other numbers
View our phone directory
What's This?
These important numbers are located on your billing statement.
Find your SharpCare account number
What's GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) governs the processing of personal information gathered from individuals while they are in the European Union (EU) and parts of the EEA (European Economic Area, which currently includes Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway).
We are sorry, but we are unable to process your price estimate if you live or are travelling within the EU or affiliated nations.
What's This?
Many surgery and procedure names sound similar. If possible, please provide the current procedure terminology (CPT) code, which can be found on the order from your doctor.
If you cannot provide the CPT code, please contact your doctor's office for the CPT or a detailed description of services.