http://www.oneagleswings.me.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About
On Eagles Wings Chapters
What is ME?
What Can I Do About ME?
What Other Help Is Available?
Why Does God Allow Us To Suffer?
On Eagles Wings
Postscript
Medical Articles
Quotes About ME
Blog / Latest News
Useful Links
Children’s Books
Some thoughts on caring
Could MSG be your problem too?
Contact
Children’s Books
MSG
Some Thoughts On Caring
Useful Links
Follow on Twitter
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how On Eagles Wings uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
On Eagles Wings may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 2017.
What we collect
We may collect the following information if you contact us:
your name
your email address
This information will only be collected with your knowledge and consent.
What we do with the information we gather
We use this information only in order to respond to any queries which you may submit through the site – it is not passed on to other parties. Should you ask for your data to be deleted once we have responded to your request, we will do so immediately. Otherwise, we will store your details for 6 months, in case we have any further need to contact you. After 6 months, your details will be removed from our system.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Helpful articles
Could MSG be your problem too?
Some thoughts on caring
Go to Medical Articles
Go to Latest News
©2020 On Eagles Wings / Disclaimer / Privacy Policy Website by Cloud 10
Hits since April 2018: 5150