http://www.himss.org/himss-legal
Skip to main content
HIMSS Legal & Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
The Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) offers an Internet site on the World Wide Web, www.himss.org (“HIMSS Site”), designed to provide useful information to HIMSS members, consumers, and other interested persons. It is HIMSS’ intent always to present accurate information on the HIMSS Site, however as to such information on the HIMSS Site, HIMSS:
Does not warrant its correctness, accuracy, overall fitness for purpose, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing;
Does not endorse, approve, or certify it;
Does not warrant its merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose;
Does not warrant its ownership status of copyright or other intellectual property rights; and
Does not warrant against its containing material defects or technology that contaminates a user's system or information, or violates the property, privacy or personal rights of others.
By using this service, each user expressly waives all rights of action that he or she may have against HIMSS arising out of or related to use or reliance upon or ingestion of information and material on the HIMSS Site.
HIMSS, its officers, trustees, employees, and agents assume no liability or responsibility for damages of any kind, whether direct or consequential arising from or related to the use, reliance upon or ingestion of information and material on the HIMSS Site.
At certain places on the HIMSS Site, users can access live links to other Internet addresses. HIMSS does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, security or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses.
Copyright
The materials displayed in this website are the property of HIMSS. They’re covered by the provisions of the Copyright Act of the United States and related regulations and international agreements.
If you upload content to HIMSS that is yours, it remains yours and by uploading it you grant HIMSS a free, nonexclusive, global license to use your content in keeping with HIMSS’s business and standards.
Some of the materials on the website might be subject to copyrights held by third parties. If you wish to use any material included on this website, it’s your responsibility to determine who holds the copyright to the content and to get permission from the author or copyright owner before you use the materials.
Trademark
Any trademarks displayed on the website are governed by the provisions of the United States Trademark Law and related regulations and international agreements.
If you use any of the trademarks displayed on HIMSS without the prior consent of the trademark owner, you may be infringing on their trademark.
Privacy Policy
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
When we mention "HIMSS," "we," "us," or "our" in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the HIMSS Group responsible for processing your data. HIMSS is ultimately the data controller or a joint controller along with another company of the HIMSS Group.
This Privacy Policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In short:  We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Website, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Website or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Website, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect names; phone numbers; email addresses; mailing addresses; job titles; usernames; passwords; contact preferences; contact or authentication data; billing addresses; debit/credit card numbers; and other similar information.
We also collect, use, and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. Should we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your data to directly or indirectly identify you however, we treat the combined data as personal data, which will be used per this Privacy Policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes information about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data, nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses).
Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by PayPal. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In short:  Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Website.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Website. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Website and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Website, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many organizations, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data are service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Website (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called 'crash dumps') and hardware settings).
Location Data. We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Website. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device. Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
Information collected from other sources
In short:  We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, as well as from other third parties. This information includes mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Website for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
In legal terms, we are generally the "data controller" under European data protection laws since we determine the purposes and means of the data processing we perform. However, if you are a business customer with whom we have entered into a data processing agreement for the provision of corporate services to you, then you would be the "data controller" and we would be the "data processor" under European data protection laws since we would be processing data on your behalf in accordance with your instructions.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Website that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at dpo-USA@himss.org and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Request feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Website.
To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Website
Administer prize draws and competitions. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice.
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In short:  We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our Website.
Our Website may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Website. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Website is at your own risk. You should only access the Website within a secure environment.
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Website, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Website. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data, we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at dpo-USA@himss.org.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In short:  In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at dpo-USA@himss.org.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Website. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Website visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list — however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
Access your account settings and update your preferences.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Website, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Website. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Website, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as:
Every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
Every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as "non-residents."
If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including the ground of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer and facilitate the logon process
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order, including:
(a) Manage payments, fees, and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Transaction
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you, which will include notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy and responding to user inquiries
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or contest, and to participate in surveys
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Technical and usage
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and HIMSS websites (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data), and to enforce our terms and policies
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical and usage
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Technical and usage
(e) Location
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve HIMSS websites, applications, products/services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences
(a) Technical and usage
(b) Location
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep HIMSS websites updated and relevant, to develop our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical and usage
(d) Profile
(e) Location
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories instances where you interact with us in-person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this privacy notice.
You may contact us by email at dpo-USA@himss.org or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this statement.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal data.
HIMSS has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months. HIMSS will not sell personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users and other consumers.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to request deletion of the data - Request to delete
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Right to be informed - Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
Whether we collect and use your personal information;
The categories of personal information that we collect;
The purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
Whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
The categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g. phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. If, however, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of your personal data
You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the data
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
You may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving a request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at dpo-USA@himss.org or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this statement. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In short:  Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below:
Contact Details
In the United States of America:
Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society
HIMSS Analytics, LLC
HIMSS Media, LLC
Healthbox Global Partners, LLC
Personal Connected Health Alliance, LLC
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4300 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 250
Arlington, VA 22203
USAdpo-USA@himss.org
In the United Kingdom:
Citadel Events, Ltd. trading as HIMSS UK
HIMSS Europe GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Regent House
13-15 Albert St
Harrogate HG1 1JX
UNITED KINGDOMdpo-USA@himss.org
In Germany:
HIMSS Europe GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Bertha-Benz-Straße 5
10557 Berlin
GERMANYdpo-USA@himss.org
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please send an email to dpo-USA@himss.org. We will respond to your request within 30 days.