https://www.waynecountyhospital.org/privacy-policy/
Home>
Privacy Policy>
Privacy Policy for Wayne County Hospital
At Wayne County Hospital, accessible from www.waynecountyhospital.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Wayne County Hospital and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
Wayne County Hospital follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Wayne County Hospital.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Wayne County Hospital, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Wayne County Hospital has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Wayne County Hospital’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Wayne County Hospital does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Wayne County Hospital. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Spring 2019
HealthWise
Newsletter
News, Info, and Health Tips
The Safe Haven Act is an Iowa law that allows parents (or another person who has the parent's authorization) to leave an infant up to 30 days old at a hospital or care facility without fear of arrest or going to court.
417 S. East Street
Corydon, Iowa 50060
Phone: 641.872.2260
Copyright © 2020 Wayne County Hospital & Clinic System, All rights reserved. Site by Gradient9 Studios
MENU
Services
Cardiac Rehab
Dialysis
Disease Spotlight
DOT Physical Exam for Commercial Motor Vehicle Drivers
Emergency Medical Services
Family Practice
Health Coach Services
Imaging Services / Radiology
Infusion Service
Inpatient Services
Laboratory
Obstetrics / Maternity
Occupational Health
Oncology Services
Pharmacy
Rehabilitation Services
Respiratory Therapy
Skilled Care
Sleep Disorders Evaluation
Surgery
Women’s Health
Obstetrics, Gynecology and Urogynecology
Wound Care
Clinics
Humeston Family Medical Clinic – Family Practice
Lineville Medical Clinic – Family Practice
Seymour Medical Clinic – Family Practice
South Central Iowa Medical Clinic – Family Practice/Obstetrics/Women’s Health
Medical Staff
Babar S. Ahmed, M.D.
Joel L. Baker, D.O.
Karen Bozwell, MSN, ARNP
Galen Daniels, P.A.-C
Emmy Davis, MSN, CNM
Douglas W. Hoch, M.D.
Brandon L. Jenson, DO
Stephanie Mahan, DO
Barb Masters, DNP, ARNP
Ernest Perea, M.D.
Earle M. Pescatore, Jr., DO, MHA, FACOG, FPMRS
Heidi Powers, MSN, ARNP
Nicole Ruble, PA-C
Jeff Sisul, MSN, ARNP
Joshwa Tromblee, D.O.
Roberta Walburn, MSN, ARNP
Joel A. Wells, D.O.
Amy Wood, P.A.-C
Specialists
About
Board of Directors
History
Leadership Team
Patient Satisfaction & Quality
Patient Stories
Pillars & Professional Standards of Excellence
Hospital Auxiliary Volunteers
Careers
Benefits
Employment Application
Employment Opportunities
Human Resources
Professional Standards of Excellence
Students at Wayne County Hospital
Patients & Visitors
Billing Information
CMS Rule on Transparency
End of Life Care
Gifts from the Heart Gift Shop
Health Information Management
Making Healthcare Decisions
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Privacy Policy
Public Wireless Internet Access
Smoke and Tobacco Free Policy
Spiritual Care
Statement of Non-Discrimination
Visitor Information
Giving
Ways to Give
Community
Employee Links
Employee Compliance
Employee Education
Information for Medical Staff
Remote Email Access
VPN
Patient Portal
Pay Bill Online – WCH
Pay Bill Online – Clinics
Retail Pharmacy
Contact Wayne County Hospital
Facebook
Call us at 641.872.2260
Visit us at 417 S. East Street, Corydon, Iowa