http://www.locumotion.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Introduction
This Privacy Statement sets out the foundation on which all personal data that Locumotion Ltd collects from you, or that you provide to us (via mediums such as our website, affiliate websites, job boards, direct emails, recruitment conferences, and other such events, will be processed by us.
Locumotion is part of a company called Centric Health.
Please take time to read this statement carefully to understand Locumotion Ltd practices, relating to your personal data and how it is treated.
If you do not accept that we process your data in the manner detailed in this Statement, please do not submit any personal data to us and/or please contact us to have your data removed (see contact details below).
The Controller of your Data
Locumotion Ltd is registered as a data controller in the Republic of Ireland for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data. Locumotion Ltd will deal with the office of the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland as the Lead Supervisory Authority for regulating all data protection matters within Locumotion Ltd.  We assure you that all the data you send to us is processed fairly and lawfully. The data submitted is solely used in accordance with the purposes as set out in this statement.
Collection and Use of your Personal Information
Locumotion Ltd collects and uses your personal information to perform the recruitment functions/services you have requested. We will collect Personal Data. Personal Data will generally consist of your name, contact details and other information contained in your CV.  Locumotion Ltd will confirm your consent for us to hold your personal information before it is stored and processed.
The Personal Data that we collect and process will vary depending on whether you are a Doctor Seeking work or a GP Practice seeking Doctor Coverage.
Locumotion will not collect personal information for commercial purposes.
Doctor Seeking Work
The Personal Data will be requested, stored, processed, used and disclosed by Locumotion Ltd to:
Evaluate data about you against vacancies which we may have, that we determine may be suitable for you. In line with the nature of recruitment services, we will keep your data on our database with your consent.
Send your information to our clients to put you forward as a candidate for vacancies or to assess your eligibility for vacancies that we may have with your permission. When your information is sent to a client, we will notify you by email when this has been done, to which client it has been shared and for what specific purpose, so that you know where else your data has been submitted and stored.
Permit you to submit your CV to apply online for jobs.
Communicate with you about relevant job opportunities.
Where we have a bona fide requirement by law to disclose it to third parties in relation to the detection of crime, the collection of taxes or duties, in order to comply with any applicable law and court orders.
Third-parties where we or our client have engaged them to deliver services that have been requested. These may include references, qualifications, criminal reference checking services and/or skill tests. These will be advised to you as part of the process and you have the option to decline.
Due to the nature of Locum work, additional personal data is also required to facilitate placements, compliance and payment services, such as bank account details, national identification numbers, tax clearance and visa details. This data will only be held for as long as it is required to provide such employment services and will be deleted once your employment has finished and data is not required for any other legal purposes.
GP Practice seeking Doctor Coverage
In order for Locumotion Limited to provide recruitment services to a client, we will process and store client contacts details, which would include name, contact details, and surgery details.
This Personal Data list is not exhaustive and we may seek to process, use or disclose your information for any other purpose which has not been listed above always with your explicit consent.
We reserve the right to assign your data to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all the assets of our company in circumstances where the third party agrees to observe the terms of this Privacy Statement. Locumotion Ltd will notify you of such circumstances and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Who can Access your data?
The information that you have provided to us may be made available to personnel working in Locumotion Ltd, our affiliate companies, our clients, and the third parties as set out above. Your personal data is wholly stored and processed within the European Economic Area.
Where your personal information is required to be sent outside the European Economic Area we will contact you for your permission prior to the disclosure of your personal information. In the event that we need to transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area we will take the appropriate steps to guarantee that your privacy rights continue to be protected as detailed in this Privacy Statement.
Existing Data Information with Locumotion
We will use our best endeavors to guarantee that all Personal Data that you have submitted to us is maintained and up to date. However, it is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to your Personal Data to ensure that it is up to date.
Where we currently hold personal information about you, you may at any time request that we modify, update, erase or provide a copy of this information to you. We will also provide an annual reminder for you to update this data or request your data to be removed. All such deletions and date updates should be sent to DPO@Locumotion.com from the email address of record and these will be actioned within one month and you will receive confirmation that this has been completed. We may only refuse your request where we are legally obliged to do so. Where your request has been refused we will provide you with reasons for this refusal.  We will then hold such data for only as long as it is necessarily required by law and in line with our retention policy. For a comprehensive description of our retention Principles please reference: https://www.hiqa.ie/system/files/Guidance-on-information- governance.pdf
Security of your Personal information
We are committed to the protection of Personal Information submitted to us. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. While Locumotion Ltd takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information that you provide, we recognise that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet. Locumotion Limited accepts no liability should this occur.
Cookies
Cookies is a text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive relating to your viewing history of a website. If you return to that website, it can present tailored selections to you created upon the stored information about your last visit. You can normally adjust the settings of your browser to avoid the acceptance of cookies. Cookies will not harm your system.
We use site tracking software to monitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the websites.
Security:
These cookies allow us to securely access to your account
Preference:
These cookies are used to store your preferences like language choice and display of job search results.
Analytics
In order to monitor how our sites are performing, we collect data about page visits. This information is completely anonymous — we cannot determine who it came from. When we use this data, we look at numbers of visitors overall rather than individual visits.
Analytics information is used in reports and to improve our site. For example, we have used analytics data to add, remove or change features of the site based on how popular they are with users. We track, for example
Page views
Popular times
Length of visit
Where visitors came from
Technical data about devices or browsers used to access the site
We use Google to provide our analytics data. You can read more about how Google Analytics treats your data at: Google: Safeguarding your data. You can also read Google’s full privacy policy.
Site features:
We track which jobs you look at so we can show you similar roles.Session: As you move through the site, various pieces of information need to be stored in order for the site to function properly. For example, if you perform a search for jobs, the search terms you use will be remembered so that you can change them later. If you log in, we will remember which account you logged in with.
CCTV
For security reasons, the General Practice which you will be employed by may have CCTV cameras at the different access points in the building in order to prevent intruders or individuals who could damage property of the General Practice or remove goods or information from the General Practice without authorisation. As a member of staff of the General Practice your image will be captured on such CCTV cameras, however the General Practice will only disclose such CCTV footage to other parties where necessary to investigate a break in or other unauthorised access to the General Practice
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Where a change is made to this Privacy Statement it will be set out on our websites to ensure that you are aware of what information we collect and how we will use it. If we plan to use Personal Data in a way that is inconsistent from that stated in this Privacy Statement, we will inform in advance you by email, and it will be your decision as to whether or not you are happy that we continue store and process your information.
This privacy statement is effective from 24/05/18.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about our information handling practices you have a right to lodge a complaint with our Data Protection Officer by email at DPO@locumotion.com or you can contact the Office of the Data Protection Commission by visiting https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/complaints/1592.htm
Questions
We hope this statement has explained any issues that might arise. If you have any queries about this Privacy Statement, please email DPO@locumotion.com