https://www.delautism.org/privacy-policy/
DONATE TODAY
DONATE TODAY
We Help People And Families Affected By Autism
FollowFollowFollow
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Autism Delaware is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Autism Delaware Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Autism Delaware website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Use of your Personal Information
Autism Delaware collects and uses your personal information to operate the Autism Delaware Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Autism Delaware also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Autism Delaware and its affiliates. Autism Delaware may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Autism Delaware does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Autism Delaware may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Autism Delaware may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Autism Delaware, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Autism Delaware does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Autism Delaware keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Autism Delaware, in order to determine what Autism Delaware services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Autism Delaware to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Autism Delaware Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Autism Delaware or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Autism Delaware; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Autism Delaware, or the public.
Collection of your Personal Information
Autism Delaware collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Autism Delaware also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Autism Delaware. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Autism Delaware for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Autism Delaware Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Autism Delaware public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Autism Delaware does not read any of your private online communications.
Autism Delaware encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Autism Delaware so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Autism Delaware is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Autism Delaware and Autism Delaware family of Web sites.
Security of Personal Information
Autism Delaware secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Autism Delaware secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Use of Cookies
The Autism Delaware Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Autism Delaware pages, or register with Autism Delaware site or services, a cookie helps Autism Delaware to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Autism Delaware Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Autism Delaware features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Autism Delaware services or Web sites you visit.
Changes to this Statement
Autism Delaware will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Autism Delaware encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Autism Delaware is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Autism Delaware welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Autism Delaware has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Autism Delaware at delautism@delautism.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact Autism Delaware
Click Here to Email Us
Phone: 302-224-6020Fax: 302-224-6017
New Castle County
924 Old Harmony RoadSuite 201Newark, DE 19713
Sussex County
17517 Nassau Commons Blvd.Unit 1Lewes, DE 19958
Follow Us Online
Home
Services
Get Involved
Events
Stay Connected
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2019 Autism Delaware. All rights reserved. Website Designed by Teakettica LLC.
The United Way of Delaware Designation Number 9234. Southeastern PA Designation Number 12598. Autism Delaware is a Non-Profit 501(c) (3) Organization. Autism Delaware™, POW&R™, Productive Opportunities for Work & Recreation™, and the puzzle-piece logo are trademarks or service marks of Autism Delaware Inc.
EnglishGermanSpanish