https://www.curechm.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policycurechm2020-08-03T22:25:10-05:00
Disclaimer/ Privacy Policy
The information and services provided by the Choroideremia Research Foundation are for informational purposes only. We do not promote our site as professional counseling or medical advice or a substitute for professional counseling or medical advice. What you do with the information and advice we offer is your decision. You are responsible for your own well-being and the choices you make. CRF is neither responsible nor liable for any health problems you may experience in relation to what we have or have not provided.
Use of CRF written materials and live interactive forums constitutes your agreement to the following:
You understand that CRF services are NOT professional counseling or medical advice.
You agree to NOT hold the Choroideremia Research Foundation or anyone affiliated responsible for any damages that may occur by reading online CRF materials or by participating in online, web-based, or live interactive forums.
You understand that if you have a medical emergency, you should immediately call 911 and seek appropriate professional help. (If we are informed of your intentions to hurt yourself or others we reserve the right to contact proper authorities and release whatever information we possess to protect the individual[s] at risk)
The Choroideremia Research Foundation does not recommend nor endorse any specific physicians, products or treatments even though they may be mentioned on this site. In addition, please note that any personal information you provide to the Choroideremia Research Foundation during telephone, email, website, or social media conversations may be stored in a secure database to assist the Choroideremia Research Foundation in providing you with the best service possible. Portions of the constituent data stored in this database may be used to inform future programs and services of the Choroideremia Research Foundation and may be provided in aggregate form to third parties to guide future choroideremia research and treatment efforts. The Choroideremia Research Foundation will not provide personal identifying information (such as your name or contact information) to third parties without your advanced written consent.
Our website address is: http://www.curechm.org.
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Reset
Go to Top