https://www.qualitative-research.net/index.php/fqs/usageStats/privacyInformation
DEUTSCH
ESPAÑOL
Home
About
Login
Register
Search
Current
Archives
Announcements
Journal Content
Search
Search Scope
All
Authors
Title
Abstract
Index terms
Full Text
Browse
By Issue
By Author
By Title
By Identify Types
Font Size
Information
For Readers For Authors For Librarians
Current Issue
Open Journal Systems
Journal Help
Usage Statistics Information
We log anonymous usage statistics. Please read the privacy information for details.
Home >
Usage Statistics Information
Usage Statistics Information
General Privacy Information
Please refer to our general privacy statement.
Usage Statistics
In order to be able to analyse usage and impact of our journal and the published articles, we collect and log access to the journal’s homepage, issues, articles, galleys and supplementary files. In the process all data is anonymised. No personal information is logged. IP addresses are anonymised by being hashed (using SHA 256) in combination with a secure 64 characters long salt that is automatically randomly generated and overridden on a daily basis. Therefore IP addresses cannot be reconstructed.
The following information is collected next to the anonymised IP addresses:
Access type (i.e. administrative)
Request time
Requested URL
HTTP status code
Browser
The collected data is only used for evaluation purposes. No IP addresses are mapped to user IDs. It is technically impossible to trace a specific set of data to a specific IP address.
If you wish you can opt-out of the data collection process. By clicking the opt-out button below, you can actively decide against participating in the statistical analysis. When clicking the opt-out button a cookie is being created on your system to store your decision. If the privacy settings of your browser lead to cookies being automatically deleted you will have to opt-out again the next time you access this journal. The cookie is only valid for one browser. If you use a different browser, you will have to opt out again. No individual information is stored within this cookie. This cookie lease is valid for one year after your last access.
Please bear in mind that general server logs are not affected by your decision to opt-out of the detailed evaluation process. Please refer to our general privacy statement.
2000-2020 Forum Qualitative Sozialforschung / Forum: Qualitative Social Research (ISSN 1438-5627)
Supported by the Institute for Qualitative Research and the Center for Digital Systems, Freie Universität Berlin