http://www.dumfries-osteopathic-clinic.co.uk/privacy-notice.htm
Dumfries Osteopathic Clinic
Home
Treatment
Practitioners
About Osteopathy
Testimonials
Links
Contact
Privacy Notice
Privacy - Why we collect your personal data and what we do with it
When you supply your personal details to this clinic (either as part of the booking process or during consultation and treatment) they are stored and processed for one, some, or all of the following 4 reasons (the bits in bold are the relevant terms used in the Data protection Act 2018, which includes the General Data Protection Regulation – ie the law):
We need to collect personal information about your health in order to provide you with the best possible treatment. Your requesting treatment and our agreement to provide that care constitutes a contract. You can, of course, refuse to provide the information, but if you were to do that we would not be able to provide treatment.
We have a “Legitimate Interest” in collecting that information, because without it we couldn’t do our job effectively and safely.
We also think that it is important that we can contact you in order to confirm your appointments with us or to update you on matters related to your medical care. This again constitutes “Legitimate Interest”, but this time it is your legitimate interest.
Provided we have your consent, we may occasionally send you general health information in the form of articles, advice or newsletters. You may withdraw this consent at any time – just let us know by any convenient method.
We have a legal obligation to retain your records for 8 years after your most recent appointment (or age 25, if this is longer), After this period you can ask us to delete your records if you wish. Otherwise, we will retain your records indefinitely in order that we can provide you with the best possible care should you need to see us at some future date.
Your records are stored:
On secure remote servers with Cliniko – our practice management software.  Access is restricted and password protected. Their privacy policy can be found at https://www.cliniko.com/policies/privacy
Records prior to July 2017 are stored on the office computer. This is password-protected, backed up regularly, and the office is locked out of working hours.  There is a backup copy on an external hard drive which is password protected in a fireproof safe.
We will never share your data without your written consent. Only your practitioner will have access in order that they can provide you with treatment.
You have the right to see what personal data of yours we hold, and you can also ask us to correct any factual errors. Provided the legal minimum period has elapsed, you can also ask us to erase your records.
We want you to be absolutely confident that we are treating your personal data responsibly, and that we are doing everything we can to make sure that the only people who can access that data have a genuine need to do so.
Of course, if you feel that we are mishandling your personal data in some way, you have the right to complain. Complaints need to be sent to what is referred to in the jargon as the “Data Controller”. Here are the details you need for that:
Julian Leask – julian_leask@yahoo.co.uk – 07701 034 378
If you are not satisfied with my response, then you have the right to raise the matter with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Lochvale House (formerly Georgetown Community Centre), Georgetown Road, Dumfries, DG1 4DFPhone: 01387 270750  -  Email
Thursdays: The Bridge Wellness Centre, Millisle, Craignair Street, Dalbeattie, DG5 4AY - 01556 612 722
-    site by jcc    -    Privacy Notice