http://www.thyroid.org/about-american-thyroid-association/terms-of-use/
Publications
Meetings
Newsroom
Membership
Login
Home
Professionals
Events & Education
ATA Publications
ATA Professional Guidelines
Research Grants
Thyroid Cancer Patient Information
Trainees Corner
Corporate Leadership Council
ATA Career Center
Continuing Medical Education
Laboratory Services Library
Scientific & Professional Interest
THYROID Calculators
Thyroid Cancer Staging Calculator
(CEA) Doubling Time Calculator
Change In Thyroid Nodule Volume Calculator
Patients
Thyroid Patient Information
Find an Endocrinology – Thyroid Specialist
Patient Support Links
Clinical Thyroidology for the Public
Friends of the ATA Newsletter
ATA Practice Guidelines
Clinical Trials
ATA Research Accomplishments
Members
Member Benefits
Become an ATA Member
Renew Your Membership
Member Guidelines & Categories
Society Committees
Member Directory
Trainee Membership
Meet our Members
Women in Thyroidology
Corporate Leadership Council
Member Publication Access
Thyroid Online Access
Clinical Thyroidology Online
Video Endocrinology
About
Leadership & Staff
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion
Governance
Society Awards
Society Committees
Clark T. Sawin History Resource Center
Donate
Give Online
Research Accomplishments
Ridgway Legacy Fund
Samuel Refetoff Fund
Valerie Anne Galton Fund
Memorial or Tribute Gift Donation
Workplace Giving
Estate and Planned Giving
Donate by Mail/Fax/Phone
Home » About the ATA® – Mission, Values, Goals » Terms of UseUpdated February 20, 2020
Legal Notice, Disclaimer, and Terms of Use
Access to and use of the American Thyroid Association® Web site (www.thyroid.org) is provided subject to these terms and conditions. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY AS USE OF THIS SITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
The American Thyroid Association® may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement. Accordingly, you agree to review this agreement periodically, and your continued use of this site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified agreement.
Use of Material
The information, artwork, text, video, audio, or pictures (collectively, “Materials”) contained on the American Thyroid Association® Website are protected by copyright laws. You may only access and use the Materials for personal or educational purposes. You may not modify or use the Materials for any other purpose without the American Thyroid Association’s express written consent. Except as provided below, you may not reproduce, republish, post, transmit or distribute any Materials on the American Thyroid Association® Website.
You may print Materials on the American Thyroid Association® Website for personal or educational purposes only, and you must include any copyright notice originally included with the Materials in all copies.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Site, you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or any applicable laws.
Users will not use this site as a means to distribute advertising or other unsolicited material to any third party.
Privacy
The American Thyroid Association® (ATA)® is committed to protecting your online privacy and security of personal information. We feel it is important for you to know how we handle information we receive from you via the internet. In general, you can visit www.thyroid.org without revealing any personal information. However, you are required to provide personal information to gain access to some of our content and services, as explained in our Privacy Policy.
Medical Disclaimer
The information contained in or made available through the American Thyroid Association® Website is not intended to replace the services of a trained health professional or to be a substitute for medical advice of physicians. The user should consult a physician in all matters relating to his or her health, and particularly in respect to any symptoms that may require diagnosis or medical attention. All health and health-related information contained within this Web site is intended to be general in nature and should
not be used as a substitute for a visit with a health care professional. Your health care provider should be consulted in regard to matters concerning the medical condition, treatment and needs of your family.
The American Thyroid Association® makes no representations or warranties with respect to any information offered or provided within or through the American Thyroid Association Website regarding treatment, action, or application of medication. Neither the American Thyroid Association® nor any of its Affiliates will be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages arising therefrom.
Sites Linked From the American Thyroid Association® Website
The sites linked from the American Thyroid Association® Website are not under American Thyroid Association’s control, and the American Thyroid Association® does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials available at such linked sites.
ATA® Advertising Policy:
ATA® does not develop, exert any editorial or other control, or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness, of the materials, information, advertising or promotional activities (“Content”). Inclusion of Content does not constitute or imply endorsement, agreement, recommendation, or favoring by ATA® of such information or the entities mentioned or promoted herein. Use of any Content appearing or referenced or obtained from advertisers is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review by qualified experts. ATA® is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use of, reference to, reliance on, or performance pursuant to such Content.
Linking to the American Thyroid Association® Website
The American Thyroid Association® (ATA)® encourages links to its public Web resources. Individuals or organizations wishing to link to the ATA Web site should direct their link to www.thyroid.org. If a description is to be provided with the link, ATA® would prefer the following wording:
The American Thyroid Association® (ATA)® , founded in 1923 as the American Goiter Association, is a nonprofit professional medical society comprised of physicians and scientists dedicated to enhancing the understanding of thyroid physiology and pathophysiology, improving diagnosis and treatment of thyroid diseases, and promoting the education of physicians, patients, and the public about thyroid disorders.
In the 95 years of its existence, the ATA has grown to more than 1500 clinicians and research scientists in the field of thyroidology. Thyroid diseases are among the most common disorders of the endocrine system, affecting almost 13 million Americans alone. Advances in understanding the causes and improving the clinical management of thyroid diseases are evolving at a rapid pace in the current era of biomedical discovery.
The abbreviated description “The Website of the American Thyroid Association® (www.thyroid.org)” is also acceptable.
Links to individual pages within the ATA® Web site are also permissible; provided attribution is made to ATA® and any descriptive notes accurately reflect the content of the linked page(s).
Endorsements
Endorsement of educational material or programs, events, and other products developed outside of the ATA® .
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall the American Thyroid Association® be liable for any losses or damages whatsoever, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, from the use of, or reliance on, the Information, or from the use of the Internet generally.
By using this site, you expressly agree to be bound to the foregoing terms and conditions.
Trademarks
AMERICAN THYROID ASSOCIATION® , ATA® , THYROID® , CLINICAL THYROIDOLOGY® , and the distinctive circular logo are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as trademarks of the American Thyroid Association® , Inc.
MEETINGS
ATA 2020 10-Webinar Summer Series
Personalized Approach to Thyroid Disorders
Controversies in Thyroidology
Annual Scientific Abstracts
Exhibit Partnerships
RESOURCES
ATA Clinical Calculators
Thyroid Career Postings
History Timeline
THYROID NEWS
Current Thyroid News
Press Releases & Announcements
Thyroid Condition Brochures
Members
My Member Login
Renew Your Membership
Member Benefits & Categories
Meet our Members!
ATA Member Newsletters
PARTNERS
Corporate Leadership Council (CLC)
Virtual Exhibit Hall
PublicationsATA Member Thyroid Journal Bundle Access
ATA Professional Guidelines
Guideline Pocketcards
Clinical Thyroidology for the Public (CTFP)
AWARDS
Recognition
ATA Research
Trainee Poster Contest Winners
Search
About the ATA
Mission, Vision, Goals
Leadership
Staff
Contact
ATA Headquarters
6066 Leesburg Pike Suite 550
Falls Church, VA 22041
Contact Form
Legal
Privacy |
Terms of Use
AMERICAN THYROID ASSOCIATION® , ATA® , THYROID® , CLINICAL THYROIDOLOGY® , and the distinctive circular logo are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as trademarks of the American Thyroid Association® , Inc.
© 2020 American Thyroid Association.