http://www.einstein.edu/urology/conditions/kidney-stones
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Urology / Conditions & Treatments / Kidney Stones
Urology
Urology Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Kidney Stones
As one of the region’s top kidney stone facilities, Einstein Healthcare Network’s experts - led by Justin Friedlander, MD - combine cutting-edge treatment with preventative medicine and education to manage and eradicate kidney stones.
Using the most minimally invasive treatment options available, we develop personalized treatment plans focused on patient comfort and delivering the best possible outcomes.
Understanding Kidney Stones
Your kidneys serve an important function in your body, by removing waste products and excess fluid to create urine, helping to maintain a stable balance of body chemicals.
When crystal-forming substances such as calcium, oxalate and uric acid become too concentrated in urine, they can develop into kidney stones. In some cases, this can be caused by genetic conditions such as cystinuria, which prevents certain proteins from being reabsorbed into the bloodstream. Other risk factors may include a family history, frequent dehydration, diets high in sodium, obesity and other digestive diseases.
One in 11 adults in the United States will experience a kidney stone in their lifetime. Some kidney stones are as small as a grain of sand, but they can grow and require complex surgical treatment if left untreated. Symptoms that you may have kidney stones include:
Severe pain in the side and back, below the ribs
Pain that radiates to the lower abdomen and groin
Pain that comes in waves and fluctuates in intensity
Pain during urination
Pink, red or brown urine
Cloudy or foul-smelling urine
Nausea and vomiting
Learn more about kidney stones from our infographic below.
Kidney Stone Treatments
Through Einstein’s Kidney Stone Center, our team offers a full range of kidney stone treatments, including:
Medical Management
If you are at high risk of developing kidney stones, our team at Einstein can help prevent kidney stones from occurring by evaluating your diet and lifestyle, and working with you to develop a personalized plan that may include medication, regular monitoring and lifestyle changes.
Shockwave Lithotripsy
Using high-energy waves to break kidney stones into very small fragments that can easily be passed through urine, this minimally invasive, nonsurgical treatment is effective for smaller stones, but may not work on large or dense stones, or those in difficult locations.
Ureteroscopy and Laser Lithotripsy
Using a laser to break up kidney stones and a small telescope inserted through the urinary pathway to remove the fragments, this treatment requires no incision and is often used to remove larger stones. Multiple treatments may be required.
Percutaneous Nephrolithotomy
Large, dense or otherwise impervious kidney stones are typically removed using a device that is inserted directly into the kidney through a small 1-centimeter incision. A short hospital stay is required; however, the treatment is extremely effective and typically requires just one procedure.
Schedule an Appointment
Reach out to a board-certified urologist at our convenient Philadelphia and Montgomery County Urology offices today.
Request an Appointment
Learn More About Kidney Stones
Kidney Stones Specialists
Justin I. Friedlander, MD
View All
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Kidney Stone Resources
Meet Dr. Justin Friedlander
6 Tips for Preventing Kidney Stones
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of urology and are actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.