https://www.thegraycenter.org/terms/
Terms of the Site
Terms
This web page represents a legal document that serves as our Terms of Service and it governs the legal terms of our website, https://www.thegraycenter.org, sub-domains, and any associated web-based and mobile applications (collectively, “Website”), as owned and operated by TheGrayCenter.
Capitalized terms, unless otherwise defined, have the meaning specified within the Definitions section below. This Terms of Service, along with our Privacy Policy, any mobile license agreement, and other posted guidelines within our Website, collectively “Legal Terms”, constitute the entire and only agreement between you and TheGrayCenter, and supersede all other agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to our Website and the subject matter contained herein. We may amend our Legal Terms at any time without specific notice to you. The latest copies of our Legal Terms will be posted on our Website, and you should review all Legal Terms prior to using our Website. After any revisions to our Legal Terms are posted, you agree to be bound to any such changes to them.
Therefore, it is important for you to periodically review our Legal Terms to make sure you still agree to them.
By using our Website, you agree to fully comply with and be bound by our Legal Terms. Please review them carefully. If you do not accept our Legal Terms, do not access and use our Website. If you have already accessed our Website and do not accept our Legal Terms, you should immediately discontinue use of our Website.
The last update to our Terms of Service was posted on May 14, 2013.
Definitions
The terms “us” or “we” or “our” refers to TheGrayCenter, the owner of the Website.
A “Visitor” is someone who merely browses our Website, but has not registered as Member.
A “Member” is an individual that has registered with us to use our Service.
Our “Service” represents the collective functionality and features as offered through our Website to our Members.
A “User” is a collective identifier that refers to either a Visitor or a Member.
All text, information, graphics, audio, video, and data offered through our Website are collectively known as our “Content”.
Legal Compliance
You agree to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our Website. TheGrayCenter reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of our Legal Terms and to take any action we deem appropriate, including but not limited to canceling your Member account, reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to your profile, email addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information, as allowed under our Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. By linking to these websites, we do not create or have an affiliation with, or sponsor such third party websites. The inclusion of links within our Website does not constitute any endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or recommendation of such third party websites. TheGrayCenter has no control over the legal documents and privacy practices of third party websites; as such, you access any such third party websites at your own risk.
General Terms
Our Legal Terms shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Chittagong, Bangladesh, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Chittagong, Bangladesh, without regard to conflict of law principles. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. Any cause of action by you with respect to our Website, must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. Should any part of our Legal Terms be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that any Content in our Website conflicts or is inconsistent with our Legal Terms, our Legal Terms shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of our Legal Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. The rights of TheGrayCenter under our Legal Terms shall survive the termination of our Legal Terms.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was last updated and posted on May 15, 2013. It governs the privacy terms of our Website, located. Any capitalized terms not defined in our Privacy Policy, have the meaning as specified in our Terms of Service.
Your Privacy:
TheGrayCenter follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions section below.
Information We Collect
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website.
As a Visitor, you can browse our website to find out more about our Website. You are not required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information as a Visitor.
Computer Information Collected
When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered Non Personal Information. We also collect the following:
Cookies
Our Website uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Automatic Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you’re headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our Website.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we receive from you as follows:
Customizing Our Website:
We may use the Personally Identifiable information you provide to us along with any computer information we receive to customize our Website.
Data Aggregation:
We retain the right to collect and use any Non Personal Information collected from your use of our Website and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to others. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information included in such data aggregations.
Legally Required Releases of Information
We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of TheGrayCenter, our Users, employees, and affiliates.
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or Policy, please contact with TheGrayCenter.
The Gray Center StoresComputer Software - 756 items
Internet Marketing - 644 items
PC Programs - 588 items
WordPress Plugins - 272 items
SEO Tools - 189 items
Miscellaneous Products - 149 items
Themes Extensions - 119 items