http://www.cooperhealth.org/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Updates
Click here to learn about how Cooper is keeping you healthy and safe during your visit.
Visitor restrictions remain in effect.
To schedule a telemedicine visit for routine or follow-up care, call 800.8.COOPER.
Breadcrumb
Home  /
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This website is not designed to and does not provide medical advice, professional diagnosis, opinion, treatment, or services. Medical information provided by the Cooper University Health Care website is for informational and educational purposes only. After reading articles or other content from this website, you are encouraged to review the information carefully with your physician. Never disregard professional medical advice, delay in seeking treatment, or rely on the information contained on this website in place of seeking professional medical advice. Information sent through e-mail should not be considered as a medical consultation, nor is it meant to replace the physician's decisions about the appropriateness or risks of a procedure given to a patient. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately.
Medical information changes constantly and Cooper University Health Care does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, timeliness, or completeness of any of the information on this site or on the linked websites and is not responsible for any errors, omissions, or any consequences arising from the use of the information contained at this or any linked website.
References to any entity, product, service, or source of information not related to Cooper University Health Care, Cooper University Hospital, or The Cooper Health System in this website should not be considered an endorsement, either direct or implied, by Cooper University Health Care, Cooper University Hospital, or The Cooper Health System. Cooper University Health Care does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be provided on any linked websites. The linked websites may contain text, graphics, images or information that you find offensive. Cooper University Health Care has no control over and accepts no responsibility for such materials.
We hope that you find cooperhealth.org  useful in providing information about our health care organization and in helping you make your own health care decisions.
Participation Guidelines
We encourage your comments on our various blogs and social media pages, and hope you will join our discussions. Please be aware that we can’t respond to every comment, particularly those that deal with individual medical cases and issues. We also review all comments before they’re posted, and those that are off-topic or clearly promoting a commercial product will be removed.
We also strive to maintain a level of civility within our blogs and social media pages. While comments that disagree with posts or other comments or present an alternate viewpoint are fine, mutual respect for all participants must be maintained and profanity or abusive language is not allowed at any time.
Please remember that when you post a comment to a blog or a public social media page, it is published for the world to see. For your own privacy and that of your family, you should consider carefully how much detailed personal medical information linked to your name you want published on the Internet.
Comment Policy
By posting any comments, posts or other material on Cooper-sponsored blogs, you give the Cooper Health System (“Cooper”) the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display, edit, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise use your submission for any purpose in any form and on any media.
You also agree that you will not:
Post material that infringes on the rights of any third party, including intellectual property, privacy or publicity rights.
Post material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by Cooper in its sole discretion.
Post advertisements or solicitations of business.
Post chain letters or pyramid schemes.
Impersonate another person.
Allow any other person or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing comments.
Post the same note more than once or “spam.”
Cooper reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
Remove communications that are abusive, illegal or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform with these Terms and Conditions.
Terminate a user’s access to the blog feature upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Edit or delete any communications posted on the blog feature, regardless of whether such communications violate these standards.
Finally, you agree that you will indemnify Cooper against any damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of a claim by a third party relating to any material you have posted.
Appointments
Pay My Bill
MyCooper
Make an Appointment
800.8.COOPER
800.826.6737
Request Online
Stay Connected
Subscribe to our monthly newsletters.
Sign Up
Menu
1.800.8.COOPER
800.826.6737
1.800.8.COOPER
800.826.6737
Home
Search
Main Navigation
Find a Doctor
Services
Locations
Patients & Visitors
About Us
Make an Appointment
Pay My Bill
myCooper
Utility Bottom
Careers
What's Happening
Classes & Events
Contact Us
Give to Cooper
Medical Professionals
Physician Referrals
Education & Research
This site uses cookies
We respect your privacy. Cookies help us give you a better experience on our site. By continuing to use this website, you accept and agree to such use of cookies.
Click here for information on how we use cookies.
Accept