http://www.hov.org/privacy-policy/
(602) 530-6900  |  Locations
Privacy Policy
Hospice of the Valley is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. The only way we can acquire information about you is when you voluntarily give it to us. We will not sell your information to outside parties.
By using this website, you are accepting our practices, described as follows:
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our site, such as a job or volunteer application; donation; the purchase of an item through our online store, or a story or comment you contribute.
What do we do with the information?
We use the information for the purpose stated on the form you fill out. These purposes include:
To process transactions.
To send periodic emails.
To evaluate applications for jobs and volunteer positions.
To solicit feedback about your experience with our agency.
How can users change their mind about receiving emails?
Our online communications have an option for users to opt out of receiving further mailings.
How do we protect your information?
Hospice of the Valley has taken reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to stored personal data but does not warrant the security of personal information that you transmit over the Internet. The companies we contract with to handle transactions and applications also have security measures in place and do not sell or convey your information to others.
Are there any exceptions?
Hospice of the Valley reserves the right to disclose your personal information in response to a legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.  We also reserve the right to void any transactions that are considered fraudulent.
Does your privacy policy apply to websites with links on your website?
No it does not. If you click on a link that takes you to another website, please review the privacy policy for that site.
If you have questions or comments about our privacy policy, please address an email to bmedlyn@hov.org.
How does Hospice of the Valley use our patients' healthcare information?
For information on how Hospice of the Valley uses our patients’ healthcare information, see our Notice of Privacy Practices and Notice of Health Information Practices.