http://www.cancer.ie/about-us/about-the-irish-cancer-society/our-policies/irish-cancer-society-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
About the Irish Cancer Society
Our policies
Irish Cancer Society Privacy Policy
Irish Cancer Society Privacy Policy
Irish Cancer Society linking policy
Information on credit card and debit card security
Irish Cancer Society Privacy Policy
Share
Share via Twitter
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Email
The Irish Cancer Society respects your right to privacy and complies with its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The goal of this privacy policy is to help you understand how the Society deals with any personal data you provide when you visit its website or interact with the Society online through email, social media and other channels.
By visiting www.cancer.ie and other Irish Cancer Society online channels, you are accepting the terms of this privacy policy.
This website contains external links to other websites and the Society is not held responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites.
What type of information about you do we collect?
You may browse our site anonymously but certain functions and pages may be unavailable to you.
We collect information from you when you visit our website, register for our online community, place an order or make a donation, subscribe to our email newsletter, and fill out a form.
When making a donation, registering for a campaign or event, or ordering a product on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to provide personal details such as name, contact details, address, and payment information as needed.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide cancer information and support services
We collect and store personal data in order to provide services for people affected by cancer. This includes our Cancer Nurseline, Daffodil Centres, Survivor Support Programme, Night Nursing, Volunteer Driver Service, Travel2Care, Survivors Support Programme, local affiliated cancer support centres and our online community.
Cancer nurses may collect sensitive personal data about your health when you speak, email, direct message, or send enquiries to them. They will use this information to answer your questions and give advice or support.
We may also use this information for training, quality monitoring or evaluating the services we provide.
Posts in our online community are anonymous but may contain sensitive information about yourself or your loved ones.
We advise our online community members to be careful not to post information about themselves which would allow them to be identified.
We may also collect and retain your data if you send feedback about any of our services or make a complaint. Read more about complaints policy.
To process payments, fulfil online orders and confirm transactions
Example: Donating or purchasing online, or paying an event registration fee. We will use your information to complete your order and to follow up, where relevant or requested, by email, phone or post on any transactions and issue payment receipts.
To improve our website and provide a personalised experience for you
We continually try to improve our website based on the anonymous information and feedback we receive from you.
We want your visit to our website to be a useful one, making sure you are able to find the information that you’re looking for and that is relevant to you.
To keep you informed about what we’re doing in the fight against cancer
If you have signed up for the Irish Cancer Society’s email newsletter, you will receive this email periodically throughout the year. At any time you can unsubscribe from receiving future emails by emailing e-newsletter@irishcancer.ie or by clicking the 'Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of every email.
To let you know other ways you can get involved in our fundraising and campaigns
From time to time we will use your postal address to send you updates on the impact of your donation, and let you know how you can get involved in our fundraising and campaigns.
We may also contact you by phone and email if you have given us consent to do so.
We will always respect your privacy and will always give you the option to stop hearing from us.
To communicate Irish Cancer Society messages to you through other media channels
We may use your information for re-marketing and advertising purposes across other online channels like Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc., where your information will be kept safe and secure and not shared with any further third parties. At any time you can request your information not be shared with these channels by sending a request to dataprotect@irishcancer.ie.
How do we protect your personal information?
We use a variety of security measures to securely process and keep your personal information safe when you interact with our website.
We use a secure server so that all supplied sensitive/payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database (Global Payments, Stripe and PayPal). When you make an online transaction, our payment providers provide us only with the following details: the final 4 digits of your card number, the card type and the expiry date.
We do not see or store your full card details when you make an online transaction.
The Society takes, and will continue to take, all reasonable steps (which includes relevant technical and organisational measures) to guarantee the safety of the data you provide to us and we will only use the data for the intended purpose.
However, the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet will be 100% secure.
Do we use cookies on our website?
Yes. We use cookies to improve your experience on our site, tell us which parts of the site you have visited, and personalise our communications with you. You can accept or reject these cookies before using the site. You can review your selection at any time by selecting the cookie icon on the bottom left of your screen.
You can learn more about our cookie policy here.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
The information you provide when interacting with our website will be kept securely and used by the Irish Cancer Society in order to make your interaction with the Society possible. Your information will only be shared with selected third-party service providers, contracted by the Irish Cancer Society to assist with our operations. Your information will not be shared with any other organisation, other than with your permission, or where required by law.
We also reserve the right to enforce our site policies in order to protect our rights and the rights of other individuals in a manner that is safe and compliant with the law.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. For example, we may disclose the total number of visits to our website.
You control your information
All registered users of our online community may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel of the relevant section and going to the 'Edit profile' page.
The Irish Cancer Society is committed to upholding the rights of individuals and have processes in place for providing individuals' access to their personal information. A subject access request (SAR) is a request for access to the personal information that the Irish Cancer Society holds about you, which we are required to provide under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) unless an exemption applies.
You can make this request in writing using our downloadable request form.
Where requested, we will provide the following information:
The purposes of the processing of your personal data;
What kind of personal data is stored;
Where this data is stored;
How long your data is stored.
Your request will be completed in 30 days in an electronic format.
Online privacy policy only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website, email and social media networks, and not to information collected offline.
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to our privacy policy (this page).
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to make changes to our privacy policy at any time without prior consultation; these changes will be posted on this page together with the privacy policy revision date.
Contacting us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Data Protection Officer, Irish Cancer Society
43/45 Northumberland Road
Dublin, D04 VX65
Website: www.cancer.ieEmail: dataprotect@irishcancer.ieTelephone: + 353 1 231 0500
© Irish Cancer Society 1999-2020 All Rights Reserved
Irish Cancer Society Head office, 43/45 Northumberland Road Dublin, D04 VX65; Charity Regulatory Authority No. 20009502; Revenue Number CHY5863; Company Number 20868.
Housekeeping
Contact us
Jobs
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Website terms & conditions
Web Design and Development by Annertech