http://www.overlakehospital.org/online-privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Online Privacy Notice
Breadcrumb
Home
Share
Copy Link
This online privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Overlake Hospital Medical Center and Overlake Medical Clinics (hereafter, “Overlake Medical Center and Clinics,” “our,” “we,” or “us”). This notice applies solely to information collected or received by “overlakehospital.org” and “healthyoutlook.overlakehospital.org” (hereafter, “Sites”). We respect your privacy and are committed to the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. This policy describes what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Sites, how it is used, with whom it may be shared, and how you may update the information or opt out.
By accessing our Sites, you agree to the terms of this policy and our use and disclosure of your information in compliance with this notice. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites.
Important Note Regarding Notice of Privacy Practices
This online privacy notice does not describe how we use or disclose any medical information. For information on your health privacy, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Any information submitted by users of the Sites is for the exclusive use of Overlake Medical Center and Clinics as well as our contractors that are involved in the operation of Overlake Medical Center and Clinics’ activities and website operations. Overlake Medical Center and Clinics is the sole owner of the information collected on the Sites. We only have access to information you voluntarily give us via email, signup forms, contact forms, registration forms, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or license this information to any third parties. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization unless the third party provides services on our behalf (such as email newsletters or class registration) or if it is required by law (such as to comply with a subpoena or legal process).
Security
Overlake Medical Center and Clinics will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. We also protect your information offline. Only employees or contractors who need the information to perform a specific task (for example, developing educational resources) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers in which we store personally identifiable information are maintained in a secure environment.
Emails that you send through the Sites may not be private or secure. We cannot provide assurances that emails will not be accessible to third parties. Please do not send us health information or sensitive information via email.
Tracking and Collection of Anonymous Information
We keep track of visits to our site through Google Analytics. This application tells us how many visits are made, the date and time of day of visits, which areas of the site are visited, your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, the uniform resource locator (URL) of the website you linked from, and the type of browser and operating system you use. Google Analytics does not provide us with personal information about you. We cannot determine your name or address or other personal information about you. This information is solely utilized to evaluate the effectiveness of our site.
You may opt out of Google Analytics. You may also opt out of certain tracking by third party advertisers by visiting Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of visitors to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any information about your health history.
Children
Our Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age and no one under the age of 13 may provide any information to or on our Sites. Personally identifiable information is not knowingly collected from children under the age of 13. If we are made aware that information from a child under 13 has been collected without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [insert email or telephone].
Revisions
We may revise this policy and will post changes on the Sites to reflect new features or as state and federal laws change. The use of our Sites following the changes will mean you accept these changes.
Opt-Out
We may ask for additional information in order to provide you services, educational materials, or other materials that we believe you would find of interest. We offer an opt in/out option which is stored with your account. We will continue to send information to you as long as you opt to receive it. You can opt out by email or call (425) 467-3548.
Questions
If you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our privacy officer at (425) 688-5628.
Changes to the Online Privacy Statement
Updated December 21, 2018
Subscribe to Healthy Outlook
Email
Your privacy is important to us. Submission of this form is subject to our online privacy policy.