http://www.mdh.org/services/mdh_medical_group/clinic_policies_and_procedures.aspx
About UsClinic Policies and Procedures
Clinic Policies and Procedures
For your convenience, we have provided office policy information below.
Some information is provided simply for your review so you may be well
informed of your rights and obligations as a patient. If you have any
questions or concerns regarding these policies, clinic registration staff
will be glad to answer any questions you may have. Please call your provider's
office directly with any questions.
Appointments and Reminders
To schedule, cancel, or modify an appointment, you may call any provider's
office directly. Clinic staff are available by phone Monday-Friday, 8
a.m. - 5 p.m. Please call at least 24 hours in advance if you need to
change your appointment so we can schedule another patient at that time.
We ask that you arrive 15 minutes early for an office appointment to update
forms as necessary. If you have opted in to the service, a reminder for
your scheduled appointment will be provided by telephone call in the days
leading up to your appointment.
Referrals to Our Specialists
Some medical conditions may require a referral to a specialist in a particular
field of medicine. If this is the case, you will most likely need to see
your primary care provider first. This is because your medical records
are maintained by your primary care provider who understands your medical
condition along with your medical history and course of treatment. Therefore,
your primary care provider can recommend what specialists would be appropriate to visit.
If referred to a specialist, your insurance plan may require referral paperwork
or other authorization for visits to any of our specialty providers. Please
contact your primary care provider or insurance company for more information.
What to Bring to an Appointment
You can save time at the clinic by coming prepared to your visit with the
following:
Any paperwork the office has asked you to complete prior to arriving
Insurance card(s)
Photo ID
Medication bottles and supplements you are currently taking
A list of all allergies
A list of questions you want to ask your healthcare professional
A list of any medications you need refilled
New Prescriptions/Prescription Refill
The following guidelines for new prescriptions and prescription refills
are provided to ensure you receive quality care and service:
For medication to be effective, it should be taken exactly as your provider
prescribes. It is much easier to evaluate the progress made with a medication
if a patient has remained compliant with instructions.
A new antibiotic or an antibiotic refill is not provided without an evaluation
first. Contact your provider's office to schedule an appointment. If your
prescription bottle indicates you have refills left, you do not need to
call the office; your pharmacy will refill this for you.
It will generally take your provider 48-72 hours to contact your pharmacy
when issuing a refill request. Whenever you feel a medication is ineffective
or needs adjusting, call your provider's office to schedule an appointment.
After Hours Care
During normal business hours (8 a.m. – 5 p.m.), contact your provider’s
office directly. Outside of these hours, providers are on-call to direct
your care. If you have a situation that necessitates contacting your provider
during these off-hours, please call
(309) 833-4101 and your provider, or a covering provider, will be notified to return
your call. If you have an emergency that you would consider serious or
life-threatening, go directly to the Emergency Room or dial 9-1-1 for
emergency assistance.
If you are in need of medical care or treatment for an uncomplicated minor
illness, injury or skin condition, you may also visit the MDH Convenience
Clinic located at Health Services Building 2, 1st Floor.
MDH Convenience Clinic Normal Business Hours:
Monday - Thursday 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday - Sunday 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.
*For patients greater than 18 months old
Requesting Records
When requesting copies of your medical records, we ask that you please
allow a minimum of two business days to prepare your request for pick-up.
For your convenience, you may call and place your request by calling your
provider's office directly or you may print the
Authorization For Release of Medical Information Form and present it to your practitioner’s office.
A patient may request records for:
Personal use (charges will apply)
To leave your current practitioner and have your medical care transferred
to a new practitioner in another clinic (charges will apply)
When your practitioner has referred you to the care of another practitioner
or specialist (no charge)
No-Show Policy
Attending regularly scheduled appointments is necessary to provide quality
care. If you need to reschedule an appointment, adequate notice needs
to be given. Non-participation in treatment as exhibited by not coming
to scheduled appointments or excessive cancellations is cause for terminating
the provider/patient relationship. If you do not show or fail to cancel
an appointment at least 24 hours in advance for 2 consecutive appointments
or 3 appointments within a 12-month period, the provider may pursue closing
your case and terminating the relationship.
Arriving Late for an Appointment
If you arrive late for an appointment, you may be asked to reschedule.
Every attempt will be made to get you in to see your practitioner, but
this will depend on the remaining patient schedule and the availability
of the practitioner.
Patient Termination Policy
Although it is an infrequent occurrence, a provider/patient relationship
may be terminated. Reasons for termination include, but are not limited
to: use of foul language; chronic noncompliance with recommended therapy;
abusive behavior of staff, practitioners, visitors or other patients;
or other disruptive behavior. A patient whom is terminated will be notified
of the termination and given 30 days to locate another medical office
for their continued care. Patient termination can be recommended by the
patient's primary care provider but will be reviewed and decided upon
by a committee consisting of other staff and administration within MDH.
Patient Feedback/Advocacy
Our clinics welcome and encourage your feedback, both positive and negative.
Therefore, you may be randomly selected to receive a patient survey from
Press Ganey, the entity selected to conduct our patient opinion surveys.
If you do receive a survey in the mail, we encourage you to share your
opinions with us.
Further, if you feel a negative experience has occurred that requires prompt
attention, a system is in place to address these matters in a timely manner.
McDonough District Hospital’s Case Management assists with the coordination,
investigation, and resolution of any consumer complaint regarding either
your hospital experience or services received within one of our clinics.
Case Management may be contacted by calling
(309) 836-1636.
Privacy Policy
We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your medical information.
We are also required to notify you of our legal duties and privacy practices
regarding your medical information and abide by the terms of this Notice.
This Notice of Privacy Practices provides detailed information about how
we may use and disclose your medical information with or without authorization
as well as information about your specific rights with respect to your
medical information.
Accreditation
Business Development
Community Health Education
MDH Wellness Solutions Services
Support Groups
Screenings
Career Opportunities
Employee Benefits
Loans and Scholarships
Physician and Advanced Practice Opportunities
Clinic Policies and Procedures
History
Leadership
Board of Directors
Senior Leadership Team
Making Rounds
Mission, Vision, & Values
Public Notices
FOI Requirements
Request an Appointment
Virtual Tour