http://www.iceseminars.com/privacy-policy
Use the form on the right to contact us.
Email Address
*
Message
*
Thank you!
123 Street Avenue, City Town, 99999
(123) 555-6789
email@address.com
You can set your address, phone number, email and site description in the settings tab.Link to read me page with more information.
Home
ICE Video Library
Video Courses
Request a Trial
Faculty Toolkit
CEUs
Contact Us
ICE Learning Center
Info
Email
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & SecurityLast update: 10/12/15The information International Clinical Educators, Inc. (“ICE” or “We”) learns from its subscribers helps ICE continually improve the ICE Learning Center (“Service”) experience. Here are the types of information we gather.Information You Give Us: We receive and may store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Service features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future subscriptions for you, improving the subscription offerings, and communicating with you.Automatic Information: We receive and may store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the ICE website or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of the ICE website.Mobile: When you download or use Digital Content, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Does ICE Share the Information It Receives?Information about our clients is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share client information only as described below.Third-Party Service Providers: We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that ICE, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.Protection of ICE and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of ICE, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.How Secure Is Information About Me?We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.Conditions of Use, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit an ICE website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and dispute resolution. If you have any concern about privacy at ICE, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.Examples of Information CollectedAutomatic InformationExamples of the information we collect include personal information you provide us as part of your subscription (name, address, email address, phone number and the like), credit card numbers, payment information, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call us. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.MobileMost mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
About
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy