http://www.bafound.org/privacy-policy
Give now
Brain Aneurysm Awareness
About Brain Aneurysms
Brain Aneurysm Basics
Understanding the Brain
Warning Signs/Symptoms
Statistics and Facts
Causes/Risk Factors
Unruptured Aneurysm Basics
Ruptured Aneurysm Basics
Pediatric Aneurysms
Diagnosis and Screening
Diagnosis
Screening: Familial Aneurysms
Treatment
Unruptured Aneurysms
Ruptured Aneurysms
Surgical Treatment: Clipping
Endovascular Treatment
Advances in Endovascular Treatment
About AVM
About Us
BAF at a Glance
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Staff
Press Releases
Annual Reports
Tax Returns and Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Education
Publications
Resources
Webinars
Video
Blog
News
Newsletters
Books
Patient Support
Patient Resource Directory
Assistive Devices
Disability Resources
Government Assistance Programs
Legal Aid
Service Organizations
Transportation Issues
Recovery
Physical Changes
Social and Emotional Changes
Potential Deficits
Memory
Returning to Work and School
Aids to Recovery
Support Groups
Rehabilitation
Types of Rehabilitation
How to Choose a Rehabilitation Facility
Recovery at Home
Returning to Work
Impact on Relationships
Dealing with Financial Issues
Common Questions
How Long Until I Get Better?
Why am I so Tired?
How Do I Deal With Depression?
Learning Principles to Aid Recovery
The Memory Book
Support
Search Support Groups
Coping with Loss
Webinar Events
For Caregivers
How Can I Help
Resources for Caregiving
Dealing with Emotional Distress
Personal Stories
BAF Mobile App
Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Community
Ways to Help
2020 Global Brain Aneurysm Challenge
Events
Virtual Events – New
Webinar Events
Advocacy, Memorial, Other Ways to Help
Research
Research & Grants
Research Grant Awards
Chairs of Research
The Shirley Dudek Demmer Chair of Research
Cynthia Lynn Sherwin Chair of Research
Timothy P. Susco Chair of Research
The Christopher C. Getch, MD Chair of Research
Carol W. Harvey Memorial Chair of Research
Kristen’s Legacy of Love Chair of Research
Fight Like Frank Chair of Research
The Thomas J. Tinlin Chair of Research
The Danielle Lebron Guzman Chair of Research
The Strode Family Chair of Research
Sharon Epperson Chair of Research
Amy Harris Core Chair of Research
Taylor J. Richelsen Chair of Research
Applying for a Research Grant
Publications on BAF Funded Research Projects
Clinical Research Trials
Give Now
In My Area
Set my location
Support groups
AdventHealth Brain Aneurysm Support Group
Winter Park, FL
Learn more
Baltimore Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Group
Lutherville-Timonium, MD
Learn more
Bay Area Aneurysm and Vascular Malformation Support Group
San Francisco, CA
Learn more
Privacy Policy
The Brain Aneurysm Foundation has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL give.bafound.org.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. The Brain Aneurysm Foundation reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
1. What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site
2. Who collects such information
3. How such information is used
4. With whom your information may be shared
5. What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information
6. What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control
7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation.  Send us a message
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse
cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
All information provided to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of the Brain Aneurysm Foundation. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend:
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. The Brain Aneurysm Foundation will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. The Brain Aneurysm Foundation stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which the Brain Aneurysm Foundation has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
The Brain Aneurysm Foundation
Send us a message
BAF-Privacy-Statement
This site uses cookies
Our site uses cookies to personalize features and, via third-parties, to collect metrics on usage so that we can better tailor our site to the needs of our users. You can view our full cookie and privacy policies via the links below. To fully experience our site, please click Accept.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accept
Send Us a Message
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscit. Aenean ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis atoque penatibus.
Error message goes here. You must complete all required fields.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Subject
-- Select One --
3
4
5
Message*
Submit
Connect with Us
Please submit the form below to send us a message.
First Name*
Last Name*
Your Email* Please leave this field empty.
SubjectSite FeedbackPersonal StoryVolunteer InquiryGeneral Inquiry
Message*
5000
Share With Friend
Share to*
Your Message*
Submit
Contact Organizer
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit
Send Message
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit