https://www.mjhs.org/contact-us/privacy-statement/
Search for:
Privacy Statement
MJHS is committed to protecting your privacy online.
This website Privacy Statement describes MJHS’s privacy practices regarding information collected from users of this website. We will make every reasonable effort to safeguard any information we collect. MJHS does not sell your personal information, nor does MJHS use or share your personal information except as described in this website Privacy Statement or as permitted or required by law.
What information will MJHS collect?
You may choose to provide us with information, request that we send you information or have an MJHS representative contact you about our services. Personal information will not be collected from you without your knowledge.
Linking to other sites
From time to time, we will provide links to other websites not owned or controlled by MJHS. We do this because we think this information might be of interest or use to you. While we do our best to ensure your privacy, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. A link to a non-MJHS website does not constitute or imply endorsement by MJHS. Additionally, we cannot guarantee the quality or accuracy of information presented on non-MJHS websites. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of any website you visit.
What if I don’t want information about me to be collected?
Providing personal information through MJHS’s website is an option. Additionally, personal information will not be collected from you without your knowledge and approval.
How will information collected about me be used?
Information you share with us will be used in a variety of ways that let us serve you better. We may also use this information to perform administrative, technical, hosting or other functions that help us manage our site and deliver new functionality to you.
Use of electronic mail
We may provide email links on our site to further facilitate communication between MJHS and you. Information collected through electronic mail may be shared with our Customer Service Department, employees or other third parties that perform services on our behalf. Unless otherwise noted, electronic mail on our site is not a completely secure and confidential means of communication. Non-encrypted electronic communications may be accessed and viewed by other internet users without your knowledge and permission while in transit to us.
Does this website Privacy Statement apply to my health information at MJHS?
This website Privacy Statement only applies to information collected, used and/or disclosed through MJHS’s website.
Changes to our website Privacy Statement
MJHS may change this statement from time to time without notice. This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right for or on behalf of any party.
We hope to make your online experience enjoyable and secure, and we thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Statement.
About MJHS
Our History
Our Mission
Our Promise
Our Leadership
Career Opportunities
Agencies
MJHS Home Care
MJHS Hospice and Palliative Care
Menorah Center for Rehabilitation and Nursing Care
Isabella Center
Elderplan
HomeFirst
Institute for Innovation in Palliative Care
How Can We Help You?
Home Health Care
Surgery and Illness Rehabilitation Services
Long-Term Care Services | Nursing Centers and Managed Long-Term Care Plans
Comfort Care Services
Medicare and Medicaid Coverage
I would like to support MJHS
I would like to volunteer
Health Care Professionals
Request a Home Care Evaluation
Home Care Physicians’ Portal
Request a Hospice Evaluation
Hospice Physicians’ Portal
Interested in Professional Education?
Patient & Family Resources
Caring Connection
Contact MJHS
Support MJHS
Volunteer Opportunities with MJHS
Newsroom