https://www.va.gov/webpolicylinks.asp
skip to page content
Attention A T users.
To access the menus on this page please perform the following steps.
1. Please switch auto forms mode to off.
2. Hit enter to expand a main menu option (Health, Benefits, etc).
3. To enter and activate the submenu links, hit the down arrow.
You will now be able to tab or arrow up or down through the submenu options to access/activate the submenu links.
Get help from Veterans Crisis Line
Enter your search textButton to start search
site map [a-z]
Health
Health Care Information
A-Z Health Topic Finder
My HealtheVet
Prescriptions Refills
Schedule a VA Appointment
Crisis Prevention
Mental Health
PTSD
Public Health
VA MISSION Act
Benefits
General Benefits Information
Disability Compensation
Pension
GI Bill
®
Vocational Rehabilitation & Employment
Dependents' Educational Assistance
Survivor Benefits
Home Loans
Life Insurance
Appeals Modernization
Burials & Memorials
Cemetery Services
Burials
Headstones Markers & Medallions
Presidential Memorial Certificates
Cemeteries
Nationwide Gravesite Locator
Burial Flags
Burial Allowance
About VA
Inside VA
Secretary of VA
Executive Biographies
Organizations
History
Budget and Performance
VA Plans, Budget, & Performance
VA Center for Innovation (VACI)
Agency Financial Report (AFR)
Budget Submission
Recovery Act
Resources
Explore your VA Benefits
Business
Congressional Affairs
Jobs
Benefits Booklet
Data & Statistics
VA Open Data
VA App Store
National Resource Directory
Veterans Service Organizations
Office of Accountability & Whistleblower Protection
News Room
Inside the News Room
Public Affairs
News Releases
Speeches
Videos
Publications
National Observances
Veterans Day
Memorial Day
Celebrating America's Freedoms
Special Events
Adaptive Sports Program
Creative Arts Festival
Golden Age Games
Summer Sports Clinic
Training – Exposure – Experience (TEE) Tournament
Wheelchair Games
Winter Sports Clinic
Locations
Hospitals & Clinics
Vet Centers
Regional Benefits Offices
Regional Loan Centers
Cemetery Locations
Contact Us
FAQs
Ask a Question
Toll Free Numbers
I AM A...
Select One
Veteran
Active Duty Service Member
Caregiver/Family Member
Dependent/Survivor
National Guard/Reserve
Clinician/Researcher/Trainee
For Veterans
Benefit Information
Agent Orange
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
eBenefits
Benefit & Claim Status (Registration Required)
Disability Benefits Questionnaires (DBQ)
Unemployability/TDIU
Fiduciary Program
Pensions
Identification Card (VIC)
Claims
Benefits (Registration Required)
Appeals
Direct Deposit
Beneficiary Enrollment Form 24-0296 (PDF)
Education
Veterans Retraining Assistance Program (VRAP)
Web Automated Verification of Enrollment (W.A.V.E.) (Registration Required)
GI Bill
Survivors Education & Assistance Benefits (Chapter 35)
Vocational Rehabilitation
Veterans Education Assistance Program (VEAP)
Home Loans
Programs
Determine Your Eligibility
Certificate of Eligibility
Apply (Registration Required)
Status (Registration Required)
Veterans Information Portal (WebLGY) (Registration Required)
Insurance
Veterans Group Life Insurance (VGLI)
Service Members' Group Life Insurance (SGLI)
Family Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance (FSGLI)
Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance Traumatic Injury Protection (TSGLI)
Service-Disabled Veterans Insurance (S-DVI)
Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance (VMLI)
Health Resources
Agent Orange
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Dental Care
Blue Button
Download Your Own VA Medical Records
Order Hearing Aids
Batteries (for Hearing Aids & Other Devices)
Manage Your Prescriptions at Your Local VA Medical Center
Manage Your Prescription Refills with My HealtheVet (Registration Required)
Disability Benefits Questionnaires (DBQ)
Patient Advocate (Please contact your local VA Medical Center)
Mental Health
Appointments
Health (Please contact your local VA Medical Center)
Track Your Appointments with My HealtheVet (Registration Required)
Travel Pay/Reimbursement
Extended Care & Assisted Living
Aid & Attendance & Housebound
Caregivers
Community Living Centers (CLC)
Community Nursing Homes
Domiciliaries (Please contact your local VA Medical Center)
Homemaker & Home Health Aid Care
Hospice and Palliative Care
State Veterans Homes
Bill Pay
For Family Members & Spouses
CHAMPVA (Family Members Insurance)
eBenefits
Fiduciary Program
Burials & Memorials
Headstones, Markers, & Medallions
For Employees
Build Your Career
Education
Talent Management System (TMS) (Registration Required)
VA Acquisition Academy
VA Electronic Health University (VEHU) (Registration Required)
VA Learning University (VALU) (Registration Required)
Direct Deposit Sign-Up Form SF 1199A (PDF)
Human Resources
iCare
Personal Identification Verification (PIV) Card
Security Investigation Center/Background Investigations
Travel & Reimbursement
For Business
Doing Business with VA
Acquisition, Logistics, & Construction
Small &amp Veteran Business Programs
VetBiz.va.gov
Financial & Asset Enterprise Management
Security Investigation Center/Background Clearances
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)/Privacy Act Requests
VA Forms
Forms & Publications
Forms
Popular Forms
DD-214 —“ Report of Separation
21-4138 —“ Statement in Support of Claim (PDF)
22-1995 —“ Request for Change of Program or Place of Training (PDF)
21-526 —“ Application for Compensation and/or Pension (PDF)
22-1990 —“ Application for Education Benefits (PDF)
Health Benefits Renewal
21-2680 —“ Exam for Housebound Status or Permanent Need for Regular Aid and Attendance (PDF)
Apply for Health Care
21-534 —“ Application for Dependency & Indemnity Compensation (DIC), Death Pension & Accrued Benefits by a Surviving Spouse or Child (PDF)
Publications
Jobs
Veterans Employment Center
Volunteer or Donate
Public & Intergovernmental Affairs
VA » Website Policies and Other Important Links
Website Policies and Other Important Links
The Department of Veterans Affairs Policy on Links:
The Department of Veterans Affairs is committed to providing quality information and service to our veterans and to other patrons of our Internet website(s). We are required to honor the rules that govern all of our Internet activities; those activities include posting links to specific types of information as required by law and posting other links on VA web pages that are deemed appropriate because they serve the mission of VA and are relevant and useful to VA's website visitors.
The required links that must appear on this page are posted below and provide information about the topics shown on the link labels.
Please click on the links to access the information pertaining to that topic.
Disclaimer - pertains to references on VA's web site to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, and that those reference do not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government.
Warning Notice - notice regarding the intended use of a VA website and its authorized use.
Privacy Policy - pertains to VA's commitment to protecting the privacy of all website visitors and addresses specific privacy protections afforded by VA.
>Section 508 Accessibility - pertains to the requirement to make online information and services fully available to individuals with disabilities.
Security Protocols to Protect Information* - pertains to providing a secure environment for the exchange of information between the Agency and veterans and other website patrons.
Information Quality - pertains to the requirement that information provided by VA on the Internet should be complete and accurate to the maximum extent possible.
Digital Rights, Copyright, Trademark, and Patent Laws* - pertains to using copyrighted, patented and trademarked information.
Policy on Links to Other Information* - pertains to links to non-VA websites for information.
Freedom of Information Act - also known as FOIA. The FOIA provides that any person has a right of access to Federal agency records, except to the extent that such records are protected from release by a FOIA exemption or a special law enforcement record exclusion.
All information about FOIA and how to obtain information using FOIA can be obtained by clicking on this link.
Web Content Inventory and Publication Schedule - this link goes to VA's inventory of information that is published on its websites, its publication schedule, and its priorities.
Equal Employment Opportunity Data Posted Pursuant to the No Fear Act - also known as the No Fear Act, which requires all federal agencies to post summary statistical data pertaining to complaints of employment discrimination filed against it by employees, former employees and applicants for employment. The posting of equal employment opportunity (EEO) data on agency public web sites is intended to assist Congress, Federal agencies and the public to assess whether and the extent to which agencies are living up to their EEO responsibilities.
Regulatory Flexibility Act (Small Business) - Per Executive Order 13272 the Department of Veterans Affairs will give proper consideration to the impact of its rulemaking activities on small entities.
VA’s Significant Guidance Documents - Review VA’s "Significant Guidance Documents."
www.regulations.gov* - Portal for federal rulemaking allowing the public to find, review, and submit comments on federal documents that are open for comment and published in the Federal Register.
*External Link Disclaimer: You are now leaving the Department of Veterans Affairs Web Site.
return to top
CONNECT
Veterans Crisis Line:
1-800-273-8255 (Press 1)
Social Media
Complete Directory
EMAIL UPDATES
VA HOME
Notices
Privacy
FOIA
Regulations
Web Policies
No FEAR Act
Whistleblower Rights & Protections
Site Index
USA.gov
White House
Inspector General
QUICK LIST
Apply for Benefits
Apply for Health Care
Prescriptions
My HealtheVet
eBenefits
Life Insurance Online Applications
VA Forms
State and Local Resources
Strat Plan FY 2014–2020
VA Plans, Budget, & Performance
VA Claims Representation
RESOURCES
Careers at VA
Employment Center
Returning Service Members
Vocational Rehabilitation & Employment
Homeless Veterans
Women Veterans
Minority Veterans
Plain Language
Surviving Spouses & Dependents
Adaptive Sports Program
ADMINISTRATION
Veterans Health Administration
Veterans Benefits Administration
National Cemetery Administration
Get help from Veterans Crisis Line
Call 1-800-273-8255 (Press 1)
Text to 838255
Chat confidentially now
If you are in crisis or having thoughts of suicide,
visit VeteransCrisisLine.net for more resources.
Close this modal
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs | 810 Vermont Avenue, NW Washington DC 20420
Last updated December 26, 2013.
N