http://www.novanthealth.org/home/digital-privacy-policy.aspx
No Site Message for Portal: 92
Your health and safety is always our top priority. Call your physician if you think you have the coronavirus or call 877-9NOVANT if you don’t have one. Learn more »
Top menu
Menu +
Find a doctor
Find a location
Careers
MyChart sign in
for Healthcare providers
for Employees
Welcome to Novant Health
GO
Español
Digital privacy policy
Home
October 1, 2020
Purpose of policy
This Digital Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the websites and other mobile applications and online services which are owned, provided and operated by or on behalf of Novant Health, Inc. or its subsidiaries or majority-held joint ventures with third parties (collectively, “Novant Health,” “we,” “us,” “our”). This Policy describes how Novant Health collects and uses the personal information you provide, and other information that we collect when you visit our websites and utilize our online services and mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”).
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER. IF THIS IS A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL EMERGENCY PERSONNEL (911) TO GET PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION. DO NOT RELY ON ELECTRONIC COMMUNCIATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE IN REGARD TO YOUR IMMEDIATE, URGENT MEDICAL NEEDS. THIS SITE AND OUR EMAIL ARE NOT DESIGNED TO RESPOND TO MEDICAL EMERGENCIES.
About Novant Health websites and other online services
Novant Health provides Services through NovantHealth.org, other websites, mobile applications and voice activated assistants to serve its patients and communities. Novant Health is committed to protecting your digital privacy. When you visit, make appointments or use Novant Health Services, you may disclose certain personal information in order to access or use some of our content and Services. This information helps us to better determine and address the healthcare needs, interests and concerns of site visitors. Some of the data you provide is considered Protected Health Information and is protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). Our use of protected health information, as defined by HIPAA, is governed by Novant Health’s Notice of Privacy Practices, and is a separate document from this Digital Privacy Policy. We may use third parties to manage our Services and the information gathered through the use of the Services.
The content, products and services offered through our websites, mobile applications and voice activated assistants are provided to educate consumers on health care and medical issues that may affect their daily lives. Except for the services offered through MyChart, nothing through our Services should be considered, or used as a substitute for, medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Our websites, mobile applications and voice activated assistants and their content and services do not constitute the practice of any medical, nursing, or other professional health care advice, diagnosis or treatment. If you choose to send information to us through one of our Services, please know that by doing so, you are not establishing a treatment relationship between you and us.
If you use any part of the Services requiring secure access, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Why we collect browsing information
Novant Health collects certain information about how you reach and use our Services. This allows us to administer our systems and gather relevant information about how our Services are being used, and to deliver content relative to you and your location. We may also use this information as needed to enforce our legal rights and when required to do so by law.
How we use cookies and other tracking technology
Examples of the information that we track may include:
Your internet protocol address
The kind of browser, computer or device that you use
The links you click within our websites, and the pages or information you viewed
Location from which you accessed our Services
Date and time of your visit
Name of your wireless or internet service provider
Third party websites you linked to from our Services
We collect information about visitors to our sites using cookies and similar technology including, but not limited to, web beacons, web bugs and pixel tags. For example, “cookies” are small pieces of information that some websites store on your device when you visit some websites. A “web beacon,” “clear GIF,” “web bug,” or “pixel tag” is a tiny graphic file with a unique identifier that is similar in function to a cookie, but would allow us to count the number of users that have visited certain pages or screens of our websites, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which may be stored on your computer's hard drive, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on pages or screens.
Like many other websites, Novant Health Services use data compiled by this tracking technology to provide us with information about traffic to our site. We use this information to personalize the experience, such as recognizing a repeat visitor in order to offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit. For example, if you personalize a webpage, or navigate within a website, a cookie helps the website to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases website navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
We also use certain third party analytics companies to help us present information or advertising that we believe may be of interest to you based on your use of Novant Health Services. After visiting a Novant Health website, you may see information about our services on non-Novant Health websites. This may occur as a result of a placement of a cookie or other tracking technology from past browsing.
We use certain analytics tools such as Google Analytics on certain websites and applications to help us analyze the traffic on our Services. For more information on Google’s privacy policy for partners, please see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Your browser software can be set to warn you of cookies or to reject cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. If you modify your web browser to reject cookies from our websites, certain functions and conveniences of our websites may not work properly. Our websites also may not honor a browser’s signal or header request not to track the user’s activity.
Since sponsors or partners of our websites may use their own tracking technologies, when you click on a hypertext link to their website or service, you should carefully review the privacy policy of other websites that you access from our Services.
Novant Health may also use information collected from third party companies to provide a customized site experience on NovantHealth.org. These third party companies include Facebook, Google and other partners.
Communicating with you
By using the Services, you give permission to be contacted for treatment, payment, patient satisfaction, promotional, or other healthcare operation purposes via any of the telephone numbers, email addresses or other contact information you have registered or otherwise provided. This includes contact through a pre-recorded message, automatic dialing system, artificial voice, email message or text message. Contact may also be made by businesses helping Novant Health provide treatment, collect money that you owe, promote its products or conduct its operations.
Email, web and mobile communications that you send to us via the email links or web or mobile services provided through our Services may be shared with a customer service representative, employee, medical expert, or a Novant Health vendor that is best qualified to address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received.
Because email, text or chat functions do not provide an entirely secure and confidential means of communication, please do not use email, text or chat functions if you wish to keep your communication private. Instead, call the medical clinic or department you are seeking to connect with your request.
If at any time you receive a message from us and wish to unsubscribe, you may do so by following the instructions provided at the end of the message.
You may also receive push notifications from Novant Health applications. These may be disabled from application or device settings.
Links to third-party websites
Our websites may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely for your convenience.
Novant Health is not responsible for any of the content provided on third-party websites, and makes no representations as to such content or its accuracy. All information, products, advertisements, and other content contained in third-party sites are neither approved nor endorsed by Novant Health, and Novant Health is not responsible for such information, products, advertisements or other content.
Use of any linked third-party website is solely at your own risk, and Novant Health is not responsible for information collected through the third-party websites. Please note that use of any third-party site is subject to the terms and conditions of that third-party website, including the website’s privacy statement.
Social media
Our Services may include social media features, such as Facebook and Twitter buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company or organization providing them.
Children
We do not knowingly collect through the Services personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  If Novant Health is made aware of information collected from a child under 13 through our Services, we will delete this information as required by applicable law.
Access to Novant Health Services from outside of the United States
Use of our Services is intended to be limited to persons who reside in the states in which Novant Health operates. If you use visit or utilize our Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using our Services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and to those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.
Complaints or concerns
If you have a complaint or concern relating to the MyNovant mobile application, NovantHealth.org website or other Services, you may email us at interactivegroup@novanthealth.org. If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may email us at PrivacyOffice@NovantHealth.org. Please indicate your reason for contacting us. Your complaint or concern will be forwarded to the appropriate Novant Health department for response or resolution.
Ownership and use
Novant Health owns or has licenses to the intellectual property rights to all components of the Services. You may use the Services only for your personal lawful purposes. Any other use of information accessed via the Services (such as reproduction, resale, publication, distribution or transmission) is not permitted.
Changes to our Digital Privacy Policy
We occasionally update this Policy. The date on which this Policy was last updated is presented at the top of this page. Additionally, a link to the current version of the Policy (stating the date of last update) is presented at the bottom of webpages throughout Novant Health websites. If the current version has been updated since your previous visit, we encourage you to review the Policy to be informed of how our web, mobile and online services use and protect your information. Your use of our web, mobile and online services constitutes acceptance to these terms.
Locations
Hospitals
Clinics
Imaging centers
Emergency rooms
Urgent care
Express care
Services
Behavioral health
Breast health
Cancer
Pediatrics
Emergency
Heart & vascular
Imaging
Neurology & Neurosurgery
Orthopedics
Surgery
Women’s health
View all services
Patients
ER wait times
Hold My Place urgent care
MyChart
Virtual care
Paying your bill
Accepted insurance plans
Financial assistance
Health insurance marketplace
Community benefit
Like Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Subscribe to us on YouTube
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Instagram
©
2020 Novant Health
Contact us
Privacy statement
Patient Bill of Rights
Disclaimer
Legal information
Notice of nondiscrimination
Team member connections
Employer services
Vendor connections
Novant Trustees Online