https://www.safestroke.eu/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
A Decrease font size.
A Reset font size.
A Increase font size.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are stored by your internet browser (i.e. Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, etc) on your computer or mobile device. They allow websites to remember any personal details or settings you’ve applied during your visit. Once created, a website can use cookies to personalise your subsequent visits by displaying your name or recommending content it thinks you may like, for instance.
How does SAFE website use cookies?
The SAFE website uses three types of cookies:
Accessibility cookies
Anonymous analytics cookies
System cookies
Accessibility cookies
The accessibility cookies remember the settings you selected, such as the text size. If you have sight problems the text resizer allows you to increase or decrease the font size – the cookie enables us to remember this setting.
Anonymous analytics cookies
Analytics cookies enable us to collect anonymous information about the way you use the site. They help us track which information is being viewed most frequently. The cookies cannot be used to identify individuals; they are used for statistical purposes only. Information collected during your visit includes:
the number of times you’ve visited our website before
when you arrived/left our website
your geographic location
the search engine you may have used to reach the website
any links you click on
System cookies
System cookies are used by the software that runs the SSOFT website. These system cookies do not contain any personal information and are required to run the site.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Information
[COOKIE TITLE]
[COOKIE NAME]
[DESCRIPTION OF THE PURPOSE FOR WHICH THE COOKIE IS USED]
[WHERE APPROPRIATE, INSERT LINK TO EXTERNAL INFORMATION]
How do I turn off cookies?
It is possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies, or to stop it from accepting cookies from a particular website. All modern internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following pages of guidance may be helpful, otherwise, you should use the ‘Help’ option in your browser to find out more.
More information about controlling cookies can be found by clicking here.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to info@safestroke.eu.
Search for:
Life with spasticity
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.