http://www.abohn.org/about-abohn/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Main menu
About ABOHN
Reasons for Board Certification
Board of Directors
ABOHN Staff
History
Terms and Conditions
FAQs
Privacy
About Us
Strategic Plan
Certification
COHN / COHN-S Eligibility
Handbooks
COHN and/or COHN-S Certification Application
Case Management Eligibility
Handbook - CM
Examination Fees
CM Exam Fee
COHN Exam Fee
COHN-S Exam Fee
Certification Self Assessment Tests (CSATs)
Case Managment
COHN
COHN-S
Fees and Payments
Certification Statistics
Misuse of Credentials
Code of Ethics
Questions and Appeals
About PSI - ABOHN's testing partner
Reciprocity - Canada
International Candidates
Maintenance
Renewal Forms (Cycle Years 1-4)
Recertification (Cycle Year 5)
Handbook
Retirement
Inactive Status
DIGITAL BADGES
Duplicate Wall Certificate Request Form
Paper Wallet Card Request Form
Credit Card Form
ABOHN Fees
Awards
Debra L. Fischer Gibbon Excellence in Occupational Health Nursing Award
Ann M Lachat Excellence in Occupational Health Nursing Award
Ada Mayo Stewart Excellence in Occupational Health Case Management Award
Employer Recognition Award
Research Award
Resources
Career Guide
Verification
ABOHN Newsletter
ABOHNShop
Continuing Education Links
Information Links
Latest Practice Analysis
Flyers
Which Exam Should You Take - COHN or COHN-S?
For Employers
Job Postings
Upcoming Events
Home
About ABOHN
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This site and its contents are the property of the American Board for Occupational Health Nurses, Inc. hereinafter referred to as "ABOHN." ABOHN provides this website as a service to its applicants, certificants, subscribers, and the general public.
Contact Information:
American Board for Occupational Health Nurses, Inc.
7250 W College Drive #2SW
Palos Heights, Il  60463 (U.S.A.)
Phone: 630-789-5799
Fax: 630-789-8901
email: info@abohn.org
website: www.abohn.org
Goods and Services
ABOHN provides Certification (voluntary) for Registered Nurses who are employed in the Occupational Health field. ABOHN provides two core credentials - the Certified Occupational Health Nurse (COHN) and the Certified Occupational Health Nurse - Specialist (COHN-S) and one specialty credential - Case Management (CM) and Recertification for each of the credentials. ABOHN also offers Reciprocity with the Canadian Nurses Association (CNA) for those nurses that are eligible for our COHN credential.
Along with the above mentioned credentials, ABOHN offers Retirement and Inactive Status, Self-Assessment Tests (CSATs), Job Postings, and Verification of Credentials.
Fees and Payments
All fees are Non-Refundable.
All fees are charged in U.S. dollars
Please see our website @ www.abohn.org for fees associated with each individual product.
Permitted Uses of Materials on this Site
Anyone who is doing personal certification may view, print, and temporarily store materials from this site, provided that ABOHN's copyright notices are not removed and that the reuse of material does not conflict with any of the prohibited uses below.
A link or links may be made to any document or location at this site, provided that the link has been approved by ABOHN and does not bypass any license agreement or lead to any secure areas on this site for which a fee has been assessed.
Prohibited Uses of Material on this Site
Materials may not be systematically stored on a server so as to substitute for the purchase of a subscription and/or license agreement to/for the materials.
Except for the permitted uses above, materials may not be reproduced, distributed, and/or transmitted (via print, fax, electronic, or other means), nor adapted, excerpted, and/or altered without prior written permission from ABOHN.
Materials may not be sold to third parties without prior written authorization from ABOHN.The e-mail addresses on this website are for the personal, confidential use of members and/or website visitors.
Copyright Basics
Copyright protects original works of authorship. Works that are created and fixed in print, electronic, fax, CD-ROM, and other formats now known or later developed are protected.
However, just because you receive information or find it posted on the Internet does not mean that you are free to reproduce it and forward it (distribute, transmit, etc.) to others without appropriate permission or without a license agreement if your use is beyond fair use.
Copyright notices are not required by law, so if you do not see a copyright notice on any item, do not assume that it is free to use or pass along to others.
Privacy Policy
ABOHN is committed to respecting data-protection regulations. Please see our Privacy Policy Statement disclosures relating to the collection and use of your information. This statement informs you of the steps we take to protect your rights.
Disclaimer Regarding Hyperlinks and Third Party Websites
Any links to a non-ABOHN website are provided only for the convenience of ABOHN website visitors. ABOHN has no interest in, responsibility for, or control over any linked website. ABOHN makes no promises or warranties of any kind, express or implied to the content on third party websites, which are subject to change without notice to ABOHN. We therefore cannot be responsible for, and accept no liability for, any information or opinion contained in any third party website. Furthermore, in no event shall ABOHN be liable for any damages resulting from use of these links even if ABOHN has been informed of the possibility of such liability.
Changes to this Statement
ABOHN may change this statement from time to time. When updates are made, the Privacy Statement version date will also be updated to reflect that a revision occurred. We encourage you to periodically reread this statement to see if there have been any changes that may affect you. This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Questions
If you have questions about this privacy statement or you believe that your personal information has been released without your consent, please send an email to info@abohn.org or contact ABOHN directly at 630-789-5799.
Copyright ® 2016 American Board for Occupational Health Nurses, Inc.