http://www.stammering.org/legal-disclaimer/cookie-policy
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Legal & Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Like most websites, we use cookies to deliver a personalised service.
What is this Cookie Policy about?
This Cookie Policy explains how we use cookies on our website. It should be read alongside our site’s Privacy Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files of text which websites such as ours set on your computer or other device. They are used to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. You can find out more about cookies by visiting www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Which cookies does our site use?
The services that we use that place their own cookies on our site are provided by:
Google LLC (Privacy policy) - The cookies that are in place from Google are used for Google Analytics tracking (see below).
CAFonline (Privacy Policy) - CAF uses cookies to process transactions via the website to prevent misuse and to ensure security when processing your payment details.
Facebook (Privacy Policy) and Twitter (Privacy Policy) - The cookies set by these social sharing networks allow you to log into your respective account with each and promote our pages to your network.
Shopify (Privacy Policy) and Paypal (Privacy Policy) - The cookies set by these ecommerce platforms remember your choices for adding products to your shopping basket.
How do I consent to cookies?
Except where cookies are necessary for the operation of our site, we will obtain your consent before collecting personal data using cookies.
You can give your consent, or withdraw your consent to our use of cookies by [using the ‘cookie banner’ at the bottom of each page].  Please note, however, that if you do not give consent to our use of cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site.
Are there other ways in which I can prevent the use of cookies?
You may also be able to control the use of cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Please visit the relevant link below for the internet browser which you use:
•    Chrome
•    Firefox
•    Internet Explorer
•    Safari
Google Analytics
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. We send a partial record of your IP address to GA with the last few characters, or 'octet' removed; this prevents us or Google from knowing your exact location.
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
In this section
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Helpline Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Join us
If you, your child or someone you know stammers, then join us and create a better world for people who stammer. It's free. Become a member.
Get involvedBecome a member. Connect with others locally & online. Volunteer, donate & share your story to inspire others.Join usConnect with othersShare your story
Back to top
Need help?
Talk to us on webchat, helpline or email
Open weekdays 10am–12pm and 6pm–8pm