http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/tinnitus/treatment
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
27
www.HealthyHearing.com
A woman talks to her doctor about tinnitus treatments.
Do you have tinnitus and are wondering how to make it go away—or at least get better? You may need to work with a physician, a hearing care professional, and a behavioral therapist to find the right treatment combination for you. Because so many health conditions can trigger tinnitus, diagnosing every case is unique.
A thorough assessment of your symptoms
helps determine the best tinnitus treatment.
In addition to the following treatments, there are alternative relief strategies that may help.
Diagnosing tinnitus
The first step in treating tinnitus is uncovering what may be causing it. One of the challenges in tinnitus evaluation and treatment is that everyone experiences it differently. Measuring a subjective experience is very difficult. A hearing care professional will start by asking lots of questions about your symptoms such as:
How long has this been going on?
Is it intermittent or constant?
Is it worse at certain points of the day?
Is it a pulsating sensation?
In which ear do you hear the tinnitus? Both?
How loud is the noise?
Is the pitch high or low?
It the issue extremely bothersome or just a little irritating?
Are there certain conditions that make it worse such as exposure to noise or certain foods or beverages?
Does the sound change?
What does it sound like? Clicking, rushing, humming, rhythmic?
The practitioner will also ask you to report your medical history. After a thorough discussion of your symptoms and health history, the examination will begin with a visual inspection of your ears and standard hearing tests. Because tinnitus often co-occurs with hearing loss, you'll likely have your hearing tested, too.
Tinnitus-specific tests
If medical causes of tinnitus have been ruled out, then you likely have what's known as neurophysiologic (sensorineural) tinnitus. This can occur on its own, or may be due to hearing loss or loud noise exposure.
A health care professional's next step is to determine the best treatment. An audiologist or similar professional may use a series of tests to tailor your treatment to your specific needs. Examples include:
A pitch match test to help your hearing care professional determine the approximate frequency of sound that you are hearing. For this exam, you will be asked to identify the pitch of your tinnitus as best as possible by comparing it to other sounds.
A loudness match test to quantify the level of the sound you are hearing, which could range from a whisper to a shout. It is more common for people to experience soft sounds than loud.
A visual analog scale to determine perceived loudness. Tinnitus is often perceived much louder than the decibel level that matches. On a scale from zero to 10, you'll be asked to scale the loudness. About 70 percent of patients will report a loudness value of six or higher.
Sound-based therapies
Hearing aids for tinnitus
If you have hearing loss as well as tinnitus—which is quite common—hearing aids can reduce your awareness of tinnitus while you are wearing them. That's because they amplify the sounds you want to hear, helping distract your brain from the unwanted sounds.
Many modern hearing aids include tinnitus features to help mask unwanted sounds.
Today's hearing aids include tinnitus features to help mask unwanted sounds. These often come with smartphone apps to help you learn behavioral and relaxation techniques for managing tinnitus.
Should you get a hearing aid for tinnitus?
Noise and notched-music devices
Another option is a tinnitus masking or noise suppression device. They're typically worn in the ear like a hearing aid and produce either a constant signal or tonal beats to compete with the ringing in your ears. Also, devices that play "notched music" (programmed to match and "notch out" the annoying sounds of tinnitus) can help. Your hearing care professional will use the pitch matching and loudness matching tests mentioned above to set the signal at a level and pitch similar to the tinnitus you are perceiving.
You can also use a free-standing white noise generating machine or a special notched-noise machine. Tinnitus generally gets worse when you're in a quiet space, so being able to bathe a room in background sound might be all you need to help you ignore the ringing in your ears.
Tinnitus sound therapy
Tinnitus sound therapy uses a process known as habituation to retrain the way the brain interprets tinnitus. Essentially, the brain learns to reclassify the unwanted sound as something neutral or unimportant. There are different methods and types of sounds that can help, and an audiologists trained in tinnitus therapy can explore several options.
Tinnitus retraining therapy
Tinnitus retraining therapy uses cognitive behavioral therapy in combination with a masking device to help you learn to ignore the background ringing noise in your ears.
Medications for tinnitus
Although drugs cannot cure tinnitus, there are a few that may suppress the symptoms you are experiencing. Tricyclic antidepressants, like amitriptyline and nortriptyline, are two of the most commonly prescribed medications. If you are experiencing severe tinnitus, one of these drugs may be used. However, it's important to know that these medications may come with side effects such as dry mouth, blurry vision and heart issues. Discuss any other conditions you have or medications you are currently taking with your physician. Niravam and Xanax can also be prescribed, but each of these medications can cause drowsiness and nausea, and they can be habit-forming.
Let your doctor or pharmacist know if you experience tinnitus after starting a new drug or changing a drug dose.
Some medications can cause tinnitus. The most common drugs linked are NSAID pain relievers, diuretics and the malaria drug quinine—all of which are known to trigger tinnitus or make tinnitus worse. But many others can cause tinnitus, too. If you experience tinnitus after starting any new medication, or changing a dosage, discuss it right away with your pharmacist or physician to determine if you should stop, reduce or change the medications you are currently taking.
Tinnitus can be a symptom of another medical condition, such as high blood pressure or a head injury. In those cases, treating the underlying medical condition may remediate your tinnitus. Sometimes the treatment is simple: Your doctor may remove excess earwax that has built up and blocked the ear canal, causing hearing loss and a ringing noise.
Mental health care is key
Mental health care is an important part of tinnitus treatment. As the Journal of Family Practice states "some patients experience extreme anxiety or depression in response to tinnitus and should be referred to a mental health professional on the day they present with symptoms." A therapist with experience treating tinnitus patients can use a combination of sound-based and cognitive-behavioral therapies to help you manage both your physical and mental symptoms.
When is tinnitus a medical emergency?
Sudden deafness and tinnitus
If you or a loved one experiences sudden hearing loss along with tinnitus (usually in just one ear), it could be idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss, known as sudden deafness. Prompt treatment can help increase your chance of a full recovery. Steroids are usually given when this disorder occurs.
Pulsatile tinnitus
If you start to hear sounds that pulse at the same rate as your heartbeat, you may have what's known as pulsatile tinnitus. This can be harmless, but needs thorough investigation since it could be a serious blood vessel or vascular condition.
Suicidal thoughts and tinnitus›
Lastly, if you are experiencing suicidal thoughts and have tinnitus, tell a loved one and seek emergency help right away. While alarming, suicidal thoughts are treatable.
Additional treatment strategies and alternative medicine
There are many behavioral changes you can make that can either help relieve your tinnitus or help you learn to cope with it.
Homeopathy, hypnosis, meditation and acupuncture are also thought to suppress tinnitus conditions. Studies have shown acupuncture can help relieve symptoms of tinnitus, but relief may not be seen until you have completed 10 to 15 sessions.
Regain quality of life
Tinnitus can be extremely frustrating and can leave you feeling overwhelmed and unsure about your next steps. Remember that you are not alone—tinnitus, while not well-understood, is common. To get better, seek out a practitioner who has experience treating tinnitus, and be prepared to discuss your symptoms in detail so you can get relief and regain your quality of life.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Tinnitus (ringing in the ears) / Diagnosis and treatment
Related topics
Symptoms Causes Relief Meniere's disease BPPV Dizziness
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and assistive devices.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Tinnitus and hearing loss during pregnancy: Why does it happen?
Apps for tinnitus: My top picks
5 more strategies for managing tinnitus during the pandemic
Coping techniques to prevent tinnitus and anticipatory anxiety
10 common myths about tinnitus
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Meniere's disease
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!