http://www.aomh.org/terms-privacy/
Programs
Support
Stories
Events
About
Mission
Facilities
Leadership
History
Financial Profile
Affiliations
Locations
Contact
Give
2020 Spring Match
Terms and Privacy
Home/
Terms & Privacy
Alpha-Omega Miracle Home is committed to respecting the online privacy of our donors. We want to ensure our web visitors that information provided on the Alpha-Omega Miracle Home website will not be shared with any third party.
Awareness
AOMH provides this information to make you aware of our privacy policy and security practices, and to inform you of the way your information is collected and used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, if you desire to do so.
No Sharing of Personal Information
AOMH will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all who contact us through our website will be kept confidential. Use of personal information will be limited to the internal purposes of AOMH.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send us an email at: info @aomh.org, or call us at 904-823-8588.
Information Collected
On the Alpha-Omega Miracle Home website, you can provide contact information for ministry-related purposes; to order AOMH merchandise; or to make donations to our ministry. Here are the types of personal information that we collect:
contact information: name, organization / church, complete address, phone number, email address;
payment information: credit card number and expiration date, and billing information;
shipping information: name organization / church, complete address;
information concerning how you heard about Alpha-Omega Miracle Home;
information you wish to leave: questions, comments, suggestions; and
your request to receive periodic updates on Alpha-Omega Miracle Home through fundraising information and invitations, newsletters, and prayer requests.
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List
Our website gives you the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list so that you do not receive any future communications from our ministry. If you desire to remove your name, simply email us at: info@aomh.org
How Information is Used
Alpha-Omega Miracle Home uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on ministry happenings. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested.
Stay Connected to Miracle Moments
Sign up for our email newsletter