http://www.youngsurvival.org/privacy-policy
Mobile Menu
Blog
About
Partners
Contact
Fundraise
Learn
About Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer 101
Metastatic Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer Statistics
Breast Cancer Risk Factors
Living With Breast Cancer
Understanding Treatment
Living with Metastatic Breast Cancer
Quality of Life
Fertility and Family Planning
Practical Concerns
Resources and Tools
Search for Resources
Audio/Video Library
Educational Materials
Partner Resources
Co-Survivors
Self-Care
How To Help
Co-Survivor Community
Research
Research Agenda
Clinical Trials
Position Papers
Metastatic Survey
En Español
FAQs
Connect
Find Support Online
Virtual Hangouts
Private Facebook Groups
Meet In Person
Local Meetups
Conferences
Talk One-On-One
Get Involved
Volunteer
Attend A Conference
Be An Advocate
Fundraise or Host an Event
Ride in Tour de Pink
Pledge Your Birthday
Upcoming Events
Be Inspired
Donate
Make a Donation
Fundraise for YSC
All Ways to Give
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Revised: March 13, 2018
We at Young Survival Coalition (“YSC”, “we”, “us” or “our”) know you care about how your personal information is used and shared—and we take your privacy seriously. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and disclose information and data when you use the YSC website (“Site”) and any YSC mobile application and other services offered by YSC, including when you make a donation to YSC, whether through the Site or otherwise (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information (defined below). This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Site and Services. The Site and Services are provided by YSC.
BY USING THE SITE OR SERVICES, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
1. Managing Your Information Preferences
You can review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information or opt out of receiving certain emails by changing the relevant settings in your account or by e-mailing us at info@youngsurvival.org. You are able to opt out of receiving marketing and donation solicitation e-mails from us, however, you cannot opt out of receiving all e-mails from us, such as e-mails about the status of your account or donation. If you sign-up to receive text messages from us, you may opt out of receiving such messages in the future by following the instructions provided in each text. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at the same address.
2. Information We Collect
Personal Information
We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, birthdate, e-mail, phone number, mailing address, payment information, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with or that you choose to include in your account (“Personal Information”). You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site or use any of our Services, and at other times.
Other Information You Provide
You may also choose to provide us with other information about yourself such as marital status, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, and information about your health (including your physician’s contact information, diagnosis, and treatment information). If this information is linked to your Personal Information, we will treat it like Personal Information. We may, however, aggregate this information with the information of others and use and share it, provided that it does not identify you personally.
Information from Third Parties
We also receive information, Including Personal Information, about you from third party partners, such as social platforms, data vendors and the United States Postal Service. This information includes your address change, device information, social media contacts and friends, donations and donation amounts made via social platform fundraising, and other information that you authorize the social platforms to share with us.
Usage Data and Site Activity
We automatically collect information regarding the actions you take on the Site (“Usage Data”). For example, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, the mobile application version that you are using, the device that you use, the city and country that you visit the Site from and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. We use this information to help us understand how people use the Site and Services, for targeting advertisements both inside and outside the Site and Services, and to enhance the services we offer.
Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers
We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and web browser) and may use anonymous identifiers (a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie). We use cookies and other anonymous identifiers to analyze use of and improve the Site and Services and as described in the Advertising and Online Tracking Section of this Privacy Policy. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Service Providers (defined below) may use their own cookies, anonymous identifiers, or other tracking technology in connection with the services they perform on our behalf. We use Google Analytics on the Site and Services to collect Usage Data, to analyze how users use the Site and Services. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
3. How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information Generally
We use Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to provide you with the Site and Services, including to send you alerts about your account, to improve the Site and Services, to notify you of new products or services, and to otherwise communicate with you about YSC. We may also use your Personal Information to send you personalized communications based on the information we have about you as well as information we receive about you from third parties, including our Service Providers. We will only disclose Personal Information to third parties as explained in this Privacy Policy or with your consent. We may disclose to third parties, certain Usage Data regarding the Site and Services. However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the Usage Data of others and does not identify you individually.
4. Personal Information You Make Available to Others
By using the Site or the Services you may make certain of your Personal Information available to others. For example, you may create content by uploading comments, photos or videos to the message board or blog (“User Content”). When you post User Content, other users may see your name, username, your location, your user photograph, contact information, comments posted, stories posted, videos, photographs and other information that you choose to make available to others.
5. Service Providers
From time to time, we may establish a business relationship with other businesses whom we believe trustworthy and who have confirmed that their privacy practices are consistent with ours (“Service Providers”). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, and marketing and promotions. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by us.
6. Advertising and Online Tracking
We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit the Site and Services. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, web browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie to collect this information. Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our Service Providers who utilize these cookies on our Site enable you to opt out of targeted advertising practices. To learn more about these advertising practices or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org or www.aboutads.info/choices/. We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us. You can learn about this in the “Managing Your Information Preferences” section of this Privacy Policy.
7. Other Transfers
We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with YSC. If YSC is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, it will result in the handling of your Personal Information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
8. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of our company or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
9. Be Careful When You Share Information with Others
Please be aware that whenever you share information on any public area of the Site or Services, that information may be accessed by others as well as by Internet search engines. In addition, please remember that when you share information in any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others. This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.
10. Security
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. We use Secure Socket Layers encryption to protect the transmission of your Personal Information, and YSC’s servers utilize security technology to prevent an intruder from retrieving Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site or Services, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site or Services, and you do so at your own risk.
11. Links, Third Party Websites, and Social Platforms
Our Site and Services may contain links to and from other websites or allow you to share content on third party websites or social platforms, such as Facebook. For example, we may invite users to survivor and co-survivor groups on websites like Facebook. A link to a third party’s website or social platform, such as Facebook, does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. We do not exercise control over third-party websites or social platforms. You access such third-party websites, social platforms, or content at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website or social platform before providing any information to them.
12. Children’s Privacy
The Site and Services are intended for users who are 13 years old or older. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. California users under the age of 18 may request the removal of their content or information publicly posted on the Site or Services by e-mailing us at info@youngsurvival.org. Please note that most of the user content that appears on our Site or Services is stored and controlled by third party providers; thus, complete and comprehensive removal of the content may not be possible.
13. Processing in the United States
Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store all information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using the Site or Services, you are agreeing to the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
14. Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the “Revised” date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the Site or Services, you are consenting to the revised Privacy Policy.
PLEASE PRINT A COPY OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU RECORDS AND PLEASE CHECK THE SITE FREQUENTLY FOR ANY CHANGES.