https://www.casinositesuk.com/terms-and-conditions
HomeTerms & Conditions
Welcome to CasinoSitesUK.com.
We are an independent website that has dedicated its purpose to serve responsible gamblers in the UK by providing accurate, applicable and constructive information regarding UK gambling sites.
In addition to the Terms and Conditions page, this website further presents its Privacy Policy in order to define the access to the content presented.
Upon accessing and using the services of CasinoSitesUK.com, you are thereby agreeing to abide by the following Terms and Conditions.
General Policy
All content at CasinoSitesUK.com is solely provided for informational and entertainment purposes, without any intent of being considered as binding guidelines.
All content at CasinoSitesUK.com is in line with legal regulations of the UK and does not aim to propagate any illegal activities.
Users of this site have an individual responsibility to determine whether it is legal for them to access and engage in gambling practices on the gambling sites listed in the reviews.
The site does not take responsibility for any potential and accidental errors of any kind.
Should you mark any error that can be repaired, please feel free to inform us via out contact email info@casinositesuk.com.
CasinoSitesUK.com is constantly aiming towards providing accurate content.
The site may contain links to diverse third party entities and will not be held accountable for any content presented on these sites, including all links, text and website design, as well as any alterations made to them.
International users who have gained access to this site from a location outside the UK must abide to the country’s laws and refrain from any use of its content that may appear harmful according to any and all applicable international laws, policies and regulations.
Prohibition of Misuse/ Intellectual Property Policy
Your use of the site and all the content presented is limited to informational purposes.
CasinoSitesUK.com deems all content on its pages to be strictly classified as intellectual property of its authors, and is protected by copyrights.
Any copies which you have made of its texts, graphics or any other type of content can solely be purposed for personal use and guidance.
It is strongly prohibited to practice publication of any partial or entire textual content copied and/or paraphrased from this site.
Furthermore, all brand names, trade names and service marks presented on this site are considered Trade Marks.
The site’s Trade Marks are protected by copyrights just as its content. By agreeing to adhere to the terms and conditions listed above, your use of Trade Marks and content from CasinoSitesUK.com must be in accordance to the previous stipulations.
Legal Regulative
By using CasinoSitesUK.com and its services, you are automatically bound to abide by the legal regulative of the UK and all provisions on the matter of online gambling.
If you are accessing this site from any other location than the one mentioned in the previous bullet point, you are advised to inform yourself of any applicable local regulative.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit our website. They do NOT identify any individual, our cookies are stored for 24 hours and then deleted.
We mainly use cookies on this website for pMetrics/Google Analytics. pMetrics/Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps casinositesuk.com understand how visitors engage with our website. It means we can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with the website so we can look to improve it.
You can disable any cookies, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
Targeting Cookies
This website will allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+
Affiliate/Sponsored Links
casinositesuk.com posts/pages do contain links to other pages or resources outside of our own site. Most links are those we consider to be useful to you these will usually appear on posts. Links on our review pages link to websites we are affiliated to, this means that if you do sign up with those casinos we may receive a commission as a result. Any money we do receive is needed to help run this website and allow us to continue to provide the latest new in the UK Casino industry.
Any pages you visit outside our you will need to accept their own privacy/cookie policy as they may not comply with our own and we do not have control of data collected by them
Top Rated Uk Casino
Active since 1997
High-quality casino games
Lots of bonuses and promotions
Great Live Casino
100% up to £100 on the first deposit
(T&C apply. 18+)
Visit
Read Review
Favourite Casino Games
Slots
Roulette
Blackjack
Top UK Live Dealer Games
Blackjack
Roulette
Baccarat
Copyright &COPY 2017 - 2020 CasinoSitesUK.com. All rights reserved.
InformationLive Casinos
Land-Based Casinos
Mobile Casinos
UK Casino Bonuses
Casino News
Blog
GamesBlackjack
Baccarat
Keno
Roulette
Slots
Video Poker
Payment MethodsVisa and MasterCard
Debit Cards
NETeller
PayPal
Skrill
Bitcoin
Ethereum
Home
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Responsible Gambling
Contact Us
Sitemap
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok