http://www.sto-online.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 26, 2020
The Society for Translational Oncology (“STO”) is committed to maintaining the privacy of information that you provide when using and engaging with the STO Website.
Websites of third-party partners of STO, including those of our publishing partner for our Journals, and other websites that you may access via the STO Website are not subject to this Privacy Policy and may have different policies relating to your privacy and information they collect about you.  As this policy does not apply to those websites, we recommend that you review the privacy policies of other websites accessible via, or that link to, our Website.
Information We Collect
We may collect two types of information about you when you visit our Website, communicate with us by phone or mail (postal and email), or interact with us in person: (1) personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, employment information), and (2) non-personally identifiable information (such as aggregate information).
In such instances, STO may collect the following categories of personally identifiable information.
Identifying contact information, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and other contact information and any free-form text you provide. We use this information to provide you with information about features and services; to communicate with you and others about features and services, as you request or indicate; to process your request or ensure our publishing partner of our Journals has information to process your request; to provide you with personalized content; and to send you other information related to your request.
Internet or other similar network activity and information about your visit to our Website, including access times and information about your computer hardware and software, such as your IP address, browser type, and domain names. This information is sourced indirectly from you (e.g., from observing your actions on our Website). They are used to provide you with personalized content, information, and/or to send you information on our services.
Personally Identifiable Information
Information we collect may include your name, address (postal and email), including your country of residence and state where applicable and telephone and fax numbers, as well as facts about your profession or other demographic information. If you ask us in person or contact us, through our site or otherwise,and request access to paid content, including subscriptions to our Journals, we collect information from you and  share that information with our publishing partner of our Journals who manages and provides subscription and paid content services.
We collect information directly from you when you sign up for our Regenerative Medicine Newsletter through our STEM CELLS PORTAL and when you communicate with us by phone or mail (postal and email) and in person. We collect information directly from you when you respond to surveys and when you provide information and responses to questions on Society partner forms we host on our Website.  We may also receive information about you from our publishing partner of our Journals and from other third party partners.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
STO collects non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our Website. This information is aggregated and not used to identify you personally.
About the Use of Cookies
Some information may be automatically collected when you visit the STO Website including through cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies (collectively “cookies”). Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored on your browser, device, or the page you are viewing. Some cookies are deleted once you close your browser, while are others are retained to recognize you when you return to a website. You may find more information about cookies and how they work by going to allaboutcookies.org.
STO does not use cookies to track what other sites you have visited or to look at or track any personally identifiable information about you. Cookies are a required feature to support the personalization, registration, and sign-in features within our Website. You may use our site without cookies, but it may affect the functionality of the website, and you will not be able to register, sign in, or use personalization features.
How We Use and Share Information Collected
We use and may disclose your personally identifiable information we collect to:
Provide you with information about products and services that you request from us.
Inform our publishing partner of our Journals of your in interest in products or services or a request related to our Journals.
Provide your form responses to our Society partners, as applicable and as requested.
Provide your contact information to third parties, but only when you have provided specific consent.
Improve the content and/or services of our Website.
Notify you about new or existing products, content, or services.
Notify you for other purposes from time to time.
Track and analyze Website usage data and statistical information.
Comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property or to protect you or others.
Provide to third parties to facilitate, or as part of, any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
If STO collects your personally identifiable information for one of the purposes described above, we may store such information on our servers or in one (or more) of our databases. Please do not submit any personally identifiable information to us if you do not want STO to use and store your information in accordance with this policy.
We use and may disclose your non-personally identifiable information to:
Manage our Website.
Analyze data about visits to make the Website more accessible and interesting.
Provide services associated with the maintenance of our Website.
Update donors who fund our Website with aggregated usage data.
Deliver the content of our Website correctly.
Optimize the content of our Website as well as its advertisement.
Ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and Website technology.
Provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
Information collected through cookies is stored separately from any information we have collected from you otherwise.
We do not share information about you, including information we collect from you, from your use of our website, or from other sources other than as indicated by and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
To review our General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Privacy Policy, please click here.
Security
Security of information transmitted over the internet cannot be guaranteed. STO uses commercially reasonable security to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information we collect, use and store, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security information you transmit to us and you understand you do so at your own risk.
Surveys
We may conduct occasional online surveys. These surveys are entirely voluntary, and you may easily decline to participate.
Assignment
We may freely assign this Privacy Policy or any of our rights and/or obligations hereunder. In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant STO the right to assign information collected from you and via our Website.
International Transfer of Information
If you are visiting our Website and/or directly providing us with personally identifiable information in a geographic region other than the United States, please note the laws of the United States may differ from those in the your jurisdiction and may not afford the same level of data protection. For example, the European Commission has not indicated the United States meets the standards for an adequacy decision.  You acknowledge that you understand your personally identifiable information may be used and disclosed for the purposes identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy and your personally identifiable information will be transferred to, stored in, and disclosed to other parties in the United States.
By engaging with our Website and providing both your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information, you indicate you understand the risks and agree to the transfer of this information to the United States.
Policy Regarding Minors
STO only collects information knowingly from adults and our Website is intended for individuals age 18 and older. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from minors under age 18. If we become aware that such information has been collected, we will delete it.
How to Stop Receiving Information from Us
You may choose at any time to stop receiving information from us about content or services by using the unsubscribe feature at the bottom of email communication or by contacting us as indicated below. You may also withdraw any consent you have previously provided. To do so, please contact:
E-mail: admin@sto-online.org
318 Blackwell St., Suite 270
Durham, NC 27701-2884 USA
Telephone: 919-680-0011
Under normal conditions, you can expect your request to take 48–72 hours to be processed.
Policy Modifications
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to check back often. We will update the effective date at the top of this page as the date of last revision. Changes will become immediately effective upon posting on our Website unless otherwise noted.  Your use of the Website following these changes indicates your consent to the practices described in the revised Privacy Statement.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at admin@sto-online.org.