http://www.njha.com/terms-of-use/privacy-policy/
Member Access
ABOUT NJHAPRESS ROOMEVENTSCONTACT US
MEMBERSHIPPOLICY & ADVOCACYQUALITY & SAFETYEDUCATIONCOMMUNITY HEALTHBUSINESS SERVICESRESOURCES
Home
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
General Terms of Use
Hospital & Price Compare
Privacy Policy
Secure Ordering
Cookies
NJHA Member Directory
Listservs
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Web site is owned and operated by the New Jersey Hospital Association. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy statement addresses those concerns. This statement may be changed or updated from time to time. Please note that NJHA's Terms of Use is reviewed periodically. NJHA reserves the right to modify this statement at any time without prior notice. Any changes to the statement will be posted on this page. Your continued use of this Web site will be deemed conclusive acceptance of such modification. If you have any questions about our privacy statement, you can contact us at:
NJHA760 Alexander RoadPO Box 1Princeton, NJ 08543609-275-4230
Or use our online "contact us" form
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns. The New Jersey Hospital Association and its nonprofit affiliate, the Health Research and Educational Trust of New Jersey, uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our public site. NJHA and HRET only gather personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor, to acknowledge a financial donation, post a comment in the Public Forum or place an order online.
This information is used solely by NJHA and HRET or other entities that are involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes. NJHA and HRET lists are never sold to third parties. We will only share personally identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site, for instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) we are required to by law. NJHA requires minimally necessary personal information from you to become a registered NJHA Web site user with a "Member Profile" for Web content and services tailored to your interests or for registration to request and obtain a log-in and password to our NJHA Members Only, Hospitals Only Web site areas or Discussion Forums. This information is always voluntarily submitted by you and is used solely by NJHA and HRET and other entities involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes only and conforms to the policies stated herein.
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyContactJobs at NJHA