http://www.sanfordwomenshealth.org/privacy-of-health
Skip to Main Content
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information
Experiencing fever or cough, or think you might have COVID-19? Call your clinic or sign in to do an e-visit. We’re taking extra steps to put your health first by following safety guidelines and maintaining visitor restrictions. Read an open letter to our patients.
Women's Health
Edith Breast Center
Parenting Services
Women's Wellness Guide
Specialists in Women’s Health Care
While caring for others, don’t forget your own health and wellness. Women’s health is our specialty at Sanford Women’s.
Our ob/gyns and women’s health providers are at your side for every step of the journey – from birth control to prenatal care to menopause and everything in between.
See us for women’s health care at each stage of life:
Gynecology: Choose Sanford Women’s Health for your gynecology needs – annual pelvic exams and pap smears, sexual health care, menopause care and more. We specialize in:
Birth Control
Bladder Health
Gynecologic Oncology
Gynecologic Surgery
Pregnancy: We know choosing your maternity hospital is an important decision. From even before baby, choose Sanford Women’s Health for our specialists in fertility and reproductive medicine, prenatal care, labor and delivery, and support services for you and your newborn. We provide services in:
Breastfeeding
Fertility and Reproductive Medicine
Low Intervention Birth
Maternal Fetal Medicine
Pregnancy Support
Midlife: You deserve to thrive in midlife. As you transition from your childbearing years to menopause, your Sanford Women’s doctors are here to support you and your unique needs. We offer the following midlife care:
Bone Health
Breast Health
Depression and Mood Swings
Health Behavioral Coaching
Hormone Therapy
Sexual Health
Find a Women’s Care Specialist
Our ob/gyn, midlife, and pregnancy specialists care about your health as much as you do. Find a provider for your personalized needs.
Find Women's Care Doctors
Find Care Close to Home
You need compassionate care in a convenient location. Visit Sanford Women's Health in and around Sioux Falls, South Dakota; Fargo, North Dakota; Bismarck, North Dakota; and Bemidji, Minnesota.
Find Women's Care Locations
Find A Doctor
Find A Location
Women's Menu
Gynecology
Birth Control
Bladder Health
Gynecologic Oncology
Gynecologic Surgery
Midlife
Bone Health
Breast Health
Depression and Mood Swings
Health Behavioral Coaching
Hormone Therapy
Sexual Health
Pregnancy
Breastfeeding
Fertility and Reproductive Medicine
Low Intervention Birth
Maternal Fetal Medicine
Postpartum Support
Guidebooks
Pregnancy Support
Women's Video Visits
Women's Wellness Guide
Why Get the Flu Shot?
Protect yourself and your community.
Learn More
Her Kind of Healthy Podcast
Hear about women’s health news as it happens.
Listen Now
Patient Stories
Meet Alissa Sendelbach
Alissa felt nervous about giving birth during a pandemic. But thanks to her nurses, she and her husband felt like nothing had changed.
Read Alissa’s Story
Meet Ashley Stevens
Ashley didn’t know what to expect when her newborn needed special care. Fortunately, the team at Sanford was there.
Read Ashley's Story
Meet Kari Matthys
Kari Matthys, a mother of three young women, never imagined she would have to share a breast cancer diagnosis with them.
Read Kari's Story
Learn More
Caring For You
Women have complex health needs that change throughout their lives. If you have questions about your health, partner with Sanford Women’s to find answers. We’re here for you through every life stage. To learn more about women’s health, download our guide to women’s health needs by age below or find answers to common women’s health questions here.
Download the Women’s Guide
Even the Experts Struggle
Breastfeeding was easy for Lyndy Peterson with her first two children. But she struggled to breastfeed her third child. And she is a lactation consultant. Know that even the experts struggle, and that there's help if you need it.
Read Lyndy Peterson's Story
Stay Healthy Later in Life
The key to staying active after menopause is good nutrition and regular exercise. What the experts recommend:
Increase calcium and vitamin D
Raise your activity level
Maintain a healthy weight with a balanced diet
Control high blood pressure
Reduce stress
Read About Health After Menopause
Find the Best Screenings for Your Age
Your annual physical exam is one big screening test. It's an important tool to help prevent pelvic and breast disease. But your risk factors can change as you age. So it's good to know what screenings Sanford Women's experts say you need in your 20s, 30s, 40s and beyond.
Read About Screenings For Your Age
Get Answers About Mammograms
Breast cancer is one of the most common types of cancer in women. One way to catch breast cancer early is to get a mammogram. Two Sanford Women's doctors answer your frequently asked questions about mammograms.
Read About Mammograms
Suggested Services
Gynecology
Your gynecological health concerns change throughout life. Sanford Women’s cares for you through each stage.
Learn More About Gynecology
Pregnancy
Sanford Women’s offers early pregnancy appointments, private birthing suites, lactation support and more.
Learn More About Pregnancy
Fertility and Reproductive Medicine
Sanford Fertility & Reproductive Medicine is here to help you achieve your dreams of having a child.
View Fertility and Reproductive Medicine
Maternal-Fetal Medicine
We're here to help you through high-risk pregnancy and welcome your baby with the best care.
View Maternal Fetal Medicine
Sanford Health News
background-image
Sanford doctor and cancer survivor stresses continuing care
It’s safe to seek care, even during the COVID-19 pandemic
background-image
Sanford nurse practitioner writes book about battling cancer
Katherine Friese transformed breast cancer into an endurance sport — and won
View All News
Classes & Events
background-image
Childbirth Class
Sat 12/12/20 8:30 AM
- Sat 12/12/20 4:00 PM
Sanford Worthington Medical Center
background-image
A Time to Remember: Children's Memorial Service
Sun 12/13/20 2:00 PM
- Sun 12/13/20 3:00 PM
Online Class
View All Classes and Events