http://www.jimmunol.org/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
AAI Privacy Statement
The American Association of Immunologists, Inc., (AAI) respects, and is committed to protecting, the privacy of its members, subscribers and readers. This Privacy Statement describes the policy and practice for use of information collected online from the AAI website aai.org, its affiliated websites, and all order forms and member services accessible from those sites. These sites may link to other websites over which AAI has no control and, therefore, is not responsible. Your use of AAI websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with all the terms in this Privacy Statement, you should not use AAI websites or services.
This Privacy Statement describes:
Types of information AAI collects from members, subscribers, and readers and how this information is used
With whom AAI shares the information it collects
Steps that AAI takes to protect the privacy of the information it collects
Choices the user may make about the information he or she provides
1) Types and use of information collected
A) Personal Information
AAI collects only information supplied by the user. On certain web pages AAI asks the user to enter personal information such as name, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number, and other information from which the user’s identity is discernible. Examples include:
Membership renewal information
Annual meeting registration information
Annual meeting abstract submission information
The Journal of Immunology manuscript submission site
The Journal of Immunology email alerts sign-up page.
The “Feedback” page of The Journal of Immunology
When users contact AAI by phone or email
AAI will use credit card information only to process a payment.
Other personal information will be used to provide the user with the services he or she signs up to receive, or items the user purchases.
B) Non-Personal Information
AAI also collects non-personal information such as:
Cookies. These are pieces of data placed on the user’s hard drive for a variety of reasons, including authentication (for example, to track different roles for different logins on The Journal of Immunology manuscript submission site). Cookies are collected by third party vendors with whom AAI contracts for services. Users may set browsers to alert them to the use of cookies and may reject the use of the cookie, but rejection may prevent the website from functioning properly.
IP addresses. These are used to verify subscriber status.
Web-beacons. These are objects embedded into a webpage or email which allow AAI to confirm that the user has viewed the webpage or the email.
Referring website addresses.
2) Sharing of information
AAI does not sell or otherwise disclose the information it collects to third parties, except as follows:
Certain information is shared with service providers retained by AAI. For example, in order to allow subscribers to access to The Journal of Immunology, IP addresses are shared with the vendor whose servers host the journal.
If required to do so by law, or if requested/subpoenaed by law enforcement agencies.
Information may be disclosed to consultants for internal business purposes.
AAI may sell its mailing list to parties who provide products or services of interest to immunologists. Members who do not wish to have their mailing addresses shared in this manner can contact members@aai.org. Email addresses are never sold to third parties.
AAI reserves the right to transfer information in the event that another entity acquires portions of the activities conducted by AAI. Should this occur, all reasonable efforts will be made to ensure the new entity follows a similar Privacy Policy to AAI.
3) Steps AAI takes to protect the privacy of information it collects
AAI implements reasonable technical and administrative practices to safeguard the information it collects. For example, AAI has up-to-date antivirus and antispyware programs run on its computers and servers. AAI employees are trained on appropriate use of information and the need for confidentiality. In addition, credit card payments submitted online on web pages are secured by the appropriate software and verified by VeriSign. Credit card numbers submitted online are not stored by AAI.
4) Your choices
If you would like to update your member contact information and preferences, you can do so at: https://aai.org/cvweb_aai/mainlogin.shtml
If you do not wish to have your mailing address shared with third parties, email members@aai.org
If you would like to modify your preferences for The Journal of Immunology email alerts, you can do so at: http://jimmunol.org/alerts
To unsubscribe from email alerts from AAI or The Journal of Immunology, click unsubscribe at the bottom of the email.
Your use of AAI websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with all the terms in this Privacy Statement, you should not use AAI websites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
AAI reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement at any time. These changes will be indicated by a change to the "Last Updated" date on the page. Your continued use of the sites after any change indicates your agreement with the altered Privacy Statement.
Children's Policy
AAI does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If AAI learns that it has personally identifiable information about a child under the age of 18, this information will be deleted. If you are under the age of 18 and wish to register to obtain further information or be included in a survey, your parent or legal guardian must register for you.
Last Updated 01/10/17