https://www.leftseat.com/Programs/privacy_statement.htm
PRIVACY STATEMENTYou are here: Home / PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Pilot Medical Solutions Incorporated and leftseat.com.
To demonstrate commitment to your privacy, Pilot Medical Solutions is disclosing our information and privacy practices. Below you will find:
1.   What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
2.   The organization collecting the information
3.   How the information is used
4.   With whom the information may be shared
5.   What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
6.   The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Pilot Medical Solutions’ control
7.   How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Information Collection and Use
Pilot Medical Solutions Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others.  Pilot Medical Solutions Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.  Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).  However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. With the users request and consent, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.  Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Refer-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address.  We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.  We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.  The friend may contact us at remove@leftseat.com to request the removal of this information from our database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users information.  When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. If our request forms asks for users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is protected.  While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
We also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.  All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific administrative task are granted access to personally identifiable information.  ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.  Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected.  Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info @leftseat.com.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your phone number), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us.  Updating or correctingpersonal information can usually be done via telephone or postal mail.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at info @leftseat.com.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.  We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on within this document and change the *date below so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by phone or email.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.  *POLICY REVISED ON February 26, 2002.
eHealth Ethics  |  HONcode
Contact us at 800-699-4457 to confidentially discuss any FAA medical certification issue.
Track Aeromedical Issues
Subscribe To Pilot Medical Solutions’ Aeromedical Minute
Contact us at 1-800-699-4457 or by email here to confidentially discuss your FAA medical issues.
Site Search
Recent Google Reviews
Pilot Medical Solutions is a very knowledgeable company and truly desire to help pilots with medical issues.
Their website was very helpful and easy to navigate.
I would encourage you to call them if you have a concern or need some assistance.
Ian Kerrigan9/10/2018
I am a 10year major line captain who has experienced the aggravation of attempting special issuance on my own. Before I found Pilot Medical, my AME told me I could not be certified.
Myself and 2 other personal friends have now used Pilot Medical Solutions with good results. We have all had too many birthdays and our share of medical issues. Each of us have been satisfied with the work done by the leftseat crew. If your career is on the line, I can highly recommend them.
Lee Damon12/29/2018
During my last FAA medical exam my AME identified a problem and it seemed that my flying career was over. Fortunately, my airline works closely with Pilot Medical Solutions in OK City. We reached out to leftseat and before the end of the day I was assigned a case manager. She was sympathetic and provided us with an solution that we did not know existed. I am thankful for the excellent aviation medical advice that I received.
A Google User12/15/2019
Pilot Medical Solutions, Inc. are a tremendous asset to the pilot community in this country. In spite of many difficulties, they were able to resolve my medical issue with the FAA much quicker than if I had just sat back and waited. They are proactive, very responsive and extremely knowledgeable in all matters concerning medical deferrals. I highly recommend them to anyone needing any kind of assistance. Big or little problem, they will help because I believe they CARE ABOUT US PILOTS!
That is the distinction. Call them!
Jacquie
J Warda3/13/2019
Sign Up!
Get the Top Aeromedical Newsletter Free
Recent Posts
New Pilots
Pilots in Command
Pilot Color Vision
Diabetes | FAA Medical Certification
COVID-19 Shutdown
Scroll to top