http://www.cientis.com/about/policies_terms/privacy-policy.aspx
Join
Sign In
Ratings
Research
Blog
Education
About
Contact
EHR Ratings, Reviews & ComparisonTop 10 EHRsEHR Product ListEHR ComparisonAdvanced EHR SearchReadiness AssessmentEHR Proposal RequestRate Your EHRSyndicated ReportsSurvey on Physician Use of EHR Systems - Ease of Use Baseline Data Physicians Use of EHR Systems 2014 2014 EHR Market ShareTablet & Mobile ReportTablet Report 20132013 Mobile UsageCombo Market Share2013 EHR Market Share2011 EHR Market ShareTraining & SatisfactionCustom ResearcheHealth Sharing NeedsHistorical EHR DataEHR ResourcesEHR ImplementationEHR CertificationMeaningful UseE-Prescribing
Privacy & SecurityEHR PricingWebinarsSelecting the Right HardwareCoping with Chart ConversionChange Management StrategiesFinancing Your EHRMeaningful Use CriteriaMeaningful Use ImplicationsPodcastseNewslettereNewsletter TopicsWho We ArePartner OrganizationsContent PartnersAdvisory GroupsSite GovernanceTerms of UseEditorial PolicyAdvertising PolicyEHR RatingsCode of ConductPrivacy PolicyLearn MoreNewsFAQs
Privacy Policy
About > Site Governance > Privacy Policy
Your privacy is a primary concern to AmericanEHR Partners. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information. You have a right to know the types of information collected on our website and how and why it is collected and used. You also have a right to choose whether or not you wish to provide this personal information or have it collected. We respect and will protect these rights.
This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information obtained from the users of this website. Our designated Privacy Officer is responsible for our compliance with this Privacy Policy, and may be contacted as described below.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you clearly understand how your personal information will be treated as you make use of this site. By using the AmericanEHR Partners site and by submitting your personal information to that site, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised statement, please exit the site immediately. If you agree to its terms, we will obtain your consent before collecting, using, disclosing or retaining your personal information for any purposes that are not listed in the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy addresses personal information about individuals and does not apply to information collected, used or disclosed with respect to corporate or commercial entities.
How and why information is collected by AmericanEHR Partners
We collect personal information for purposes authorized or required by law and for the purposes set out below.
We collect certain personal information from you when you register with the AmericanEHR Partners site. This information will be used to create a personal account and to facilitate your access to the appropriate areas within the site. There are different categories of personal user accounts that are created on this site, including:
Physicians who are considering purchasing an Electronic Health Record (“EHR”) system and are looking for assistance in selecting an EHR product
Physicians who are users of EHR systems and are invited to complete a survey to rate a specific EHR system
Practice managers and administrative staff
Professional society representatives
Vendors of EHR systems or other products or services
Certain information is required and certain information is optional. Required information is clearly noted on the website. By providing any information, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
When you register on AmericanEHR Partners, we require your email address so that we can confirm that you have successfully registered. You also have the option of registering to receive additional communications such as electronic newsletters, educational program updates, special offers for products or services and participation in surveys. You will not receive these communications unless you elect to do so.
When you register for the services provided by AmericanEHR Partners, you are asked to provide identifying information such as your name, contact information, professional society membership, and other professional information (e.g., specialty). On the registration screen, information that is required for registration is labeled as such, as is information that is optional and may be given at your discretion.
If you have registered as either a vendor or a user of a specific EHR system you may receive email reminders to update your product or EHR rating information. If you have registered as a user with an intention to purchase an EHR system, you may receive email reminders to confirm whether you have selected an EHR system based upon your intention to purchase. This information is collected in order to maintain accurate and current data. You can change your mind at any time about receiving email updates by using the unsubscribe instructions provided with each communication.
Apart from the personal information collected when you register with the site, AmericanEHR Partners also collects anonymous non-personal information through the use of “cookies”. Cookies are small text files a website creates when you visit a site. Many websites use cookies to provide useful features to their visitors. Cookies do not personally identify users; however, they can be used to identify a user’s computer.
Information collected through the AmericanEHR Partners website may be used for the following purposes:
Support specific AmericanEHR Partners website features. AmericanEHR Partners is designed to be an online resource that users will visit on a regular basis. To allow users to save information between visits and to share information that they have collected with other users, AmericanEHR Partners will create an account for each user.
Each account will have personal information associated with it that can be used in conjunction with specific features to minimize re-entry of data with each visit.
Analysis of the American EHR market. AmericanEHR Partners will apply analytical tools to de-identified information to gain insight into various characteristics of the American EHR market, such as vendor market share, RFI submission data or buying intentions. This information is de-identified, and may be shared with or sold to vendors of EHR products or other organizations to assist them in determining the value or relevance of functions, features or services they may be providing.
Analysis of the EHR system and product market. AmericanEHR Partners will apply analytical tools to de-identified information to learn how visitors with specific characteristics (e.g. specialty or subspecialty, geographic location, practice size) visit a particular portion of the website. This information will be used for internal purposes including refinement of website features, communication programs and improvements to website navigation.
When personal information that has been collected is to be used for a purpose not previously identified, we will identify the new purpose and obtain your consent unless the use is authorized or required by law.
You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions, provided that you give us reasonable notice of withdrawal of consent. When we receive notice of your withdrawal of consent we will inform you of the likely consequences, which may include our inability to provide services for which that information is necessary.
We will not collect personal information indiscriminately and will limit collection of personal information to that which is reasonable and necessary to provide services through the AmericanEHR Partners website and which is reasonable and necessary for the purposes consented to by you. We will also collect, use and disclose personal information as authorized or required by law.
Safeguarding Personal Information
We protect personal information in our custody or control by making reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modifications, disposal or similar risks.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that our suppliers or agents who assist us in providing services implement a comparable level of personal information protection.
Note that confidentiality and security are not assured when information is transmitted through e-mail or other electronic communication.
We will not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from a breach of security or confidentiality when you transmit information to us by e-mail or other electronic communication or when we transmit information by such means at your request.
Third-Party Sites
Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through links on the AmericanEHR Partners website and may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to look for and review the privacy statements of every website you visit through a link on AmericanEHR Partners before submitting any personal information to those sites.
Providing Access
You have a right to access your personal information that we hold. Upon receiving a written request from you and authenticating your identity, we will provide you with your personal information under our control, information about the ways in which that information is being used and a description of any individuals and organizations to whom that information has been disclosed.
We may charge a reasonable fee for responding to an access request and will provide an estimate of any such fee upon receiving an access request. We may require a deposit for all or part of the fee.
We will make the information available within 30 days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfill the request.
In some situations, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information. If we refuse an access request, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal and outline further steps that are available to you.
How to Contact AmericanEHR Partners
We will, on request, provide information regarding our complaint procedures.
AmericanEHR Partners takes its responsibility to protect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information very seriously. There may be questions that you may have about this Privacy Policy, or you may have privacy concerns relating to AmericanEHR Partners’s use of your personal information. Any inquiries, complaints or questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed in writing to our Privacy Officer.
You may reach the Our Privacy Officer at 604 247-0400 or online at info@AmericanEHR.com or by mail at the following address:
AmericanEHR Partners
1441 East Pender St.
Vancouver, BC,
V5L 1V7
Canada
Attention: Privacy Officer
Changes to Privacy Policy
Although our commitment to privacy will not change, in order to accommodate changes based on legal precedents and new legislation, or if the products and/or services that we offer changes, we reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The date of the most recent update of this Privacy Policy is listed below. If we update this Privacy Policy, the Effective Date will be changed to indicate when the last update was made.
Effective Date: June 25, 2010
Home/
Find an EHR/
Terms of Use/
Privacy Policy/
Code of Conduct/
Contact
©
AmericanEHR. All Rights Reserved. Website by Hot Tomali