https://www.havingbabies.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome
/
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  January 1, 2016
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY.
HRC Fertility (“us,” “we,” or “Company”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company website (the “Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.
1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT BASIC INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
In operating the Site, we may include registration, online surveys, and other online forms that ask users to provide their name, date of birth, gender, address, e-mail addresses, and other contact information.
2.2. WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
(a) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
(b) COOKIES. From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our Site. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on our Site other than cookies. Cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.
3. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT DO WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?
(a) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us or to comply with the law. We may use your personal information to verify your identity, to check your qualifications, or to follow up with transactions initiated on the Site. We may also use your contact information to inform you of any changes to the Site, or to send you additional information about us. If you give your permission during the account registration process, we may share your contact information with our business partners or other companies so that they may send you promotional materials.
(b) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(c) USE OF COOKIES. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, or for other purposes. Promotions or advertisements displayed on our site may contain cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our site.
(d) DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company or its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Company or the users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.
(e) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets, including the information collected through this Site. If Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
(f) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. Unfortunately, we do not maintain any procedures for you to review or request changes to the information that we collect about you, except that you may request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance with Section 6.1 below.
(g) DO-NOT-TRACK DISCLOSURE. The Site does not track your use of the Site over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signals. However, some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such websites, your browser may allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
4. SECURITY
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
5. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL
5.1. PUBLIC FORUMS
The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
5.2. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
6. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES
6.1. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to this Site, or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database please feel contact us at the following:
HRC Fertility
135 S. Rosemead Blvd.
Pasadena, CA 91107
Attn: Albert Villalta
6.2. UPDATES AND CHANGES
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Cookie Policy
New Patients Appointments:Call: 1.866.HRC.4IVF
Click: Online Request Form
General Inquiries
Billing Inquiries
Media Inquiries
Quick LinksBlog List
Promotional Offers
Physicians
Locations
Resource Links
How to Plan Your First Visit
Fertility 101Infertility Education
Fertility Drugs
How to Get Pregnant Fast
Infertility Work Up
Free Events
Male Infertility
LGBTQ Quick LinksLGBTQ Family Building
Third Party Parenting
Egg Donation
Surrogacy
Preimplantation Genetic Testing
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.