http://www.uniteddrugs.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains Arete's ("we," "our," or "us") policy regarding how we collect, use, disclose
and transfer your personal information. By accessing this website (the "Site"), you agree and accept the terms
of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site
and exit the Site immediately. Your continued use of this Site subsequent to changes to the terms of this
Privacy Policy being posted shall signify your acceptance of those changes.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you unless you
choose to provide that information to us.
Any information you chose to provide is protected by physical, virtual, and
operational security controls.
Non-personal information related to your visit to our website may be
automatically collected and temporarily stored.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you browse through our website, we gather and temporarily store technical information about your visit.
This information does not identify who you are. The information we collect includes:
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet;
The web browser you use to access the Site;
The date and time of your visit;
The address of the computer you are using when accessing the Site.
We use this information to improve our website and provide a better user experience for our visitors. We use
tools to collect and aggregate this information. This information is available only to web managers and other
designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. It is retained only for as long as needed
for proper analysis.
Web Measurement and Customization
We use web measurement and customization technologies to help our website function better for visitors and to
better understand how the public is using our website.
Visiting an Official Page on Third-Party Websites
We maintain accounts on third-party websites, such as social media sites, as tools to better interact with the
public. Your activity on those third-party websites is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites.
Users of third-party websites are often sharing information with the general public, user community, and/or the
third-party operating the website. These factors may use this information in a variety of ways. You should review
the privacy policies of third-party websites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information
may be used. You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party website to match your
preferences.
Disclosure
Arete does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors to our site unless
required for law enforcement or by Federal law.
Intrusion Detection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we employ hardware and
software solutions to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise
cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations and as part of any required legal process,
information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.