http://www.nycollege.edu/privacy-policy/
Call: 1-800-922-7337 Apply Now     E-Mail Login      Self Service
Emergency Alert
Privacy PolicyHome  /  Privacy PolicyNew York College of Health Professions (“New York College”) is committed to respecting your privacy. You can visit the New York College web site without revealing any personal information. However, if you choose to provide any personal information, it will only be used for the purpose specifically disclosed at the time of your visit and only to conduct official New York College business. Personal information will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent. New York College does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an email, completing an Information Request Form, or completing the online application.
INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN YOU COMPLETE A FORM During your visit to this web site you may send an email, Request Information Form or online application to the College. Your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. Your email address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, by email, text message, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices to address issues or questions you identify, to improve this web site, to generate statistical reports or to forward your message to the appropriate college office for response. Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes and New York College does not sell, trade or otherwise disclose your personal information for commercial purposes.When you complete a transaction such as an online application or an Information Request Form, the information received by the College, including personal information you provide in completing the transaction, is used by New York College and may be disclosed to other parties for those purposes that may be reasonably associated with the transaction in which the information was submitted.The voluntary disclosure of personal information by you to New York College constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by New York College for the purposes for which you disclosed the information to New York College.However, New York College may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: necessary to perform duties of the College; made in accordance with a court order or by law; is used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person; to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce the College’s rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to New York College’s information technology.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTEGRITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE New York College is committed to protecting information collected through this web site against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For web site security purposes New York College uses software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage this web site.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our web site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
COOKIES Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer. This web site uses cookies for some of its applications. We may collect information that is anonymous, such as your IP address or the type of browser you are using through the use of cookies or by other means. We use anonymous information to update the web site and make it more useful to all users. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use anonymous information, without limitation.We may use Google as a third party vendor and its technology called Remarketing to show you advertisements for our site when you visit other sites in the Google Display Network. It is done through the use of cookies (the “Advertising Cookies”). The sole use of these cookies is, as stated above, to simply show you advertisements for our site, they are not being used to track you in any other way. Please note that we do not link the information in the Advertising Cookies or any other cookie to your personal information.We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
SECURITY This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under the control of New York College.
DISCLAIMER The www.nycollege.edu web site and all its content are protected by intellectual property or proprietary rights. You may use the www.nycollege.edu site and content for your personal, noncommercial purposes only and as a source of information about New York College.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY New York College is not liable for any damages or losses, including loss of data, content, or access to web site services.
REVISION TERMS OF SERVICE
Terms may be revised at any time. If you continue to use this web site after notification, then you have accepted revision of terms.
CONTROLLING YOUR PRIVACY You can opt-out from tracking by this website by the following methods:#1: You can control how your browser accepts cookies. This article: How to control cookies has simple instructions for Windows and Mac computers and Chrome, IE, AOL, Firefox, Opera and Safari browsers. You can now choose to accept first party or third party cookies (or neither).#2: You can turn off JavaScript in your browser.#3: You can also use Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on to control the way cookies behave.
CONTACTING NEW YORK COLLEGE OF HEALTH PROFESSIONS If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@nycollege.edu . We will address any issue to the best of our capabilitiesREQUEST ADMISSION