http://www.scripps.edu/terms_of_use.html
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Site Content
The Site contains official pages in support of the core mission of Scripps Research or related administrative business. It also contains webpages generated by groups or individuals whose expressed views do not necessarily represent the views of Scripps Research. Scripps Research does not actively monitor or control web content on the Site. However, when Scripps Research receives a notification of an alleged violation of law, we investigate and address violations accordingly.
Unless otherwise expressly noted, you should assume everything you see, hear or otherwise receive from or on the Site (the "Content") is copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Scripps Research. ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED TO YOU AS-IS. Scripps Research shall own or control all right, title and interest in and to the Content, to all derivatives thereof, and to all intellectual property rights related thereto. The Content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, artwork, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, the Site as a whole and any other materials at the Site.
The information in this Site is provided as a courtesy by Scripps Research. The views and opinions of individual authors do not necessarily state or reflect those of Scripps Research. References to specific products, processes or services do not constitute or imply recommendation or endorsement by Scripps Research.
Official Scripps Research Website
The official Scripps Research Website displays the Scripps Research Copyright date at the bottom of the page. Only Sites bearing the Scripps Research Copyright date are Official Scripps Research Websites. All other sites hosted by Scripps Research servers are not official, including personal web pages of students, faculty, and staff, whether or not they carry a disclaimer. Unofficial sites do not represent Scripps Research in any way. Any Content contained or accessible from unofficial websites does not reflect the views of Scripps Research and Scripps Research does not endorse, warrant, or otherwise take responsibility for the Contents of unofficial webpages or of any material accessible from unofficial webpages, but does reserve the right to review Content and request changes or remove the unofficial webpages based on Scripps Research policies.
Third Party Content
Nothing in the Terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any Content, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on the Site.
Your Use of the Site
No part of the Site, and/or Content from the Site shall be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed, in whole or in part, by or through any form, manner or media, without Scripps Research’s prior written consent, except that you may download one copy of the Content on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home viewing use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification, merger or other use of any of the Content for any other purpose is a violation of Scripps Research's copyright and other proprietary rights and is expressly prohibited. For purposes of these Terms, the use of any Content on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited.
If you would like to request reprints, copies or distribute materials contained on the Site, other than for noncommercial, personal use, please contact Scripps Research Communications Department at communications@scripps.edu.
You agree that you will make only lawful use of the Site, and will use the Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations. You agree that you will not collect or harvest any personally identifiable information from the Site. You agree that you will make no use of the Site that violates anyone else's rights, including copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights. You further agree that you will not modify or alter the Site or any Content.
You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site ("Publish") any materials that contain a software virus or other harmful component. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that contain advertising or commercial material of any kind. You agree that you will not Publish any materials that are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful, or that violate any rights of privacy or publicity or any trademark, copyright, patent or other rights. You are solely responsible for the content of any material you Publish. Scripps Research is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any person using the Site.
Scripps Research may change, suspend, discontinue or remove any aspect of the Site at any time, without prior notice, including the availability of any Site feature, services or Content or any material you have Published. Scripps Research may restrict your access to certain features, services or Content at any time, without prior notice, and at its sole discretion.
Use by Scripps Research Employees
If you are an employee, agent, contractor, or are otherwise employed by Scripps Research, these Terms supplement the Scripps Research policies on Electronic Communications and Computer Systems, Conflict of Interest, and Document Management. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and other Scripps Research policies, the relevant Scripps Research policy will control.
Portions of the Site are not public. Use of non-public portions of the Site are restricted to authorized Scripps Research personnel and authorized affiliates. All use of restricted portions of the Site may be monitored and/or recorded by Scripps Research system administration staff.
By using restricted portions of the Site, you expressly consent to any monitoring and recording of your activities while in such restricted areas. In the event monitoring reveals any indications of criminal activity, system administration staff will have the right, but not the obligation, to provide any such information to law enforcement personnel.
Use of the Kresge Library
The use of paper and electronic resources in the Kresge Library is governed by the Copyright Laws of the United States. Access to these resources is made available through a number of licenses granted to Scripps Research. Violation of the terms of these licenses can result not only in the loss of your privilege to use the resources, but also the loss of Scripps Research's license rights. Scripps Research employees and students may search, view and browse tables of contents, bibliographic data, full text and database content; and may print and/or download excerpts of reasonable quantity, provided that the use of such excerpts is for research, educational or personal purposes, and does not amount to or result in commercial use or distribution. A Kresge Library staff member can assist you in identifying the terms and conditions for a specific resource. In addition, most websites for journals and databases provide the full text of applicable terms of use or license agreements through links labeled as "copyright, license, terms of use, disclaimer, etc."
Medical and Other Information
This information is designed only for research and educational purposes and is not provided as a professional service or as medical advice for specific patients. It is not a substitute for professional medical care and if you have, or suspect you may have, a health problem, you should consult your healthcare provider.
Linking Information
The Site may contain links to third party sites. Any outside links are provided only as a convenience. Your use of outside links is at your sole risk. Any links from the Site do not constitute Scripps Research's endorsement of any third party, its Website, or its goods or services.
Scripps Research permits text links to Content on the Site, provided: (a) any text-only link must clearly be marked "The Scripps Research Institute;" (b) the appearance, position and other aspects of either the link or the host website shall not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Scripps Research’s name and trademarks; (c) the appearance, position and other aspects of either the link or the host website shall not create the false appearance that an entity other than Scripps Research is associated with or sponsored by Scripps Research; (d) the link, when activated by a user, must display this Site full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linked website; and (e) Scripps Research reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion by amending these Terms.
Scripps Research is not responsible for any hyperlinks, Websites, services or other materials linked to or from the Site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. If you have any concerns regarding any Website linked to or from the Site, please direct them to the owner or operator of that Website.
User Comments and Submissions
We welcome your comments regarding our Site and services. To submit your comments regarding our Site or services, send an email to the Scripps Research Webmaster. However, if you are dissatisfied with the Site, any of its Content, or any of the Terms, your sole and exclusive legal or equitable remedy is to stop using the Site. Any comments, ideas, suggestions or other information you transmit to the Site are not considered confidential or proprietary. Scripps Research will be free to use any comment, idea, suggestion or other information you transmit to us through the Site on an unrestricted and royalty-free basis. This may include personal information about you and your use of the Site. Please review Scripps Research's Privacy Policy for more information.
Copyright and Trademark Infringement Claims
Scripps Research Policy
It is our policy to respond to proper notices of alleged copyright or trademark infringement. This Section describes the information that should be present in these notices. Scripps Research complies with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. Section 512 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) with respect to claims of copyright infringement. We will follow similar procedures described herein with respect to claims of trademark infringement.
You are not allowed to post copyrighted materials, including without limitation journal articles, to the Site without permission of the author and/or publisher. You are also not allowed to post or place the trademarks, service marks, logos or trade dress of other third parties on the Site without the permission of those trademark owners. If your copyrighted material or trademark has been posted on the Site and you want this material or trademark removed, you must provide a written notice that details the information listed in the following Section. Our response to these notices may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If we remove or disable access in response to such a notice, we will make a good faith attempt to contact the owner or administrator of the affected site or content so that they may make a counter notice.
Infringement Notice
To file a notice of copyright or trademark infringement with us, you must provide a written notice by regular mail or fax, not by email, that clearly identifies the items set forth below. Please be aware that you will be liable for damages, including attorney’s fees and costs, if you misrepresent that information or material on our Site is infringing your copyright or trademark. As a result, we recommend that you first contact an attorney for advice before filing an infringement notice with us.
The following items must be included in your copyright or trademark infringement notice:
Describe in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you contend has been infringed (i.e., identify the book, article, publisher, date of publication and other relevant identifying material).
Describe the trademark, service mark, logo or trade dress that you believe has been infringed (i.e., specify whether the trademark is a word mark, word plus design mark (“Composite Mark”), and for Composite Marks, logos and trade dress please provide a legible copy of such designs, logos and trade dress materials). Please also specify whether you are still currently using such trademark and upon which goods or services you use such trademark.
Identify the material on the Site that you claim is infringing your copyrighted work listed in item 1 above, or is infringing your trademark listed in item 2 above. Please include the page link upon which the allegedly infringing material appears on the Site or a copy of the page(s) on the Site on which such allegedly infringing material appears.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material in the infringing manner of which you complain is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law. Please provide a similar statement about your good faith belief regarding the use of your trademark.
A statement that you certify under penalty of perjury that the information in the infringement notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or trademark owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
The notice must be signed by the owner or by an authorized person who can act on behalf of an owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed on the Site.
Please send the written infringement notice to Scripps Research’s Copyright and Trademark Agent listed below:
Demetri Andrikos Business Counsel 10550 North Torrey Pines Road, TPC-8 La Jolla, CA 92037 Fax: (858) 784-8118
Counter Notice
The provider or administrator of material claimed to be infringing may make a counter notice pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. When we receive a counter notice, we may reinstate the allegedly infringing material on the Site.
To file a counter notice with us, you must provide a written notice by regular mail or fax, not by email, that clearly describes the items set forth below. Please be aware that you will be liable for damages, including attorneys’ fees and costs, if you misrepresent that certain material or activity is not infringing the copyrights or trademarks of other parties. As a result, we recommend that you first contact an attorney for advice before submitting a counter notice to us.
The following items must be included in your counter notice:
Describe the particular URLs or other identifying information regarding the specific material on the Site that Scripps Research has removed or to which Scripps Research has disabled access.
Provide your name, address, telephone number, email address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located or San Diego County, California, if your address is outside the United States, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the infringement notice to us under 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
A statement that you certify under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that each item of material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
Please sign the counter notice.
Please send the counter notice to Scripps Research’s Copyright And Trademark Agent identified below:
Demetri Andrikos Business Counsel 10550 North Torrey Pines Road, TPC-8 La Jolla, CA 92037 Fax: (858) 784-8118
Trademarks
Scripps Research trademarks or service marks on the Site are registered and/or common law trademarks of The Scripps Research Institute and include, without limitation, the following marks: The Scripps Research Institute; The Scripps Research Institute and Design; Scripps Research; Scripps Research and Design; Scripps Florida; Scripps Florida and Design; Scripps Research Press; and Scripps Research Press and Design. Other trademarks appearing on the Site are the property of their respective owners. Use of any Scripps Research trademark is subject to Scripps Research's prior written consent.
State Fundraising Notice
As a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, Scripps Research relies on private support, applying the majority of each dollar contributed to its world-renowned research efforts. In connection with Scripps Research's fundraising activities, certain states require us to advise you that a copy of our state’s fundraising registration or financial information is available from them. Scripps Research's principal place of business is located at 10550 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, CA 92037. A copy of Scripps Research’s official California Registration (#CT 80057) and financial information may be obtained from the California Attorney General’s website at http://caag.state.ca.us/charities. A copy of Scripps Research’s official Florida Registration (#CH 17266) and financial information may be obtained from the Division of Consumer Services by calling toll free at (800) 435-7352 within the State of Florida. Registration for fundraising purposes with a state agency does not constitute or imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by that state.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND THE CONTENT SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SCRIPPS RESEARCH, ITS MEMBERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF. SCRIPPS RESEARCH MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF THE CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE OR CONTENT BY SCRIPPS RESEARCH OR BY ANY THIRD PARTY, OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. SCRIPPS RESEARCH DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, IF ANY, AND SCRIPPS RESEARCH WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL SCRIPPS RESEARCH, ITS MEMBERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE OR CONTENT, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY BY SCRIPPS RESEARCH OR ANY THIRD PARTY, OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE SCRIPPS RESEARCH IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SCRIPPS RESEARCH SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
Scripps Research makes no representations that the Site or Content is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States of America. Those who access or use the Site from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Indemnification
You assume full responsibility for any use of any information, goods or services offered on or through the Site. You understand and agree that Scripps Research will not be responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage arising from the use of any information, goods or services or other Content.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify, defend (by counsel reasonably acceptable to Scripps Research), and hold harmless Scripps Research, its members, officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnitees”), from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred by the Indemnitees, with respect to any direct or third party claim, suit or action asserted against any of the Indemnitees, whether or not a lawsuit or other proceeding is filed (collectively “Claims”), that arise out of or relate to: (a) your use of and access to the Site and/or Content; (b) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (c) your actual or alleged violation of any third party rights, including without limitation any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, property, or privacy rights; (d) your failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules, or regulations; (e) your use of any third party websites found on the Site or the products or services advertised by third parties on the Site; or (f) any claim that your use of the Content caused damage to a third party. You shall not enter into any settlement, stipulated judgment or other arrangement with respect to such Claims that (i) imposes any obligation on Indemnitees, (ii) does not unconditionally release Indemnitees from all liability, or (iii) would have an adverse effect on Scripps Research’s reputation or business, without Scripps Research’s prior written consent. Notwithstanding the above, Indemnitees, at their expense, shall have the right to retain separate independent counsel to assist in defending any such Claims. In the event you fail to promptly indemnify and defend such Claims and/or pay Indemnitees’ expenses as provided above, Indemnitees shall have the right, but not the obligation, to defend themselves, and in that case, you shall reimburse Indemnitees for all of their reasonable attorney’s fees, costs and damages incurred in settling or defending such Claims within thirty (30) days of each of Indemnitees’ written requests. This indemnity shall be a direct payment obligation and not merely a reimbursement obligation of you to Indemnitees. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Service.
Termination
Your failure to comply with the Terms automatically revokes your authorization to use the Site and terminates any and all rights granted to you under the Terms. Your obligations to Scripps Research will survive the termination of your rights under the Terms, including without limitation our ownership of the Content, restrictions regarding use of the Content, disclaimers, indemnification obligations and liability limitations. Upon termination of your rights, you must promptly destroy all Content downloaded or obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of any Content.
Applicable Law
Terms will be construed according to California law, without regard to provisions governing conflicts or choice of laws. Any dispute arising under or relating to the Terms, the Content, the use of the Site, or any services obtained using this Site, will be resolved exclusively by the state and/or federal courts located and San Diego, California. Your use of the Site constitutes your irrevocable consent and agreement to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts in San Diego County, California with respect to such dispute, and waive any right to contest or otherwise object to such exclusive jurisdiction or venue.
Miscellaneous
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms, or any portion thereof, to be void, invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Terms, and the remainder of the Terms will remain in full force and effect. The Terms are the entire agreement between you and Scripps Research relating to the Site. Any other agreements between you and Scripps Research regarding the subject matter of the Terms are superseded and have no force or effect. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Website Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, so we operate the Site by the following principles:
Changes to Privacy Policy
Please review the Privacy Policy regularly. The Privacy Policy may change at any time. By using the Site after a change in the Privacy Policy, you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed. If you do not want information about you used in a manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not access or browse this Site.
Confidentiality
You may use our Site without disclosing personally identifiable information. We want to be clear that we will not obtain such information about you unless you choose to submit it to us. If you supply personally identifiable information (such as name, address or telephone numbers) for various purposes on this Site, we only use the information for that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested).
Security
Scripps Research takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When a registration/donation form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card), that information is encrypted and is protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us.
Cookies
Scripps Research website uses cookies (a small file that uniquely identifies your browser) which helps track traffic coming to our Site, including visitor preferences and trends. We use this information to improve our website to better serve our audience's needs. If users register on our Site for any news or donation services, we will identify you with cookies to store your account preferences. You will always have a chance to opt out at any time. However, it’s important to remember that some features of our Site may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Information Collection and Use
We treat your information with utmost confidentiality and your transactions are secure. Scripps Research will not sell, share, or rent this information with others. Please note that we will share personal information with government agencies, companies, organizations or individuals outside of Scripps Research if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce Scripps Research’s Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Scripps Research, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Scripps Research is ever involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will strive to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Online or Offline Gifts
When you make a gift to Scripps Research in the mail or on our website, your email, mailing address, gift amount and other identifying information will be entered into our donor database. We may then send you online and offline communications (including email and direct mail) in the future informing you of other giving opportunities or providing news about Scripps Research. However, we will never trade, share or sell your personal information with or to anyone else, nor will we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. If you choose not to receive any further communication from us, you may opt out by contacting the Office of Philanthropy at (858) 784-2915 or email.
Aggregate Information
We use general traffic, site usage, and length of stay information for statistical reporting and may share such reports with organizations with which we have a business relationship. This aggregate information does not personally identify you.
Children's Privacy
The Site is intended for adults aged 18 and older. It is not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information to or through the Site. Scripps Research does not collect personally identifiable information through the Site from any person Scripps Research actually knows to be under the age of 18.
Other Sites
Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the Site. The Site contains links to third party sites, including sites that may indicate a special relationship with us. While we do not disclose personally identifiable information to the parties operating linked sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Changes to Terms Scripps Research reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time, without notice to you, and you must consult the most recent version of the Terms (not an older cached version) each time you view the Site. Use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of all of the following terms and conditions, in their current form or as modified.