http://www.aasld.org/terms-use-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
MENU
Donate now
Join us
Contact us
Member login
Membership
Become a Member
Become a Member
Join & Member Benefits flyout menu
Join or Pay Dues
Member Benefits & Categories
MEMBER BENEFITS
When you become a member, you have access to exclusive benefits such as:
Special Interest Groups
Engage online community
Journals
LiverLearning®
The Liver Meeting®
Member Directory
Join Now!
Member Resources
Member Resources
Member Resources
AASLD News
Call for Nominations
Career Center
Conflicts of Interest
Engage Online Community
Member Committees
Social Media Essentials
Special Interest Groups
Learn More
Download the app
For Trainees
For Trainees
For Trainees
Emerging Liver Scholars Program
Fundamentals of Liver Disease
Hepatology Training Pathways
Education
Learn Online
Learn Online
Learn Online
LiverLearning
Transplant Hepatology Board Review Course
The Liver Meeting Digital Experience
Webinar: New E/M Requirements are Coming January 1: Will You Be Ready?
Webinar: To Stop or Not to Stop: The Practice of Finite Nucleos(t)ide Analog Therapy
Emerging Topic Conference
- Chronic Hepatitis B: From the Population to New Molecules and Back
AASLD / FDA DILI Conference
Fundamentals of Liver Disease
Visit the full calendar to see all upcoming events!
View Full Calendar
LiverLearning®, the official eLearning portal of AASLD, offers a variety of online educational resources. Watch full-motion video of presentations from The Liver Meeting® and other meetings – just as if you were in the room! Download PDFs of the slides for further study. Earn Continuing Education credits (CME/CE credits and MOC points) from the enduring material.
VISIT LiverLearning®
Publications
Journals
Journals
Hepatology
Liver Transplantation
Clinical Liver Disease
Hepatology Communications
Practice Guidelines
TLMdX News
Programs & Initiatives
AASLD's 70th Anniversary -- Reflections
Associate Fellows Program
Cirrhosis Quality Collaborative
Distinguished Awards
Emerging Liver Scholars Program
Fellows Program
GI/Transplant Hepatology Pilot
Global Outreach & Engagement
Public Policy
Research & Career Development Awards
Viral Hepatitis Elimination: Call to Action
Year of the Nurse
About AASLD
Our Story, Vision, Mission
Governance
Governance
Governance
AASLD Constitution and Bylaws
Annual Business Meeting
Annual Report
Conflicts of Interest
Distinguished Awards
Governing Board
Executive Committee
Past Presidents
Strategic Plan
Corporate Support and Advertising
Careers at AASLD
Contact Us
Media
AASLD Foundation
COVID-19 and the Liver
Practice Guidelines
The Liver Meeting
AASLD Foundation
Contact Us
Social Links
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Home
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Use of the American Association for the Study of Liver Disease’s ("AASLD") World Wide Web pages (“AASLD website”) is subject to the terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) set forth below. Any use of the AASLD website constitutes the user’s agreement to abide by the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you must immediately terminate use of the website. AASLD may change these Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time, without notice and at AASLD’s sole discretion. Continued use of the AASLD website following the posting of such changes will constitute the user’s assent to all such changes. If you violate any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use the website automatically terminates.
Copyright & Trademark
Code of Conduct
Membership Mailing List
Privacy Policy
GDPR-Compliant Privacy Notice
Conflict of Interest
Use of AASLD's Insignia, Name and Address
The Association's insignia (logo) is a registered trademark and the property of AASLD.  The insignia can be used only as designated and approved by the Association.
The Association's affiliate organizations may imprint or affix the Association's insignia on or to stationery, publications, documents, and other materials produced by the affiliate organizations, provided that:
Any such use of the insignia is approved by the Association and by the Executive Director of AASLD; and
A copy or sample of any such material produced by the affiliate groups for public relations or public information is sent to the Association for informational purposes.
The Association's affiliates may also imprint or affix the Association's full name on or to stationery, publications, documents, and other materials produced by the affiliates, provided that:
Any such use of the Association's name is approved by the Association and by the Executive Director of AASLD; and
A copy or sample of any such material produced by the affiliated group for public relations or public information is sent to the Association for informational purposes.
Individual members may not display the Association insignia in advertisements of their professional services or in material promoting the study of liver diseases.  Affiliates and individual members having inquiries about the use of the Association's insignia, name, and address not covered in this policy should direct their inquiries to the Executive Director of AASLD.
Registered Trademarks
AASLD is the sole owner of the following registered trademarks, preventing other entities from using the same or similar marks in connection with similar goods or services:
American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases
AASLD
AASLD and Logo
HEPATOLOGY
Liver Transplantation
The Liver Meeting®
LiverLearning®
Copyrights
The following publications and their contents are copyrights © of AASLD.
HEPATOLOGY
Liver Transplantation
Clinical Liver Disease
Hepatology Communications
Code of Conduct
Professional Integrity
Members should strive to improve the care and advance the health of their patients, advance medical knowledge and demonstrate the highest levels of professionalism.
Members shall comply with all AASLD policies including but not limited to AASLD bylaws and AASLD code of conduct, as well as all laws, government regulations and requirements of other bodies governing the member on account of his or her professional status.
Scientific Integrity
All research will be conducted in accordance with the member’s institutional regulations and federal laws related to animal and human research and comply with the highest standards for the ethical treatment of animals and humans in research.
All research reported by members will comply with the rules of authorship as outlined by the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (1997).
All potential conflicts of interest that may potentially bias the conduct and/or reporting of the research must be disclosed by all members.
Personal Integrity
Members will use AASLD resources/logo for the benefit of AASLD and not for personal gain. Thus, members will not:
Use AASLD employees to perform services for a company/organization that the member has ownership interests in or receives remuneration from.
Engage in unauthorized use of AASLD resources to support an independent entity in which the member holds a financial or other interest.
Use AASLD resources for personal use.
Use the imprimatur of AASLD or one's relationship to AASLD to develop business and professional relationships that only benefit the individual.
Influence negotiation of contracts between AASLD and other entities that the member has ownership of or direct/indirect financial relationships with.
Interfere with the audit process of AASLD finances or attempt to influence the annual independent audit report.
Members shall disclose any relationships that pose or could be construed to pose potential conflict of interest such as relationships which may affect or appear to affect Association activities and decisions.
The relationships, rights, responsibilities, and obligations of AASLD members, officers, Governing Board, and committees are described.
Membership Mailing Lists
The following categories of organizations are eligible to use the mailing list of AASLD.
Commercial organizations whose products are eligible for advertising in the journals HEPATOLOGY and/or Liver Transplantation.
Nonprofit philanthropic organizations such as recognized and accredited schools and national foundations.
Recognized and reputable health organizations.
The following conditions are stipulated and must be agreed to in writing by the person or organization wishing to use the list.
The content of all materials to be included in a mailing must be submitted to the Executive Director of AASLD, and only material approved by the Executive Director or his/her designee may be included in the mailing. This procedure and that in Condition 2 below serve only to protect the name and reputation of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases and its good relationships with its members. AASLD will not under any circumstances use these procedures to participate in business or marketing efforts of the mailing entity.
There may be no reference to the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) in the mailing without prior written consent of AASLD, and under no circumstances may a commercial organization make references to AASLD in its mailing information. The exception to this would be:
Reprints of articles that appeared in the official publications of AASLD and obtained through the auspices of the AASLD, and
Exhibitors mailing pre- or post-meeting materials.
Users of the list must enter into a rental agreement with AASLD prior to receipt of the list. Upon approval, this agreement grants the use of mailing information only -- email addresses and phone numbers are not included in the rental fee.
Exhibitors at the AASLD Annual Meeting or the DDW Meeting may receive, at advertiser rates, AASLD's mailing list. Reference to the meeting may be included in the mailing piece.
Use of the AASLD logo is prohibited.
Should an outside entity want to contact AASLD members, they will be directed to pursue the rental of our membership list [PDF] as referenced above.
Privacy Policy
AASLD is committed to protecting the privacy of those who use the AASLD website. To serve that goal, AASLD has adopted this privacy policy.
Information Collected
AASLD collects and utilizes different kinds of information from users of the AASLD website. Like most websites, AASLD uses "cookies" for several legitimate purposes. These include remembering user IDs and passwords and differentiating between repeat and new users. It is the policy of AASLD that data generated by cookies will be used for internal purposes only (e.g., to improve the site and site-related services for users). The data compiled via cookies is considered confidential and will not be sold to entities outside of the organization.
We may ask for your address, phone number and/or email address when you place an order for an AASLD product or service, when you complete a survey, register for a conference, apply for membership, or on other occasions. In each case, our objective is to have your contact information so that we can serve you better.
From time to time, we may use your address, phone number or email address to provide you with updates and other information that we think may be of interest to you.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email and for those who register for certain sections of the site. We do not currently sell any email addresses to any third party. We may aggregate information on what pages users access. AASLD uses this information to enhance our online offerings, information and services.
We also collect information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations. This information is kept confidential by AASLD and, again, is used for internal purposes.
Security
AASLD undertakes reasonable efforts to ensure that all personally identifiable information collected on our site remains secure. AASLD staff is trained to treat member and customer information confidentially.
While the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) is incorporated and headquartered in the United States, it may collect and process data of individuals residing in the European Union, and those activities may be subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To the extent that is the case, this privacy notice shall apply to such personal data.
Data Collected
Personal data collected by AASLD generally includes an individual’s name, address, and email address. It may also include date of birth, image, and, on occasion, credit card numbers.
How Personal Data Is Collected
AASLD collects personal data under various circumstances. Most common are when an individual:
Becomes a member of AASLD;
Registers for a conference or similar in-person event;
Registers for a webinar or other online offering;
Downloads information from AASLD website;
Participates as a speaker, author, or similar capacity;
Purchases a product; or
Subscribes to a publication.
How Personal Data Is Processed
Personal data of individuals may be used for several purposes. Among them are:
Membership administration;
Provision of member benefits;
Delivery of products and services;
Management of subscriptions;
Communication of AASLD events, products, services, offerings, benefits and opportunities;
Direct marketing;
Member and customer data analysis;
Development of directories; and
Product and services customization and development.
Legal Basis for Collecting and Processing Personal Data
There are several legal bases for AASLD’s collection and processing of personal data:
For the legitimate interests of AASLD, including the several uses listed above;
To perform a contract;
Based on consent; and
Legal compliance.
Third Parties with which Personal Data may be Shared
AASLD may share personal data with several other parties. These include:
Sponsors of Association activities;
Exhibitors at Association events;
Publishers of Association publications;
Cloud service providers; and
Service providers who perform functions such as marketing, research, shipping and fulfilment.
AASLD also may share personal data in the event of a merger or asset sale/purchase transaction, and as required by law.
Site of Processing of Personal Data
Personal data of individuals collected by AASLD may be stored and processed in the United States, Europe, or any other country in which AASLD, its vendors, or partners maintain facilities. AASLD generally collects and processes personal data in the US. In the event personal data is collected in the EU and is then transferred to the US, or is transferred to any other country outside of the EU, AASLD will do so because there is a legal reason, such as in order to perform a contract, or to achieve a legitimate interest of AASLD.
Personal Data Automatically Collected
AASLD may collect certain personal data automatically, in particular of individuals visiting AASLD website, using cookies and other technologies.
Data Retention
Personal data may be retained by AASLD for so long as necessary or useful to pursue the legitimate interests of AASLD. Other factors may include: the duration of the business or contractual relationship between AASLD and an individual; archiving of historical information; and legal requirements, including limitations periods during which a legal claim might be brought.
Safeguards
AASLD has put in place reasonable technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to protect personal data collected by AASLD.
Individual Rights Regarding Personal Data
Individuals generally have the right to access their own personal data and to request that AASLD correct any errors or incompleteness in their own personal data. The contact information provided below should be used for these purposes. There is also a limited right to request deletion of personal data. Such requests also should be directed to the designated contact.
Contact
Inquiries regarding this privacy notice or other privacy concerns should be directed to aasld@aasld.org.
Conflict of Interest
The AASLD Code for the Assessment and Management of Conflict of Interest was adopted by the Governing Board in October 2010 and amended in January 2018. The AASLD Ethics Committee will evaluate and adjudicate conflicts of interest for the society and will recommend appropriate mechanisms for managing conflicts to the Governing Board for its approval and enforcement.
To Whom it applies
Members of governing board, committees, and task forces
Officers of central office
Editors and Associate Editors
Web Advisors
Clinical practice guidelines committee and writing group members
What constitutes a potential conflict
Conflicts of interest are defined as any circumstances that create a risk that professional judgments or actions regarding a primary interest will be unduly influenced by a secondary interest. Primary interests are those associated with the stated mission of the AASLD. Secondary interests may be financial or non-financial in nature. (e.g. intellectual conflict of interest, membership in other organizations, or institutional or corporate associations).
Questions
Questions about AASLD's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy should be sent to aasld@aasld.org.