http://www.dmc-modesto.com/terms-of-use
Accessibility Statement
We are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience. To do so, we are actively working with consultants to update the website by increasing its accessibility and usability by persons who use assistive technologies
such as automated tools, keyboard-only navigation, and screen readers.
We are working to have the website conform to the relevant standards of the Section 508 Web Accessibility Standards developed by the United States Access Board, as
well as the World Wide Web Consortium's (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1. These standards and guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities. We believe that conformance with these standards and
guidelines will help make the website more user friendly for all people.
Our efforts are ongoing. While we strive to have the website adhere to these guidelines and standards, it is not always possible to do so in all areas of the website.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage, please contact WebsiteAccess@tenethealth.com so that we may be of assistance.
Thank
you. We hope you enjoy using our website.
Skip to Main Content
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions of UsePlease read these Terms and Conditions of Use carefully before using this website.
Terms and Conditions of Use Welcome to the Doctors Medical Center of Modesto website (the “Website”), which is owned and provided by Doctors Medical Center of Modesto, including its affiliates (“we” or “our”). Your use and access of the Website, our mobile application(s) (the “App”) (collectively, the Website and App are “Sites”) and the information and services offered through the Sites are governed by and subject to the following terms and conditions (these “Terms”) and the Privacy Policy.   If you do not agree to these Terms, or if you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites or any services offered through the Sites. BY ENTERING, ACCESSING, BROWSING, SUBMITTING INFORMATION TO, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND YOUR MINOR CHILD, AS APPLICABLE, AND REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OLD OR OLDER AND POSSESS THE LEGAL RIGHT AND ABILITY, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND EACH MINOR CHILD OF WHOM YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN, TO AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OR YOU ARE YOUNGER THAN EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OLD, DO NOT USE THE SITES. We may modify these Terms from time to time, and if we make material changes to them, we will notify you by updating the Sites with the updated Terms. You may wish to check the Terms from time to time, because by using the Sites, by providing requested information, or by using the Sites after any changes to the Terms are posted, you consent to the Terms as they appear at the time of your access or use. The contents of the Sites may be viewed and accessed only for your personal, non-commercial use.  The information and services on the Sites are provided solely for purposes of general illustration and as an educational resource.  It is not intended to be, and should not be used as a substitute for medical treatment by a health care professional.  If you have specific questions regarding your health or health status, please contact your physician or other health care provider.  No Warranties or RepresentationsWe are not making a diagnosis of your condition or a recommendation about the course of treatment for your particular circumstances through the use of the Sites. SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH AND INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITES ARE PROVIDED AS-IS AND AS AVAILABLE.  We make no warranty whatsoever, express or implied, including any warranty as to accuracy, completeness, security, or timeliness concerning the information contained on or linked through the Sites, and you should not assume that such information is accurate, complete, valid or the most up-to-date information available.  We undertake no obligation to verify or maintain the currency of such information. We shall not be liable for any loss, claim or damages caused in whole or in part by its provision of, or your use of, any of the information contained on, or linked through, the Sites. We disclaim any applicable statutory or implied warranties. Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Sites is done at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material, or use of the Sites.Intellectual PropertyThe Sites are intended to be maintained in a manner consistent with United States copyright laws.  Photographs, graphics, videos and other imagery and content included in the Sites may not be downloaded, republished, retransmitted, reproduced, or otherwise used without our prior express written permission. All trademarks, service marks, and logos referenced or appearing on the Sites are the property of their respective owners.  The Sites’ content may not be used, copied, adapted, modified, distributed, licensed, sold, transferred, transmitted, streamed, broadcasted or otherwise exploited without our prior express written permission. Our names, trademarks, service marks, and logos that appear on the Sites may not be used in any manner or for any purpose without our prior express written permission.  Physician DisclaimerPhysicians performing services at our facility may be independent contractors and not our employees, agents or representatives.SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY - Doctors Medical CenterYour use of our site is subject to the following Terms of Use, which are in addition to Facebook, Twitter and Instagram terms of use and community standards. If you do not wish to abide by these terms and standards, you must exit the site. We reserve the right to remove any content, and may block you, as a result of our determination that you have not complied with these Terms of Use.Age: You must be at least 18 years old to post content to our site.Privacy and Security: This site cannot be considered private or secure. You must take appropriate steps to protect your personal information on the Web and on any social media site.Inappropriate Content: You may not post any materials or links to materials that contain libelous, defamatory, false, obscene, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, malicious statements or solicits products/services, etc. We reserve the right to remove any content or posts at our sole discretion, including those that do not meet these standards.Intellectual Property Rights: You may only post, upload or transmit content to this site that you own or otherwise have permission to post, without violating the rights of a third party, including those of the content owner.Products/Endorsements: We do not allow you to post content that we consider to be endorsements of products or services. Additionally, you may not use this site to solicit contributions.Personal Health Information: Content that includes personal health information (yours or someone else’s) and photos of patients may not be posted to this site.Medical Advice: Content provided on this site is for general informational purposes only, and nonspecific to you or anyone else. Medical advice can only be provided by a licensed physician in a treatment relationship with you. If you have specific questions concerning your health or medical status, please consult your personal physician.Content relating to Physicians: Physicians performing services at Doctors Medical Center are independent contractors and not employees, agents or representatives of Doctors Medical Center.SOCIAL MEDIA LIVE CHAT TERMS OF SERVICE1. Please do not identify any patient by name as we will delete your comment in order to protect privacy.2. Remember that social media is a public platform. If you post on our Facebook page, people can see what you say. If you wish to send a private message with your question, then please do so. When posting information on our Facebook page, we will omit names from questions sent via private message.3. The information provided and opinions expressed by physicians during Physician Live Chat are those of the physician. Physicians participating in our Physician Live Chat are independent contractors and not employees, agents or representatives of Doctors Medical Center.4. Physician Live Chat provides general educational information. This information is not provided in the course of a professional relationship between a health care provider and a patient. It is not intended to be, and should not be used as, a substitute for medical treatment by a health care professional. Information provided through Physician Live Chat does not constitute nor is it intended as a diagnosis of your condition or a recommendation about the course of treatment for your particular circumstances. You should never disregard or delay seeking medical advice from a physician because of what you have read on our Facebook page. You should not assume that information on a particular topic posted on our Facebook page is complete or up-to-date.5. If you are looking for a physician, call 1-866-358-4DOC (4362) for a free physician referral.6. If you feel that you are experiencing a medical emergency, please contact 911.