http://www.ahvma.org/privacy-policy/
American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association, (AHVMA), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of www.ahvma.org you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
How We Use Your Information
If you become a member or exhibitor of AHVMA or are a customer, or potential customer, our use of your data will be described in the Special Provisions below. In addition to such uses, we may use the information we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy for the following purposes:
To provide the services that you request and to communicate with you regarding such services;
To respond to your inquiries and to contact you about changes to the Websites;
To send you notices or our e-Newsletter (if you have signed up to receive it);
To provide and maintain the Websites, help diagnose problems with the Websites, and to administer and audit usage of the Websites;
For statistical analysis and internal business purposes such as identifying membership trends.
For any other purposes disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent; and
As otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. See our Cookie Policy for more details.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected
American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from www.ahvma.org. American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
AHVMA Association may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent in an effort to glean what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
AHVMA may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association and/or our website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of www.ahvma.org and/or the general public.
Children under Age of 13
American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to Office@ahvma.org. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control. The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those change to our website homepage at www.ahvma.org, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
This website and its content is copyright of American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association- © American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association 2018.  All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: office@ahvma.org
Telephone Number: 410-569-0795
Mailing Address:
American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association
P.O. Box 630
Abingdon, MD 21009
***IMPORTANT SCAM ALERT!***
Please be aware that AHVMA Exhibitors and Attendees may be contacted through email or other means by companies soliciting AHVMA hotel bookings.  Although they may imply otherwise, THESE COMPANIES ARE NOT ASSOCIATED WITH AHVMA.  Other companies may promise you a reservation that does not exist and upon arrival at your hotel you may be told that you do not have a room.
Please make your hotel reservations through our reservations link or by contacting the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center directly.  AHVMA cannot be responsible for any bookings made through any of these other companies.
Please be cautious about giving any company other than the AHVMA or the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center your credit card information as doing so could result in your credit card number being compromised.
×
This site uses cookies to analyze our website traffic and provide some content to AHVMA members. By scrolling down the page, you agree to the use of cookies. They may not taste like regular cookies, but they don't have calories, either... Visit our Cookie Policy to learn more.