http://www.ecrmc.org/patients-visitors/visiting-hours-policies/
Patients & Visitors
Online Services
>
Patients & Visitors > Visiting Hours & Policies
Visiting Hours & Policies
We Encourage Supportive Visits from Family & Friends
Visiting hours at El Centro Regional Medical Center vary within different
areas of the hospital and are also at the discretion of the medical or
nursing staff. To protect the patient from further infection, visitors
should be free from infectious disease. Only under extreme circumstances
may a child be allowed to enter any clinical areas.
ICU -Patients in ICU are at times fragile and require a lot of rest. Only
immediate family and clergy are allowed to enter and limited to ten minutes
per visit. Any children under the age of 16 are not permitted. All visitors
must have no visible signs of contagious or infectious diseases. Visiting
Hours: 8:30 am - 7:00 pm.
Nursery - Fathers or support persons are welcome to visit all day and are allowed
to stay late. Patients under the age of 12 may not be allowed to enter
except for siblings of the newborn, who must be accompanied by an adult.
For all other visitors, standard visiting hours apply. Visiting Hours:
8:00 am - 7:00 pm.
Pediatrics - Pediatric patients may have parents present at all times. Parents will
be encouraged to be involved with their child’s care.
Emergency Room - We request that only one visitor be with a patient at any time. An exception
is made for any child when both parents are allowed in the room.
Surgery - No visitors are permitted in the Surgical Services Department unless
permission has been granted from the OR Director. If permission is obtained,
the visitor will abide by the rules and regulations of the surgical services policy.
Recovery Area - Visitors are allowed at discretion of the Recovery Room Registered Nurse.
Parents of pediatric patients are allowed to stay at the patient’s bedside.
Maternal Child - Your children, family and friends may visit during the regular visiting
hours. We ask that friends and family with cold/flu symptoms not visit
during your hospital stay. All other children under the age of 16 are
not allowed in patient rooms. We allow 2 visitors per room. Visiting Hours:
10:00 am – 1.30 pm and 4:00 pm – 8:00 pm.
Mother/Baby Nap Time: 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm. We have set aside time for new mothers to rest, eat, and bond with their
newborn. This quiet time also gives you the opportunity to learn about
infant care and feeding. Visitors are asked to honor this special time
for you, your support person and baby.
Age of Visitors
Visiting children under age 16 are not allowed in any patient rooms. Only
in extreme circumstances is a child allowed. Minors must always be accompanied
by an adult who is responsible for supervising the children at all times.
Young children should not be left alone in the hospital lobbies while
families are visiting.
Visitor’s Health
Any visitor exposed to or having a communicable disease (tuberculosis,
measles, mumps, rubella, pertussis, impetigo, the flu or a cold) should
not visit patients.
Number of Visitors
Since our rooms can quickly become crowded and noisy, no more than two
visitors are allowed in your room at one time. We encourage families to
discuss scheduling their visits, in order not to overwhelm the patient
by visiting all at one time. While support from loved ones is important,
we also ask that visitors respect the patient's need for rest during
their recovery.
No Smoking
Smoking is strictly prohibited in any hospital building.
Restricted Cell Phone Use
Cellular phones may not be used in patient rooms or procedure areas.
Deliveries of Mail and Flowers
To safeguard patients, certain units such as Intensive Care Units restrict
flower deliveries. We encourage you to check in with the nursing staff
before sending or bringing flowers.
No Latex Balloons
Latex balloons are not permitted in the hospital. Mylar balloons are appreciated.
Please check with the nurse before you plan to deliver anything to reassure
there will not be any problems.
Infectious Diseases
For visitors who have been exposed to infectious diseases such as Chicken
Pox, Tuberculosis (TB), Mumps or Measles within three weeks of their visit,
please speak with the patient’s nurse before visiting.
Online Bill Pay
Schedule Appointments Online
Amenities
Patient Accounting
Lost & Found Items
Customer Service
Inpatient vs Outpatient Hospital Status
Dietary Department
Leave a Review
Medical Record Request
My Health Tools
Patient Rights
Quality
Nominate Your Nurse
Patient Grievances
Tell Us Your Story
Visiting Hours & Policies
Hospital Map
Language Services
Newborns
Send an eCard
Smoke & Tobacco Product-Free Policy
Volunteers
Video Call Resources
Visitor Restrictions
Programs & Education
ECRMC Education
Classes & Events
Diabetes Education Program
International Nurses
Diabetes Prevention Program
Childbirth Preparation Class
Lactation Program
CPR Community Classes
COVID-19 Resources
Medical Services
Facilities specifically outfitted & staffed with the latest technologies & highly-qualified professionals.
Learn More
Careers
At ECRMC we offer more than just jobs, we offer careers. Join our family and grow with us!
Learn More
Make a Donation
ECRMC FoundationCOVID-19 Response Fund
Donate Here
Find a Doctor
Search our highly-qualified providers that use the latest technologies to best serve our Community.
Learn More