http://www.komensandiego.org/privacy-policy/
Legal/Privacy Policy
Susan G. Komen (“Komen” or “we” or “us” or “our”) is committed to responsible information handling practices. You can visit most pages on the Sites without giving us any information about yourself, but sometimes we need information to provide information or services that you request. This Privacy Policy explains data collection and use in those situations. By visiting the Sites, you consent to the information practices described in this Privacy Policy .This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.komen.org (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites operated by or for Komen (collectively, the “Sites”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites that may be accessible through the Sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of persons or entities that Komen does not control, manage or employ. The Sites contain links to other sites that are operated by third parties, including, but not limited to, third party sites that may display the name, trademarks, service marks and logos of Komen. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms Of Use . Komen reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on the Sites. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.To assist you with reading through our Privacy Policy, we have provided answers to questions that you may find most important:
What type of information does Komen COLLECT and how is the information USED?
While you are visiting the Sites, Komen may collect two types of information about users: “Personal Information” (such as name, email address, mailing address, phone, credit card or debit card, personal preferences and other account-related information) and “Aggregate Information” (such as information about how many users log on to the Sites on a daily basis).
Personal Information is collected online when you voluntarily submit non-public personal information on the Sites by requesting information, purchasing our products, signing up for an account or other Services, receiving electronic notices or other similar communications and other similar activities.
Aggregate Information is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about you, such as pages most frequently accessed by you, time spent on a page or area of the Sites, the number of visits to the Sites by you, types of browser used by you, cookie preferences or search terms entered by you. Aggregate Information is used in a collective manner, and no single person can be identified by that compiled information (for example, the number of people who logged into the Sites in a particular day). Aggregate Information does not personally identify a specific user.
Personal Information That You Provide to Us
We may obtain Personal Information about you ONLY if you elect to give us that information. Types of Personal Information may include the following:
Name
Address
Zip code
Telephone number
Occupation
E-mail address
Credit card number and expiration date (for online purchases or donations)
Name of organization (where applicable)
Breast cancer survivor or relationship to a breast cancer survivor
We may request Personal Information, such as your user name or password, whenever you log in to your account and may in limited circumstances ask you to provide credit card information and other personal information when purchasing goods that are offered for sale on our Promise Shop or when making a donation online. We reserve the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain your account. Generally, our uses of Personal Information collected online include, without limitation, responding to your inquiry about volunteering time to Komen, enabling you to make a donation, purchasing a product from the Promise Shop, or providing information, such as sending marketing communications and newsletters.
Komen will retain your Personal Information for fulfillment of the intended purposes for which such Personal Information is collected. Komen will establish minimum and maximum retention periods based upon the type of information collected (i.e., sensitivity), the intended purposes and as otherwise may be legally required.
Personal Information shall NOT include any personal information posted or sent by or to you in any public forum (such as a message board) or your Personal Home Page on the Sites. Participation in these public forums and Komen fundraising initiatives requires the public release and dissemination of such information, and thus Komen cannot commit to treating such information confidentially in the same manner that other personal information will be treated under this Privacy Policy. Participation in these programs is voluntary and thus your consent to certain terms is required before participation is allowed.
Aggregate Information Collected Automatically
When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect Aggregate Information about your visit. We can tell the type of computer, browser, and web service that you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages that you visit. Collecting this information helps us design the Sites to enhance your experience while on our Sites.
Komen also may use Aggregate Information for internal purposes, such as tracking demographic data and providing targeted content to make the Sites more useful to our visitors. The gathering of this Aggregate Information may be accomplished by the use of cookies or web beacons by Komen and its third party service providers. In particular, Komen will collect an IP Address from all visitors to the Sites. An IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Komen may share Aggregate Information with its research grant recipients, content providers, sponsors, service providers or other third parties to advance the goals of research, education, dissemination or information and otherwise in fulfillment of the Promise. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Sites, analyze trends, track users’ movement on the Sites, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Sites, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses, however, are not linked to Personal Information. Komen also may use a unique assigned number located with the Sites’ URL to determine the website from which you navigated to get to the Sites. While this number may not be apparent to you, it does not contain your Personal Information.
Do Komen websites use COOKIES, OTHER TECHNOLOGIES or THIRD PARTIES to INDIRECTLY collect information?
The Sites may use cookies to enhance your experience while using the Sites. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you do not see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Sites will not function properly when you view them.
The Sites also may use other technologies to track the specific pages viewed by visitors on the Sites or to target specific content that might be of interest to you. These technologies help us to understand how visitors use the Sites. However, you will have the option to opt out (or opt on if applicable law requires) of receiving such targeted content on those pages of our Sites where this technology is used.
Does Komen SHARE the information that I have provided or that has been collected?
Komen may need to share Personal Information with third parties in limited circumstances. For example, we may release Personal Information to third parties to perform services such as advising you of our upcoming events, products, volunteer opportunities, fundraising and partner-related product opportunities benefiting Komen, breast health/breast cancer information or processing credit card payments or hosting the Sites (and/or features available on the Sites). However, such third parties are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of Personal Information and are not authorized to use Personal Information for any purpose other than providing those services.
From time to time, we may be required to provide Personal Information or Aggregate Information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law, or if we reasonably believe that you have committed unlawful acts or acts that may endanger the health or safety of another user or the general public. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
We also reserve the right to share, assign or transfer your Personal information to any of our Affiliates or any successor in interest to our organization by merger, reorganization, or operation of law.
In addition, Komen may make your name and postal address available to other non-profit organizations whose services or activities may be of interest to you.
Do I have CHOICES regarding how my Personal Information is used?
Komen may make your name and postal address available to other nonprofit organizations whose services or activities may be of interest to you. If you would like to opt out of having Komen share your name and postal address with those organizations, please click here : Opt Out. Please include your full name and mailing address in the email.
If your Personal Information is currently being used by Komen or its Affiliates to send you marketing communications, you can opt out at any time. All marketing e-mail communications from Komen tell you how to stop receiving them; however, to opt out of receiving marketing communications from Komen
1. E-mail our Privacy Manager ; or
2. Follow directions on a marketing e-mail communication from us; or
3. Send a request to
Susan G. Komen
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas 75244
Attn: Legal Department
Komen has made available the public forums on the Sites so that you may have an opportunity to interact with other Site visitors in order to share knowledge and news or participate in fundraising events benefiting Komen and its Affiliates. Since participation in such forums is voluntary, you control what personal information may be disclosed to others. In order to avoid your email address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for unsolicited, inappropriate or harmful purposes, Komen advises that you should be cautious about posting your email address or phone number or other personal information to newsgroups, blogs, message boards, or other public forums. In addition, access to Personal Information contained in your account is protected by use of a password so keep your password private and secure.
How can I UPDATE or CHANGE my information?
Komen wants your account (including without limitation, your Personal Information and preferences) to be accurate and complete. To update or change your Personal Information, visit our user login page and log on to your own account. You can update your Personal Information after logging in to your account. You also can send your updated Personal Information by mail (or a written request for a hard-copy of your Personal Information in your account) to:
Susan G. Komen
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas 75244
Attn: Legal Department
How does Komen SECURE my personal information?
Komen maintains commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the Personal Information provided by you. Such security safeguards are intended to be appropriate to the sensitivity of the Personal Information collected. To the extent Komen transfers any Personal Information to third parties, Komen will use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that such third parties to whom it may transfer any Personal Information have knowledge of this Privacy Policy and provide sufficient protection of such Personal Information. In particular, Komen requires that a secure session be established using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) protocol when you submit Personal Information to us through your use of the Sites to establish an account, use the shopping cart, input credit card or debit card information for payment, and access certain web pages on the Sites. Additionally, Komen utilizes digital certificates issued by VeriSign, an established signer of digital certificates.
Komen is committed to properly securing the Personal Information collected online. To help us accomplish this, we take the following steps:
We employ internal access controls to ensure that the only people who see your information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties.
We train relevant personnel on our privacy and security measures.
We physically secure the areas where we hold hard copies of the information that we collect online.
We regularly back up the information that we collect online to insure against loss.
We use technical controls to secure the information that we collect online as appropriate, including but not limited to: Secure Socket Layer (SSL), encryption, firewalls, and password protections.
We periodically test our security procedures to ensure personnel and technical compliance.
Please note that Personal Information stored on the Sites will be collected, stored and processed in the United States of America. By this Privacy Policy, Komen has intended to abide by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of data from the European Union and the PIPEDA regarding the collection, use and retention of data from Canada.
Does Komen collect information from CHILDREN?
Since the Sites are not designed specifically for children, Komen does not intentionally collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a person under the age of 13, we will automatically delete it.
If I give Komen the name and email address of my family or friends, how is that information used?
If you elect to use any features of the Sites (such as “Tell A Friend”) to inform a friend about the Sites or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Komen may ask for your friend’s name and email address. The Sites may automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Komen will store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. Your friend may contact Komen to request the removal of this information from our databases.
Whom can I CONTACT if I have questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy?
Komen has designated our Privacy Manager who can be contacted at the Komen contact address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Manager is accountable for Komen’s online compliance with this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or if you have a claim concerning our compliance with this Privacy Policy, you can e-mail our Privacy Manager. Please provide a description of your claims or questions in sufficient detail so as to permit our Privacy Manager to investigate your claims or questions fully and contact you. It is our intent to make available to you through our Privacy Manager specific information about this Privacy Policy and our management of your Personal Information as may be required by applicable law.
Will this Privacy Policy CHANGE?
Since the Sites will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats that we deem acceptable, so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it and what choices you have.
What constitutes my acceptance of this Privacy Policy?
By using the Sites, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Sites after the effective date of any modification to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. You agree to review the Privacy Policy each time you use the Sites so that you are aware of such modifications.
How does Komen protect the information that I may provide by telephone or regular mail or in person?
Komen implements these same policies and procedures to protect the privacy of any Personal Information voluntarily submitted by you to Komen via telephone or regular mail or in person. Our Privacy Manager also is accountable for Komen’s off-line compliance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about any Personal Information provided by one of these off-line methods, you may check your on-line account or otherwise contact our Privacy Manager by email, regular mail or telephone at the contact address listed in this Privacy Policy.
Where can I get more information about the Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Susan G. Komen
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas 75244
Attn: Legal Department
Phone: 1-877 GO KOMEN (1.877.465.6636)
Fax: (972) 855-4301
Terms of Use
IMPORTANT: Please review the following terms and conditions carefully. These Terms Of Use are a legally binding contract between you and Susan G. Komen (“Komen” or “our” or “we” or “us”) pertaining to the access and use of the services offered, and all products, information, content, media, content, printed materials and “online” or other electronic documentation accessible from, www.komen.org or any sub-domains thereof or other websites operated by or for Komen (collectively, the “Sites”).
The Sites are all offered by Komen to you free of charge on the express condition that you accept, without modification, and abide by these Terms Of Use. Your access and use of the Sites is conditioned upon your continued compliance with these Terms Of Use. Please read these Terms Of Use carefully, as your use of the Sites constitutes your acceptance of these Terms Of Use. Komen reserves the right to change the Terms Of Use any time by reasonable notice, including without limitation by posting revised terms on the Sites (which shall constitute reasonable notice), and such amended terms shall be binding upon you; thus, you should consult the most recent version of these Terms Of Use each time that you view the Sites.
The Promise
Komen was founded on one promise made between two sisters. Komen is committed to saving lives and ending breast cancer forever by empowering people, ensuring quality care for all and energizing science to find the cures (the “Promise”). The Sites are designed, and all uses of the Sites are intended, to be in furtherance of the Promise.
Disclaimer
You acknowledge that the materials on the Sites are provided “as is” for general information only and without warranties of any kind. The materials on the Sites are not meant to be used for self-diagnosis or to replace the services of a medical professional. While Komen endeavors to keep the materials on the Sites current, healthcare information changes rapidly and thus, the materials on the Sites should not be relied upon to be fully comprehensive or error free. Komen does not recommend, endorse or make any warranties or representations of any kind with regard to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, quality, efficacy or non-infringement of any of the programs, materials, products or other information provided on the Sites or by the companies or organizations linked or referred to in the Sites. The Sites do not offer medical advice or recommendations to individuals and you should not rely on the information posted on the Sites as a substitute for consultations with qualified health care professionals who are familiar with individual medical conditions and needs. Komen does not advocate that you attempt to treat yourself, your family or someone you know without proper medical supervision. Komen encourages you to seek the guidance of your healthcare provider if you feel that you, your family or someone that you know suffers from the conditions described on the Sites.
In certain instances Komen permits third parties to provide testimonials and information, and in certain situations, create personal home pages for fundraising purposes in furtherance of the Promise. Komen may from time to time post articles and other information provided by third parties that might be of interest or benefit to the public. You acknowledge that the opinions and recommendations of third parties contained on the Sites are not necessarily those of Komen or endorsed by Komen.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
Unless otherwise indicated, Komen or its licensors holds the copyright to all materials on the Sites, including without limitation, research materials, photographs, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, content, sound recordings, tutorials, white papers, audio/visual clips and design. Additionally, Komen owns all of the trademarks, service marks, slogans and logos (collectively, the “Marks”) used and displayed on the Sites, unless otherwise noted. Without the explicit consent of Komen, no material from the Sites (including, without limitation, the Marks), may be copied, reproduced, displayed, republished, downloaded, posted, digitized, translated, modified, transmitted, distributed or commercially exploited in any way. Any unauthorized use of materials contained on the Sites may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. We retain all rights not expressly granted, and nothing in these Terms Of Use constitutes a waiver of any rights under copyright laws or any other federal, state or local law, regulation, ordinance or treaty. Nothing in these Terms Of Use should be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under or to any intellectual property right, including without limitation, any patent, trademark, service mark or copyright of Komen or any third party.
Komen will allow you to view and print information, documents and web pages located on the Sites for your own personal use but not for any for-profit or commercial activities or purposes or resale; provided that (i) the copies must retain any copyright, intellectual property, proprietary or other notices or disclaimers contained in the original materials, (ii) you must give attribution to Komen and if possible provide a reference to Komen’s main site www.komen.org, (iii) the material must be printed in its entirety without modification, reformatting, adaptation or adjustment, and (iv) if you combine the materials with other hard copy materials, you must clearly designate which portion of the complete work is Komen’s material. No electronic copies are permitted. If you share the printed materials with others, you agree to advise any person to whom you share the materials as to these Terms Of Use and they must agree to abide by these Terms Of Use. Failure to abide by these conditions will immediately terminate this permission and may result in the infringement of the copyrights and/or trademarks owned by Komen or its licensors.
Sponsors
Komen may choose to acknowledge certain persons and companies who have provided donations or sponsorships in furtherance of the Promise. Such acknowledgement may be in the form of recognition on the Sites by use of such persons or companies’ own names or marks and/or links to such person or companies’ own websites. However, Komen does not solicit or permit the purchase or use of advertisements or commercial endorsements on the Sites by any person or company (including, without limitation, its sponsors and donors). If you choose to click on the links to any of our sponsors’ websites or otherwise engage in any correspondence or business dealings with or other purchase of products or services from any of our sponsors, you do so on your own initiative and you agree that Komen is not responsible or liable for any loss or damages of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings or as a result of the acknowledgement of or links to such sponsors in conjunction with the Sites.
Links To Other Sites; Link Agreement
Komen may provide links to other Internet sites or resources. Komen likewise may permit others to post on certain public forums links to other Internet sites or resources. The information provided to you in such links are provided solely for your interactive enjoyment. The results are not guaranteed to be accurate and are in no way endorsed, offered or guaranteed by Komen.
Links to the Sites are permitted by Komen only in accordance with Komen’s Link Agreement. You should be aware that links to the Sites may be provided from other sites, either known or unknown to Komen, and some links to the Sites may be unauthorized, and accessing any other site linked to or from the Sites is done at your own risk. Komen has not reviewed and is not responsible for the content of any third party sites linked to or from the Sites.
General Indemnification
You agree that you will hold harmless Komen, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers, licensors and suppliers from all claims arising out of or related to your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, the Sites or other sites to which they are linked. If your use of materials from the Sites results in the need for servicing, repair of equipment or data, you will assume any costs thereof.
Limitation of Liability
In no event and under no circumstances shall Komen or the contributors of information to the Sites or our sponsors, licensors or authorized representatives be liable to you or any third party for special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages (including without limitation any loss of profits, lost savings, or loss of data) arising out of your (or any authorized user’s) or any unrelated party’s use or inability to use the Sites, or your (or any authorized user’s) or any unrelated party’s reliance or use of information, products or services provided on or through the Internet, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletions of files or other data loss, errors, defects, delays in operation, service or transmission or any failure of performance of the Sites, even if we, or any of our authorized representatives, have been advised of the possibility of such damage and even if the remedies stated in these Terms Of Use fail of their essential purpose.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SITES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL SERVICES AND CONTENT) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. There is no warranty, representation or guarantee that the Sites will continuously operate or be error free or that any problems will be corrected, or that any information, software or other material accessible from the Sites is free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other harmful components. Further, we do not warrant, guarantee, or make any representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of the Sites either in terms of its compatibility with hardware or other software, its reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and you rely on the Sites solely at your own risk. ANY AND ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS OF THE PRODUCT FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, QUALITY, COURSE OF DEALINGS, USAGE OF TRADE, INACCURACY IN CONTENT CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO PERFORM WITH REASONABLE CARE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
THE SITES ARE MANAGED IN THE STATE OF TEXAS, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. KOMEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT IT OPERATES (OR IS LEGALLY PERMITTED TO OPERATE) IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC AREAS. KOMEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SITES, SERVICES OR INFORMATION FOUND THROUGH THE SITES OR SERVICES IS APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC LOCATIONS, AND ACCESSING THE SITES FROM TERRITORIES WHERE THE CONTENT OF THE SITES IS ILLEGAL IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU VIEW THE SITES AND/OR ACCESS THE SERVICES FROM ANY COUNTRY OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE DOING SO ON YOUR OWN INITIATIVE AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS.
Website Services
Services. In furtherance of the Promise, Komen may offer from time to time certain services or features on the Sites (including without limitation, message boards, blogs, chatrooms, public forums, personal home pages, on-line donations, shopping carts and tutorials) (collectively, the “Services”). The following terms under these Terms Of Use pertain to your ability to use the Services made available by Komen on the Sites. Komen will permit your use of the Services free of charge on the express condition that you accept, without modification, and abide by these Terms Of Use, only for as long as your use of the Services are helping Komen to fulfill the Promise.
Account Set Up. Browsing of the Sites public pages is currently provided free of charge to any person. However, access to the Services and certain features of the Sites will require an account to be first established and activated for you. You may sign up for an account by accessing the Sites and following the direction for setting up an account. When you register for an account, you will be asked to create a unique user name (and/or a forum name), a password and a valid email address for your account. You will be asked whether you have read these Terms Of Use and agree to abide by its terms. You may be asked specific questions if you are seeking to use certain features of the Sites (such as a Personal Home Page), and your answers to those questions will determine whether or not you are eligible to register for those features. If you answer “I agree” and you answer all of the questions posed for each feature and otherwise are eligible, your account may be activated. If you answer “I Do Not Agree” or otherwise do not answer all of the questions or otherwise are not eligible, your account will not be activated and you will not be permitted to access the Services online. Komen reserves the right to decline to activate an account for any person for any reason. If your account is activated, you will receive a notification email immediate after you register and you must confirm your email address and acceptance of these Terms Of Use by clicking on the confirmation link in the notification email. Once you have confirmed, you will be permitted to log in, view, load, post and use the Services and the specific features of each Komen public forum or service for which you have been registered. By making such confirmation, you acknowledge that you have read these Terms Of Use, understand your rights and obligations, and agree to be bound by these Terms Of Use. You acknowledge that certain Services will be provided subject to additional terms and conditions (or a separate written agreement only) and you agree that you will abide by such additional terms and conditions applicable to those Services.
Password Protection. You must have a password to access the Services online via your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and protecting against unauthorized use of your password. You also are responsible for all activities that occur under your password and user name or your account made by you or others. You will immediately notify Komen if your password is lost, stolen, disclosed to an unauthorized third party or otherwise has been compromised or if there is any other breach of security. You must ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You will be permitted to access only those portions of the Sites for which you have been granted permission to use by Komen.
Account Requirements. In consideration of your use of the Sites and the Services, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our account activation form; and (ii) maintain and promptly update such account information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such account information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Sites or the Services or any portion thereof.
Parental Consent. As part of the account activation process, you must certify that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18, then your parent or legal guardian may establish an account for each minor child who may use the Services. In such event, the parent or legal guardian must certify that he or she is at least 18 years old and that he or she is the parent or legal guardian of the child/children listed on the account. The parent or legal guardian also must provide his or her contact information. By creating an account for a minor, the parent or legal guardian gives your minor child permission to access all of the Sites and the Services. As the legal guardian or parent, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Sites and the Services and/or information contained on the Sites is appropriate for the minor child and whether the minor child should participate in any feature of the Sites or Services, including without limitation the message boards, blogs or chatrooms. You should understand that we may disclose any activity under the minor child’s account to the parent or legal guardian.
Message Boards & Other Public Forums. As part of your account, you may participate in certain message boards, blogs, chatrooms, instant messaging and other public forums. Your participation is voluntary; however by choosing to post or send a message or blog or otherwise participate in any public forum, you acknowledge and agree that any information or content provided by you may be viewed by the general public and will not be treated as private or confidential. You further agree that Komen may use the posted content in any manner that it deems necessary or appropriate. Komen reserves the right to edit or abridge content for any reason and to edit, refuse to post or remove any content submitted by you or others. Komen cannot and does not guarantee that it will post every content submitted or that such content will not be offensive, defamatory, or objectionable. Although Komen reserves the right to remove without notice any posting for any reason, Komen has no obligation to delete content that you personally may find objectionable or offensive. Komen does not control in real time the information posted via the Services and as such does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such information. In addition to other disclaimers found in these Terms Of Use, Komen does not endorse or make any warranties or representations with regard to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness or any content posted on any Komen public forum.
Personal Home Page. While accessing or using the Sites, you may be provided access to website development tools and the use of a fundraising web space that can be personalized with your own content or otherwise to create a personal webpage (a “Personal Home Page”). Your Personal Home Page may have several features such as my story page, a slide show (up to 10 photos with captions), a link to donate to “my Komen event”, a link to testimonials or comments that can be edited only by you), donation goal (optional), personal URL at komen.org (or such other sub-domain or URL as may be designated by Komen), guest book and email address book. In addition to these Terms Of Use, your use of the Personal Home Page and related Services may require your agreement and compliance with supplemental terms at the time that you register for a Personal Home Page.
Posted Content. You may post messages, text, photos, testimonials or other content on the Site via the public forums or your Personal Home Page. Any content submitted to Komen will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you authorize Komen and its affiliates and licensees, without compensation to you or others, to copy, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, publicly display or otherwise use such information in furtherance of its operations and the Promise throughout the world in any format or media (whether now know or hereafter created) for the duration of any copyright or other rights in such content, and such permission may not be revoked for any reason. To the extent permitted under applicable law, you waive and release and covenant not to assert any moral rights that you may have in any content posted by you. By posting such content on the Sites, you represent to Komen that you own or have the right to use and permit Komen to use such content in the manner stated above. By way of example and not limitation, if you post a photograph of yourself with others, you need to first obtain permission or a release from the other people appearing in the photograph to use their image on your Personal Home Page, and you need to be the owner or licensee of the copyright in the photograph. You agree not to post any photographs or text that belongs to any person other than yourself or that contains the name, voice or likeness of any person other than yourself unless you first obtain permission to do so from that person. If you identify yourself by name or provide a picture or audio or video recording of yourself on your Personal Home Page, you further authorize Komen and its affiliates and licensees (without compensation to you or others) to reproduce, print, publish and disseminate in any format or media (whether now known or hereafter created) your name, voice and likenesses in furtherance of Komen’s operations and the Promise throughout the world, and any such permission cannot be revoked for any reason.
Availability of Service. Komen reserves the right to establish general practices and limits concerning the Services and user accounts at any time (and may modify such practices and limits at its sole discretion), including without limitation the maximum number of days that your or any third-party’s information, pictures, content or email will be retained and the maximum amount of disk space that will be allotted on Komen’s servers on your behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that Komen shall have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to deliver or store your Personal Home Page or any other public forum, or any information, pictures, content or email provided by or stored by you on your Personal Homepage or any other public forum, regardless of whether such deletion or failure was due to the established practices or limits of the Services or as a result of error, intentional misconduct, or negligence of Komen. You acknowledge that Komen reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time and reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to modify or discontinue, either temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Komen shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.
Privacy of Patient Information. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) may regulate and limit the use and disclosure of your private health information by certain healthcare institutions. However, you should know that the HIPAA regulations apply to information gathered in the treatment of patients and not to information gathered by or through the Sites. For details on how Komen protects the privacy of personally identifiable information gathered by or through the Sites, please see our Privacy Policy.
Shopping Cart Purchases & On-Line Donations. In order to purchase products from the Sites’ store or make donations online, you must submit the necessary contact and payment information, including, without limitation, your name, address, credit card and email. You are responsible for the accuracy of the information in your account(s) supplied by you to Komen. By providing such information to Komen by any means (e.g.: email, fax, telephone, mail, etc.), you represent that any information or materials provided by you shall be accurate, complete and correct and that you shall have lawful right to provide such information to Komen for use in processing your orders or receiving your donations from the Sites. In order to purchase the products or make donations online using the payment method displayed on the Web site (e.g., VISA, Mastercard, PayPals, etc.), you must be 18 years of age or over. By using the Sites’ payment method, you confirm that you possess the legal authority to enter into the conditions of use for the Sites, including, without limitation, instructing Komen or its authorized vendors to collect any payments from a credit or debit card, and to use the Sites in accordance with all terms and conditions of these Terms Of Use. Billing to your credit card or to your account occurs at the time of purchase or donation or shortly thereafter. All sales of merchandise purchased from Komen on the Sites are subject to Komen’s standard sales terms and conditions, which contain certain warranty and liability limitations. All returns and exchanges of merchandise purchased from Komen on the Sites are subject to Komen’s standard return and exchange policy. Komen will charge tax in states where such purchases are taxable and your invoice will include both the purchase price and sales tax based on the bill-to address for you for your credit card at the sales tax rates then in effect at the time of purchase. You agree that you are responsible for all charges incurred by your use of the Sites and you expressly authorize Komen to charge the credit card provided by you or listed on your account for any outstanding fees or costs due to Komen or any donations submitted online via the Sites.
Services Indemnification. IN ADDITION TO THE GENERAL INDEMNIFICATION PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD KOMEN AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, VOLUNTEERS, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY LAWSUIT, CLAIM, DAMAGE, LIABILITY, OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES) INCURRED BY KOMEN AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, VOLUNTEERS, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS PERTAINING TO KOMEN’S USE OF THE INFORMATION AND CONTENT PROVIDED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, YOUR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY (SET FORTH BELOW), YOUR WILLFUL MIDSCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT OR RIGHT OF PUBLICITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY THIRD PARTY THAT RELATES TO ANY INFORMATION, IMAGE, VOICE, NAME OR CONTENT PROVIDED BY YOU IN CONECTION WITH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF ANY SUCH CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE ARE BASED IN WHOLE OR IN PART ON KOMEN’S OWN NEGLIGENCE. IN NO EVENT SHALL KOMEN’S AGGREGATE AND COMPLETE LIABILITY TO YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY AND ALL OF ITS SERVICES PROVIDED VIA THE SITES, HOWEVER ARISING, EXCEED A MAXIMUM OF $100.00.
Acceptable Use Policy for Services & Sites
You will not, and will not allow or authorize others to, use the Services or the Sites to take any actions that: (i) infringe on any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including those regarding export control); (iii) are defamatory, trade libelous, threatening, harassing, invasive of privacy, stalking, harassment, abusive, tortuous conduct, hateful, discrimination based on race, ethnicity, gender, sex or disability, pornographic or obscene; (iv) interfere with or disrupt any services or equipment with the intent of causing an excessive or disproportionate load on Komen or its licensors or suppliers’ infrastructure; (v) involve knowingly distributing viruses, Trojan horses, worms, or other similar harmful or deleterious programming routines; (vi) involve the preparation and/or distribution of “junk mail”, “spam”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes” or other deceptive on-line marketing practices or any unsolicited bulk email or unsolicited commercial email or otherwise in a manner that violate the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM Act of 2003); (vii) would encourage conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international laws or regulations; (viii) involve the unauthorized entry to any machine accessible via the Services or interference with the Sites or any servers or networks connected to the Sites or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites, or attempt to breach the security of or disrupt Internet communications on the Sites (including without limitation accessing data to which you are not the intended recipient or logging into a server or account for which you are not expressly authorized); (ix) impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, one of Komen’s or other’s officers or employees, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (x) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted through the Sites; (xi) collect or store personal data about other account users or attempt to gain access to other account users’ accounts or otherwise mine information about other account users or the Sites; (xii) execute any form of network monitoring or run a network analyzer or packet sniffer or other technology to intercept, decode, mine or display any packets used to communicate between the Sites’ servers or any data not intended for you; (xiii) attempt to circumvent authentication or security of any content, host, network or account (“cracking”) on or from the Sites; or (xiv) are contrary to Komen’s public image, goodwill, reputation or mission or otherwise not in furtherance of the Promise.
In addition you will not, and will not assist, enable or permit others to, directly or indirectly (i) modify, enhance, alter, or prepare derivative works based on any of Komen or its licensors or supplier’s content, software or infrastructure, (ii) decompile, decode, unlock, attempt to discover the source code of, or otherwise reverse engineer, any of Komen or its licensors or supplier’s software or infrastructure, or (iii) sublicense, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, or convey any rights under these Terms Of Use to any third party, or otherwise commercially exploit or profit from the information or content of the Sites (or any part or portion thereof).
IMPROPER USE OF THE SITES WILL RESULT IN LOSS OF YOUR ACCOUNT ACCESS AND MAY RESULT IN CIVIL AND CRIMINAL LIABILITIES.
Term & Termination
These Terms Of Use are effective from the date that you first access the Sites or on the date that you activate your account for the Services, whichever is earlier, and continues in effect until terminated in accordance with these Terms Of Use.
Komen may terminate your access to the Sites or the Services at any time for any reason. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to: (i) breaches or violations of these Terms Of Use; (ii) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies; (iii) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions); (iv) discontinuance or material modification to the Services (or any part thereof); (v) unexpected technical or security issues or problems; (vi) extended periods of inactivity; (vii) fraudulent or illegal activities performed by or on behalf of you in connection with the Services or the Sites; (viii) discontinuance of the Services as a whole; (ix) a statement by you that you no longer agree to these Terms Of Use, or a statement by you otherwise requesting termination of your access to the Services; (x) completion of the Komen or other fundraising event or program in which you are participating; and/or (xi) any other reason reasonably considered by Komen to be in its best interest.
Your access to the Sites or the Services also will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms Of Use. You agree that any termination of your account and/or your access to the Sites or the Services may be effected without prior notice and you acknowledge and agree that Komen may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information, files or content in your account and/or bar any access to such information or content by you or others. Komen shall not be obligated to return or provide copies of any information, files or content in your account to you upon deactivation.
You may deactivate your account at any time subject to full payment of any costs or donations charged to your account(s). In order for us to deactivate your account, you must provide us with written notice. You may look under “My Account” and follow the instructions for providing written notice to us so that your account will be deactivated. You acknowledge that our entire liability and your exclusive remedy under these Terms Of Use for any dispute with us shall be your right to terminate your account in accordance with this section.
You further agree that the Komen shall not be liable to any third-party for any termination or deactivation of your access to your account(s) or the Sites.
Upon termination, Komen will have no further obligation or responsibility to you with respect to the Services terminated, and you will have no further obligation or responsibility to Komen with respect to the Services terminated or the Sites; provided, however, the foregoing statement does not apply to any liability, responsibility, or obligation of either party existing or arising prior to the effective date of termination. Your obligations under these Terms Of Use, which by their nature are intended to survive termination (such as indemnification) shall survive the termination of your access to the Sites or the Services.
Deactivation of the Sites
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Sites, or any part or portion thereof, with or without notice to you. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites, or any part or portion thereof. Nothing in these Terms Of Use shall be construed to obligate Komen to maintain and support the Sites, or any part or portion thereof, during the term of these Terms Of Use.
Notice of Claims of Intellectual Property Violations
The content of the Sites may include pictures, information, testimonials, letters, marks, slogans and other content uploaded or provided by third parties or otherwise received from third parties. Komen does not permit the use of content on the Sites that infringes on the copyright or trademarks or rights of publicity of others, and will remove any such content that violates the copyright or trademarks or other rights of others if properly notified of such violation in accordance with the procedure set forth in these Terms Of Use. If you believe that any of the content on the Sites infringes your copyright or trademark rights or your rights of publicity, please provide Komen’s general counsel (whose contact information provided below) with the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work or mark or publicity right claimed to have been infringed, or, if you believe that multiple works, marks or publicity rights have been infringed on the Sites, a representative list of such works, marks or publicity rights.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Komen to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Komen to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Komen’s agent for the notice of any claim of infringement of any copyright or trademark or right of publicity is its General Counsel, who can be reached, as follows:
By mail:
Susan G. Komen
Attention: Legal Department
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas USA 75244
Please provide all of the information requested above. No specific form is required to provide Komen with notifications of possible infringement. However, it will take Komen longer to process your notice if any of this information is not provided, and in some cases, we may not be able to process your notice.
COPPA
Komen does not knowingly solicit data from children or knowingly market to children. Komen is concerned about the safety of children and their use of the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Childrens’ Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, it does not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. In the event that Komen receives actual knowledge that it has collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, Komen will delete that information from the Sites as quickly as is reasonably practical.
Privacy
Komen understands that many visitors to the Sites may be concerned about the information that they may provide or that may be generated from their use of the Sites and how Komen may use such information. Protecting privacy is an important priority to Komen. Our Privacy Policy governs the collection, use, retention and disclosure of personal information gathered from the Sites and you can view our Privacy Policy.
Equitable Remedies
You agree that, if the terms of these Terms Of Use are not specifically enforced, we will be irreparably damaged, and therefore you agree that we shall be entitled, without bond, other security or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect any breach(es), in addition to any other available remedies.
Governing Law; Venue; Statute of Limitations
These Terms Of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., excluding any conflict of laws, rules or similar principals, and the applicable laws, regulations and treaties of the United States of America. Any action arising out of any dispute with respect to this Agreement shall only be brought in the state or federal courts located in Dallas County, Texas. You agree that the statute of limitations for any claim against Komen shall be brought within one year from when the claim arose, and any claims not brought within such period of time shall be deemed waived.
Dispute Resolution
In the event of any dispute arising out of these Terms Of Use, you and Komen each agree to use good faith efforts to resolve our differences amicably. In the event those efforts are unsuccessful, you and Komen agree not to commence litigation until attempting to resolve our dispute through mediation. Either you or Komen may initiate the mediation process with thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the other. The dispute shall be submitted to mediation in Dallas, Texas, U.S.A. Costs of mediation shall be borne equally by both you and Komen. Mediation of the dispute shall be completed within fifteen (15) days of commencement, unless you and Komen agree to extend the time by mutual agreement or unless the mediator declares you and Komen to be at an impasse. Notwithstanding the above, in the event that Komen believes that immediate injunctive relief is required to protect its rights, Komen may invoke the immediate powers of the appropriate court of law without the requirement to first mediate the dispute.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms Of Use is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision shall be fully severable from these Terms Of Use and shall not effect the legality, validity, or enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms Of Use.
Failure by us to enforce any particular term of these Terms Of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of any of our rights hereunder.
These Terms Of Use have been written in the English language and the English language shall control. These Terms Of Use, which are in English, shall be interpreted in accordance with the commonly understood meaning of the words and phrases in the United States of America. You waive any right that you may have under local law to receive these Terms Of Use in any language other than English.
These Terms Of Use (and each supplemental agreement referenced in or referencing these Terms Of Use found on the Sites) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Komen with respect to the Sites and the Services.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding these Terms Of Use, you may write to Komen:
By mail:
Susan G. Komen
Attention: Legal Department
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas USA 75244
Link Agreement
Susan G. Komen (“Komen”) does not provide links from its website(s) to external sites except as specified by business or contractual relationships with partners/sponsors and select information providers.
Permission to create a link to any Komen Internet websites (the “Sites”) is granted upon compliance with the conditions described in this Link Agreement. By creating a link to any of the Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms stated in this Link Agreement. Komen reserves the right to change these conditions at any time without prior notice, and compliance with such revised terms is a prerequisite to your continued right to link to the Sites.
Komen expects persons or organizations that link to the Sites to provide factually correct information and to uphold high ethical standards in developing and presenting information. Permission to link to the Sites is limited to: (i) active volunteers or participants in any event sponsored or benefiting Komen or its affiliates; (ii) donors or sponsors with formal affiliations with Komen or its affiliates; (iii) recipients of Komen grants or sponsorships using language outlined in the funding contracts; (iv) organizations actively participating in breast cancer research or education or aid to breast cancer survivors or other activities in fulfillment of Komen’s Promise; (v) community non-profit organizations serving the needs of breast cancer survivors; or (vi) individuals or organizations that, through the approval of Komen, are members of advocacy or grassroots fundraising groups. If you do not fall into any of these categories, please contact Komen prior to linking.
Links may only be established to the homepage of the Sites. Links to any main section page or sub-section within, and/or any featured area of the Sites, are prohibited.
When linking to the Sites, you may use either a text link or a generic pink ribbon graphic of your own design. You must use hypertext only and it must be in the following form: “Susan G. Komen®.” Any variation without written consent from Komen will result in immediate termination of your rights to link to the Sites. Please note that only official sponsors or partners affiliated with Komen who have a written license agreement with Komen may use the official Komen registered pink ribbon logo (or any other Komen trademarks, service marks, logos or slogans) as a link.
When linking to the Sites, you may not create a frame around the information provided from the Sites or represent it differently in any way other than it is presented on the Sites.
When linking to the Sites, you may not state or imply that Komen is endorsing you and/or any of the products or services that you or your organization provides. Additionally, you may not represent that you or your organization has a relationship with Komen or any of the events, products or services that Komen provides unless that relationship is the subject of a written agreement that has been signed by Komen. You must clearly communicate to the public that you are one of the persons or organizations permitted to link (as identified above) by stating that you are a donor or breast cancer survivor or Komen supporter, etc., as applicable.
By linking to the Sites, you acknowledge the following:
Except for sponsor materials or unless otherwise indicated, Komen holds the copyright to all materials on the Sites. Further, except for trademarks, service marks and logos of its sponsors, or unless otherwise indicated, Komen owns all of the trademarks, service marks and logos (“Marks”) used and displayed on the Sites. Without the express written consent of Komen, you may not copy, reproduce, display, republish, download, post or otherwise use any of the material or Marks from the Sites on your website or on another website. Any use of the Marks requires a separate agreement with Komen and is permitted only subject to, and in accordance with, Komen’s standard branding guidelines and quality control and trademark guidelines and license of use of the Marks.
Komen assumes no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any content of any website that is linked to the Sites.
You agree to hold harmless Komen, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers, affiliates and licensors from all claims arising out of or related to your link to, or inability to link to, the Sites. If your link to the Sites results in the need for servicing or repair of equipment or data, you agree to assume any costs thereof.
Komen reserves the right to terminate any links to the Sites as it deems necessary, with or without cause or warning. If Komen chooses to exercise this right, you will be required to remove your link to the Sites immediately.
You agree to comply at all times with the Terms Of Use posted on the Sites, which are incorporated into this Link Agreement by reference.
<!doctype html>
Untitled Document
Legal/Privacy Policy
Susan G. Komen (“Komen” or “we” or “us” or “our”) is committed to responsible information handling practices. You can visit most pages on the Sites without giving us any information about yourself, but sometimes we need information to provide information or services that you request. This Privacy Policy explains data collection and use in those situations. By visiting the Sites, you consent to the information practices described in this Privacy Policy .This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.komen.org (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites operated by or for Komen (collectively, the “Sites”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites that may be accessible through the Sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of persons or entities that Komen does not control, manage or employ. The Sites contain links to other sites that are operated by third parties, including, but not limited to, third party sites that may display the name, trademarks, service marks and logos of Komen. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms Of Use . Komen reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on the Sites. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.To assist you with reading through our Privacy Policy, we have provided answers to questions that you may find most important:
What type of information does Komen COLLECT and how is the information USED?
While you are visiting the Sites, Komen may collect two types of information about users: “Personal Information” (such as name, email address, mailing address, phone, credit card or debit card, personal preferences and other account-related information) and “Aggregate Information” (such as information about how many users log on to the Sites on a daily basis).
Personal Information is collected online when you voluntarily submit non-public personal information on the Sites by requesting information, purchasing our products, signing up for an account or other Services, receiving electronic notices or other similar communications and other similar activities.
Aggregate Information is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about you, such as pages most frequently accessed by you, time spent on a page or area of the Sites, the number of visits to the Sites by you, types of browser used by you, cookie preferences or search terms entered by you. Aggregate Information is used in a collective manner, and no single person can be identified by that compiled information (for example, the number of people who logged into the Sites in a particular day). Aggregate Information does not personally identify a specific user.
Personal Information That You Provide to Us
We may obtain Personal Information about you ONLY if you elect to give us that information. Types of Personal Information may include the following:
Name
Address
Zip code
Telephone number
Occupation
E-mail address
Credit card number and expiration date (for online purchases or donations)
Name of organization (where applicable)
Breast cancer survivor or relationship to a breast cancer survivor
We may request Personal Information, such as your user name or password, whenever you log in to your account and may in limited circumstances ask you to provide credit card information and other personal information when purchasing goods that are offered for sale on our Promise Shop or when making a donation online. We reserve the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain your account. Generally, our uses of Personal Information collected online include, without limitation, responding to your inquiry about volunteering time to Komen, enabling you to make a donation, purchasing a product from the Promise Shop, or providing information, such as sending marketing communications and newsletters.
Komen will retain your Personal Information for fulfillment of the intended purposes for which such Personal Information is collected. Komen will establish minimum and maximum retention periods based upon the type of information collected (i.e., sensitivity), the intended purposes and as otherwise may be legally required.
Personal Information shall NOT include any personal information posted or sent by or to you in any public forum (such as a message board) or your Personal Home Page on the Sites. Participation in these public forums and Komen fundraising initiatives requires the public release and dissemination of such information, and thus Komen cannot commit to treating such information confidentially in the same manner that other personal information will be treated under this Privacy Policy. Participation in these programs is voluntary and thus your consent to certain terms is required before participation is allowed.
Aggregate Information Collected Automatically
When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect Aggregate Information about your visit. We can tell the type of computer, browser, and web service that you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages that you visit. Collecting this information helps us design the Sites to enhance your experience while on our Sites.
Komen also may use Aggregate Information for internal purposes, such as tracking demographic data and providing targeted content to make the Sites more useful to our visitors. The gathering of this Aggregate Information may be accomplished by the use of cookies or web beacons by Komen and its third party service providers. In particular, Komen will collect an IP Address from all visitors to the Sites. An IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Komen may share Aggregate Information with its research grant recipients, content providers, sponsors, service providers or other third parties to advance the goals of research, education, dissemination or information and otherwise in fulfillment of the Promise. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Sites, analyze trends, track users’ movement on the Sites, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Sites, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses, however, are not linked to Personal Information. Komen also may use a unique assigned number located with the Sites’ URL to determine the website from which you navigated to get to the Sites. While this number may not be apparent to you, it does not contain your Personal Information.
Do Komen websites use COOKIES, OTHER TECHNOLOGIES or THIRD PARTIES to INDIRECTLY collect information?
The Sites may use cookies to enhance your experience while using the Sites. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you do not see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Sites will not function properly when you view them.
The Sites also may use other technologies to track the specific pages viewed by visitors on the Sites or to target specific content that might be of interest to you. These technologies help us to understand how visitors use the Sites. However, you will have the option to opt out (or opt on if applicable law requires) of receiving such targeted content on those pages of our Sites where this technology is used.
Does Komen SHARE the information that I have provided or that has been collected?
Komen may need to share Personal Information with third parties in limited circumstances. For example, we may release Personal Information to third parties to perform services such as advising you of our upcoming events, products, volunteer opportunities, fundraising and partner-related product opportunities benefiting Komen, breast health/breast cancer information or processing credit card payments or hosting the Sites (and/or features available on the Sites). However, such third parties are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of Personal Information and are not authorized to use Personal Information for any purpose other than providing those services.
From time to time, we may be required to provide Personal Information or Aggregate Information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law, or if we reasonably believe that you have committed unlawful acts or acts that may endanger the health or safety of another user or the general public. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
We also reserve the right to share, assign or transfer your Personal information to any of our Affiliates or any successor in interest to our organization by merger, reorganization, or operation of law.
In addition, Komen may make your name and postal address available to other non-profit organizations whose services or activities may be of interest to you.
Do I have CHOICES regarding how my Personal Information is used?
Komen may make your name and postal address available to other nonprofit organizations whose services or activities may be of interest to you. If you would like to opt out of having Komen share your name and postal address with those organizations, please click here : Opt Out. Please include your full name and mailing address in the email.
If your Personal Information is currently being used by Komen or its Affiliates to send you marketing communications, you can opt out at any time. All marketing e-mail communications from Komen tell you how to stop receiving them; however, to opt out of receiving marketing communications from Komen
1. E-mail our Privacy Manager ; or
2. Follow directions on a marketing e-mail communication from us; or
3. Send a request to
Susan G. Komen
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas 75244
Attn: Legal Department
Komen has made available the public forums on the Sites so that you may have an opportunity to interact with other Site visitors in order to share knowledge and news or participate in fundraising events benefiting Komen and its Affiliates. Since participation in such forums is voluntary, you control what personal information may be disclosed to others. In order to avoid your email address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for unsolicited, inappropriate or harmful purposes, Komen advises that you should be cautious about posting your email address or phone number or other personal information to newsgroups, blogs, message boards, or other public forums. In addition, access to Personal Information contained in your account is protected by use of a password so keep your password private and secure.
How can I UPDATE or CHANGE my information?
Komen wants your account (including without limitation, your Personal Information and preferences) to be accurate and complete. To update or change your Personal Information, visit our user login page and log on to your own account. You can update your Personal Information after logging in to your account. You also can send your updated Personal Information by mail (or a written request for a hard-copy of your Personal Information in your account) to:
Susan G. Komen
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas 75244
Attn: Legal Department
How does Komen SECURE my personal information?
Komen maintains commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the Personal Information provided by you. Such security safeguards are intended to be appropriate to the sensitivity of the Personal Information collected. To the extent Komen transfers any Personal Information to third parties, Komen will use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that such third parties to whom it may transfer any Personal Information have knowledge of this Privacy Policy and provide sufficient protection of such Personal Information. In particular, Komen requires that a secure session be established using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) protocol when you submit Personal Information to us through your use of the Sites to establish an account, use the shopping cart, input credit card or debit card information for payment, and access certain web pages on the Sites. Additionally, Komen utilizes digital certificates issued by VeriSign, an established signer of digital certificates.
Komen is committed to properly securing the Personal Information collected online. To help us accomplish this, we take the following steps:
We employ internal access controls to ensure that the only people who see your information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties.
We train relevant personnel on our privacy and security measures.
We physically secure the areas where we hold hard copies of the information that we collect online.
We regularly back up the information that we collect online to insure against loss.
We use technical controls to secure the information that we collect online as appropriate, including but not limited to: Secure Socket Layer (SSL), encryption, firewalls, and password protections.
We periodically test our security procedures to ensure personnel and technical compliance.
Please note that Personal Information stored on the Sites will be collected, stored and processed in the United States of America. By this Privacy Policy, Komen has intended to abide by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of data from the European Union and the PIPEDA regarding the collection, use and retention of data from Canada.
Does Komen collect information from CHILDREN?
Since the Sites are not designed specifically for children, Komen does not intentionally collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a person under the age of 13, we will automatically delete it.
If I give Komen the name and email address of my family or friends, how is that information used?
If you elect to use any features of the Sites (such as “Tell A Friend”) to inform a friend about the Sites or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Komen may ask for your friend’s name and email address. The Sites may automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Komen will store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. Your friend may contact Komen to request the removal of this information from our databases.
Whom can I CONTACT if I have questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy?
Komen has designated our Privacy Manager who can be contacted at the Komen contact address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Manager is accountable for Komen’s online compliance with this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or if you have a claim concerning our compliance with this Privacy Policy, you can e-mail our Privacy Manager. Please provide a description of your claims or questions in sufficient detail so as to permit our Privacy Manager to investigate your claims or questions fully and contact you. It is our intent to make available to you through our Privacy Manager specific information about this Privacy Policy and our management of your Personal Information as may be required by applicable law.
Will this Privacy Policy CHANGE?
Since the Sites will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats that we deem acceptable, so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it and what choices you have.
What constitutes my acceptance of this Privacy Policy?
By using the Sites, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Sites after the effective date of any modification to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. You agree to review the Privacy Policy each time you use the Sites so that you are aware of such modifications.
How does Komen protect the information that I may provide by telephone or regular mail or in person?
Komen implements these same policies and procedures to protect the privacy of any Personal Information voluntarily submitted by you to Komen via telephone or regular mail or in person. Our Privacy Manager also is accountable for Komen’s off-line compliance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about any Personal Information provided by one of these off-line methods, you may check your on-line account or otherwise contact our Privacy Manager by email, regular mail or telephone at the contact address listed in this Privacy Policy.
Where can I get more information about the Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Susan G. Komen
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas 75244
Attn: Legal Department
Phone: 1-877 GO KOMEN (1.877.465.6636)
Fax: (972) 855-4301
Terms of Use
IMPORTANT: Please review the following terms and conditions carefully. These Terms Of Use are a legally binding contract between you and Susan G. Komen (“Komen” or “our” or “we” or “us”) pertaining to the access and use of the services offered, and all products, information, content, media, content, printed materials and “online” or other electronic documentation accessible from, www.komen.org or any sub-domains thereof or other websites operated by or for Komen (collectively, the “Sites”).
The Sites are all offered by Komen to you free of charge on the express condition that you accept, without modification, and abide by these Terms Of Use. Your access and use of the Sites is conditioned upon your continued compliance with these Terms Of Use. Please read these Terms Of Use carefully, as your use of the Sites constitutes your acceptance of these Terms Of Use. Komen reserves the right to change the Terms Of Use any time by reasonable notice, including without limitation by posting revised terms on the Sites (which shall constitute reasonable notice), and such amended terms shall be binding upon you; thus, you should consult the most recent version of these Terms Of Use each time that you view the Sites.
The Promise
Komen was founded on one promise made between two sisters. Komen is committed to saving lives and ending breast cancer forever by empowering people, ensuring quality care for all and energizing science to find the cures (the “Promise”). The Sites are designed, and all uses of the Sites are intended, to be in furtherance of the Promise.
Disclaimer
You acknowledge that the materials on the Sites are provided “as is” for general information only and without warranties of any kind. The materials on the Sites are not meant to be used for self-diagnosis or to replace the services of a medical professional. While Komen endeavors to keep the materials on the Sites current, healthcare information changes rapidly and thus, the materials on the Sites should not be relied upon to be fully comprehensive or error free. Komen does not recommend, endorse or make any warranties or representations of any kind with regard to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, quality, efficacy or non-infringement of any of the programs, materials, products or other information provided on the Sites or by the companies or organizations linked or referred to in the Sites. The Sites do not offer medical advice or recommendations to individuals and you should not rely on the information posted on the Sites as a substitute for consultations with qualified health care professionals who are familiar with individual medical conditions and needs. Komen does not advocate that you attempt to treat yourself, your family or someone you know without proper medical supervision. Komen encourages you to seek the guidance of your healthcare provider if you feel that you, your family or someone that you know suffers from the conditions described on the Sites.
In certain instances Komen permits third parties to provide testimonials and information, and in certain situations, create personal home pages for fundraising purposes in furtherance of the Promise. Komen may from time to time post articles and other information provided by third parties that might be of interest or benefit to the public. You acknowledge that the opinions and recommendations of third parties contained on the Sites are not necessarily those of Komen or endorsed by Komen.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
Unless otherwise indicated, Komen or its licensors holds the copyright to all materials on the Sites, including without limitation, research materials, photographs, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, content, sound recordings, tutorials, white papers, audio/visual clips and design. Additionally, Komen owns all of the trademarks, service marks, slogans and logos (collectively, the “Marks”) used and displayed on the Sites, unless otherwise noted. Without the explicit consent of Komen, no material from the Sites (including, without limitation, the Marks), may be copied, reproduced, displayed, republished, downloaded, posted, digitized, translated, modified, transmitted, distributed or commercially exploited in any way. Any unauthorized use of materials contained on the Sites may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. We retain all rights not expressly granted, and nothing in these Terms Of Use constitutes a waiver of any rights under copyright laws or any other federal, state or local law, regulation, ordinance or treaty. Nothing in these Terms Of Use should be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under or to any intellectual property right, including without limitation, any patent, trademark, service mark or copyright of Komen or any third party.
Komen will allow you to view and print information, documents and web pages located on the Sites for your own personal use but not for any for-profit or commercial activities or purposes or resale; provided that (i) the copies must retain any copyright, intellectual property, proprietary or other notices or disclaimers contained in the original materials, (ii) you must give attribution to Komen and if possible provide a reference to Komen’s main site www.komen.org, (iii) the material must be printed in its entirety without modification, reformatting, adaptation or adjustment, and (iv) if you combine the materials with other hard copy materials, you must clearly designate which portion of the complete work is Komen’s material. No electronic copies are permitted. If you share the printed materials with others, you agree to advise any person to whom you share the materials as to these Terms Of Use and they must agree to abide by these Terms Of Use. Failure to abide by these conditions will immediately terminate this permission and may result in the infringement of the copyrights and/or trademarks owned by Komen or its licensors.
Sponsors
Komen may choose to acknowledge certain persons and companies who have provided donations or sponsorships in furtherance of the Promise. Such acknowledgement may be in the form of recognition on the Sites by use of such persons or companies’ own names or marks and/or links to such person or companies’ own websites. However, Komen does not solicit or permit the purchase or use of advertisements or commercial endorsements on the Sites by any person or company (including, without limitation, its sponsors and donors). If you choose to click on the links to any of our sponsors’ websites or otherwise engage in any correspondence or business dealings with or other purchase of products or services from any of our sponsors, you do so on your own initiative and you agree that Komen is not responsible or liable for any loss or damages of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings or as a result of the acknowledgement of or links to such sponsors in conjunction with the Sites.
Links To Other Sites; Link Agreement
Komen may provide links to other Internet sites or resources. Komen likewise may permit others to post on certain public forums links to other Internet sites or resources. The information provided to you in such links are provided solely for your interactive enjoyment. The results are not guaranteed to be accurate and are in no way endorsed, offered or guaranteed by Komen.
Links to the Sites are permitted by Komen only in accordance with Komen’s Link Agreement. You should be aware that links to the Sites may be provided from other sites, either known or unknown to Komen, and some links to the Sites may be unauthorized, and accessing any other site linked to or from the Sites is done at your own risk. Komen has not reviewed and is not responsible for the content of any third party sites linked to or from the Sites.
General Indemnification
You agree that you will hold harmless Komen, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers, licensors and suppliers from all claims arising out of or related to your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, the Sites or other sites to which they are linked. If your use of materials from the Sites results in the need for servicing, repair of equipment or data, you will assume any costs thereof.
Limitation of Liability
In no event and under no circumstances shall Komen or the contributors of information to the Sites or our sponsors, licensors or authorized representatives be liable to you or any third party for special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages (including without limitation any loss of profits, lost savings, or loss of data) arising out of your (or any authorized user’s) or any unrelated party’s use or inability to use the Sites, or your (or any authorized user’s) or any unrelated party’s reliance or use of information, products or services provided on or through the Internet, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletions of files or other data loss, errors, defects, delays in operation, service or transmission or any failure of performance of the Sites, even if we, or any of our authorized representatives, have been advised of the possibility of such damage and even if the remedies stated in these Terms Of Use fail of their essential purpose.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SITES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL SERVICES AND CONTENT) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. There is no warranty, representation or guarantee that the Sites will continuously operate or be error free or that any problems will be corrected, or that any information, software or other material accessible from the Sites is free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other harmful components. Further, we do not warrant, guarantee, or make any representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of the Sites either in terms of its compatibility with hardware or other software, its reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and you rely on the Sites solely at your own risk. ANY AND ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS OF THE PRODUCT FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, QUALITY, COURSE OF DEALINGS, USAGE OF TRADE, INACCURACY IN CONTENT CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO PERFORM WITH REASONABLE CARE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
THE SITES ARE MANAGED IN THE STATE OF TEXAS, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. KOMEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT IT OPERATES (OR IS LEGALLY PERMITTED TO OPERATE) IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC AREAS. KOMEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SITES, SERVICES OR INFORMATION FOUND THROUGH THE SITES OR SERVICES IS APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN ALL GEOGRAPHIC LOCATIONS, AND ACCESSING THE SITES FROM TERRITORIES WHERE THE CONTENT OF THE SITES IS ILLEGAL IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU VIEW THE SITES AND/OR ACCESS THE SERVICES FROM ANY COUNTRY OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE DOING SO ON YOUR OWN INITIATIVE AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS.
Website Services
Services. In furtherance of the Promise, Komen may offer from time to time certain services or features on the Sites (including without limitation, message boards, blogs, chatrooms, public forums, personal home pages, on-line donations, shopping carts and tutorials) (collectively, the “Services”). The following terms under these Terms Of Use pertain to your ability to use the Services made available by Komen on the Sites. Komen will permit your use of the Services free of charge on the express condition that you accept, without modification, and abide by these Terms Of Use, only for as long as your use of the Services are helping Komen to fulfill the Promise.
Account Set Up. Browsing of the Sites public pages is currently provided free of charge to any person. However, access to the Services and certain features of the Sites will require an account to be first established and activated for you. You may sign up for an account by accessing the Sites and following the direction for setting up an account. When you register for an account, you will be asked to create a unique user name (and/or a forum name), a password and a valid email address for your account. You will be asked whether you have read these Terms Of Use and agree to abide by its terms. You may be asked specific questions if you are seeking to use certain features of the Sites (such as a Personal Home Page), and your answers to those questions will determine whether or not you are eligible to register for those features. If you answer “I agree” and you answer all of the questions posed for each feature and otherwise are eligible, your account may be activated. If you answer “I Do Not Agree” or otherwise do not answer all of the questions or otherwise are not eligible, your account will not be activated and you will not be permitted to access the Services online. Komen reserves the right to decline to activate an account for any person for any reason. If your account is activated, you will receive a notification email immediate after you register and you must confirm your email address and acceptance of these Terms Of Use by clicking on the confirmation link in the notification email. Once you have confirmed, you will be permitted to log in, view, load, post and use the Services and the specific features of each Komen public forum or service for which you have been registered. By making such confirmation, you acknowledge that you have read these Terms Of Use, understand your rights and obligations, and agree to be bound by these Terms Of Use. You acknowledge that certain Services will be provided subject to additional terms and conditions (or a separate written agreement only) and you agree that you will abide by such additional terms and conditions applicable to those Services.
Password Protection. You must have a password to access the Services online via your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and protecting against unauthorized use of your password. You also are responsible for all activities that occur under your password and user name or your account made by you or others. You will immediately notify Komen if your password is lost, stolen, disclosed to an unauthorized third party or otherwise has been compromised or if there is any other breach of security. You must ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You will be permitted to access only those portions of the Sites for which you have been granted permission to use by Komen.
Account Requirements. In consideration of your use of the Sites and the Services, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our account activation form; and (ii) maintain and promptly update such account information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such account information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Sites or the Services or any portion thereof.
Parental Consent. As part of the account activation process, you must certify that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18, then your parent or legal guardian may establish an account for each minor child who may use the Services. In such event, the parent or legal guardian must certify that he or she is at least 18 years old and that he or she is the parent or legal guardian of the child/children listed on the account. The parent or legal guardian also must provide his or her contact information. By creating an account for a minor, the parent or legal guardian gives your minor child permission to access all of the Sites and the Services. As the legal guardian or parent, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Sites and the Services and/or information contained on the Sites is appropriate for the minor child and whether the minor child should participate in any feature of the Sites or Services, including without limitation the message boards, blogs or chatrooms. You should understand that we may disclose any activity under the minor child’s account to the parent or legal guardian.
Message Boards & Other Public Forums. As part of your account, you may participate in certain message boards, blogs, chatrooms, instant messaging and other public forums. Your participation is voluntary; however by choosing to post or send a message or blog or otherwise participate in any public forum, you acknowledge and agree that any information or content provided by you may be viewed by the general public and will not be treated as private or confidential. You further agree that Komen may use the posted content in any manner that it deems necessary or appropriate. Komen reserves the right to edit or abridge content for any reason and to edit, refuse to post or remove any content submitted by you or others. Komen cannot and does not guarantee that it will post every content submitted or that such content will not be offensive, defamatory, or objectionable. Although Komen reserves the right to remove without notice any posting for any reason, Komen has no obligation to delete content that you personally may find objectionable or offensive. Komen does not control in real time the information posted via the Services and as such does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such information. In addition to other disclaimers found in these Terms Of Use, Komen does not endorse or make any warranties or representations with regard to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness or any content posted on any Komen public forum.
Personal Home Page. While accessing or using the Sites, you may be provided access to website development tools and the use of a fundraising web space that can be personalized with your own content or otherwise to create a personal webpage (a “Personal Home Page”). Your Personal Home Page may have several features such as my story page, a slide show (up to 10 photos with captions), a link to donate to “my Komen event”, a link to testimonials or comments that can be edited only by you), donation goal (optional), personal URL at komen.org (or such other sub-domain or URL as may be designated by Komen), guest book and email address book. In addition to these Terms Of Use, your use of the Personal Home Page and related Services may require your agreement and compliance with supplemental terms at the time that you register for a Personal Home Page.
Posted Content. You may post messages, text, photos, testimonials or other content on the Site via the public forums or your Personal Home Page. Any content submitted to Komen will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you authorize Komen and its affiliates and licensees, without compensation to you or others, to copy, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, publicly display or otherwise use such information in furtherance of its operations and the Promise throughout the world in any format or media (whether now know or hereafter created) for the duration of any copyright or other rights in such content, and such permission may not be revoked for any reason. To the extent permitted under applicable law, you waive and release and covenant not to assert any moral rights that you may have in any content posted by you. By posting such content on the Sites, you represent to Komen that you own or have the right to use and permit Komen to use such content in the manner stated above. By way of example and not limitation, if you post a photograph of yourself with others, you need to first obtain permission or a release from the other people appearing in the photograph to use their image on your Personal Home Page, and you need to be the owner or licensee of the copyright in the photograph. You agree not to post any photographs or text that belongs to any person other than yourself or that contains the name, voice or likeness of any person other than yourself unless you first obtain permission to do so from that person. If you identify yourself by name or provide a picture or audio or video recording of yourself on your Personal Home Page, you further authorize Komen and its affiliates and licensees (without compensation to you or others) to reproduce, print, publish and disseminate in any format or media (whether now known or hereafter created) your name, voice and likenesses in furtherance of Komen’s operations and the Promise throughout the world, and any such permission cannot be revoked for any reason.
Availability of Service. Komen reserves the right to establish general practices and limits concerning the Services and user accounts at any time (and may modify such practices and limits at its sole discretion), including without limitation the maximum number of days that your or any third-party’s information, pictures, content or email will be retained and the maximum amount of disk space that will be allotted on Komen’s servers on your behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that Komen shall have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to deliver or store your Personal Home Page or any other public forum, or any information, pictures, content or email provided by or stored by you on your Personal Homepage or any other public forum, regardless of whether such deletion or failure was due to the established practices or limits of the Services or as a result of error, intentional misconduct, or negligence of Komen. You acknowledge that Komen reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time and reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to modify or discontinue, either temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Komen shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.
Privacy of Patient Information. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) may regulate and limit the use and disclosure of your private health information by certain healthcare institutions. However, you should know that the HIPAA regulations apply to information gathered in the treatment of patients and not to information gathered by or through the Sites. For details on how Komen protects the privacy of personally identifiable information gathered by or through the Sites, please see our Privacy Policy.
Shopping Cart Purchases & On-Line Donations. In order to purchase products from the Sites’ store or make donations online, you must submit the necessary contact and payment information, including, without limitation, your name, address, credit card and email. You are responsible for the accuracy of the information in your account(s) supplied by you to Komen. By providing such information to Komen by any means (e.g.: email, fax, telephone, mail, etc.), you represent that any information or materials provided by you shall be accurate, complete and correct and that you shall have lawful right to provide such information to Komen for use in processing your orders or receiving your donations from the Sites. In order to purchase the products or make donations online using the payment method displayed on the Web site (e.g., VISA, Mastercard, PayPals, etc.), you must be 18 years of age or over. By using the Sites’ payment method, you confirm that you possess the legal authority to enter into the conditions of use for the Sites, including, without limitation, instructing Komen or its authorized vendors to collect any payments from a credit or debit card, and to use the Sites in accordance with all terms and conditions of these Terms Of Use. Billing to your credit card or to your account occurs at the time of purchase or donation or shortly thereafter. All sales of merchandise purchased from Komen on the Sites are subject to Komen’s standard sales terms and conditions, which contain certain warranty and liability limitations. All returns and exchanges of merchandise purchased from Komen on the Sites are subject to Komen’s standard return and exchange policy. Komen will charge tax in states where such purchases are taxable and your invoice will include both the purchase price and sales tax based on the bill-to address for you for your credit card at the sales tax rates then in effect at the time of purchase. You agree that you are responsible for all charges incurred by your use of the Sites and you expressly authorize Komen to charge the credit card provided by you or listed on your account for any outstanding fees or costs due to Komen or any donations submitted online via the Sites.
Services Indemnification. IN ADDITION TO THE GENERAL INDEMNIFICATION PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD KOMEN AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, VOLUNTEERS, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY LAWSUIT, CLAIM, DAMAGE, LIABILITY, OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES) INCURRED BY KOMEN AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, VOLUNTEERS, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS PERTAINING TO KOMEN’S USE OF THE INFORMATION AND CONTENT PROVIDED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, YOUR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY (SET FORTH BELOW), YOUR WILLFUL MIDSCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT OR RIGHT OF PUBLICITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY THIRD PARTY THAT RELATES TO ANY INFORMATION, IMAGE, VOICE, NAME OR CONTENT PROVIDED BY YOU IN CONECTION WITH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF ANY SUCH CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE ARE BASED IN WHOLE OR IN PART ON KOMEN’S OWN NEGLIGENCE. IN NO EVENT SHALL KOMEN’S AGGREGATE AND COMPLETE LIABILITY TO YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY AND ALL OF ITS SERVICES PROVIDED VIA THE SITES, HOWEVER ARISING, EXCEED A MAXIMUM OF $100.00.
Acceptable Use Policy for Services & Sites
You will not, and will not allow or authorize others to, use the Services or the Sites to take any actions that: (i) infringe on any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including those regarding export control); (iii) are defamatory, trade libelous, threatening, harassing, invasive of privacy, stalking, harassment, abusive, tortuous conduct, hateful, discrimination based on race, ethnicity, gender, sex or disability, pornographic or obscene; (iv) interfere with or disrupt any services or equipment with the intent of causing an excessive or disproportionate load on Komen or its licensors or suppliers’ infrastructure; (v) involve knowingly distributing viruses, Trojan horses, worms, or other similar harmful or deleterious programming routines; (vi) involve the preparation and/or distribution of “junk mail”, “spam”, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes” or other deceptive on-line marketing practices or any unsolicited bulk email or unsolicited commercial email or otherwise in a manner that violate the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM Act of 2003); (vii) would encourage conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international laws or regulations; (viii) involve the unauthorized entry to any machine accessible via the Services or interference with the Sites or any servers or networks connected to the Sites or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites, or attempt to breach the security of or disrupt Internet communications on the Sites (including without limitation accessing data to which you are not the intended recipient or logging into a server or account for which you are not expressly authorized); (ix) impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, one of Komen’s or other’s officers or employees, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (x) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted through the Sites; (xi) collect or store personal data about other account users or attempt to gain access to other account users’ accounts or otherwise mine information about other account users or the Sites; (xii) execute any form of network monitoring or run a network analyzer or packet sniffer or other technology to intercept, decode, mine or display any packets used to communicate between the Sites’ servers or any data not intended for you; (xiii) attempt to circumvent authentication or security of any content, host, network or account (“cracking”) on or from the Sites; or (xiv) are contrary to Komen’s public image, goodwill, reputation or mission or otherwise not in furtherance of the Promise.
In addition you will not, and will not assist, enable or permit others to, directly or indirectly (i) modify, enhance, alter, or prepare derivative works based on any of Komen or its licensors or supplier’s content, software or infrastructure, (ii) decompile, decode, unlock, attempt to discover the source code of, or otherwise reverse engineer, any of Komen or its licensors or supplier’s software or infrastructure, or (iii) sublicense, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, or convey any rights under these Terms Of Use to any third party, or otherwise commercially exploit or profit from the information or content of the Sites (or any part or portion thereof).
IMPROPER USE OF THE SITES WILL RESULT IN LOSS OF YOUR ACCOUNT ACCESS AND MAY RESULT IN CIVIL AND CRIMINAL LIABILITIES.
Term & Termination
These Terms Of Use are effective from the date that you first access the Sites or on the date that you activate your account for the Services, whichever is earlier, and continues in effect until terminated in accordance with these Terms Of Use.
Komen may terminate your access to the Sites or the Services at any time for any reason. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to: (i) breaches or violations of these Terms Of Use; (ii) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies; (iii) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions); (iv) discontinuance or material modification to the Services (or any part thereof); (v) unexpected technical or security issues or problems; (vi) extended periods of inactivity; (vii) fraudulent or illegal activities performed by or on behalf of you in connection with the Services or the Sites; (viii) discontinuance of the Services as a whole; (ix) a statement by you that you no longer agree to these Terms Of Use, or a statement by you otherwise requesting termination of your access to the Services; (x) completion of the Komen or other fundraising event or program in which you are participating; and/or (xi) any other reason reasonably considered by Komen to be in its best interest.
Your access to the Sites or the Services also will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms Of Use. You agree that any termination of your account and/or your access to the Sites or the Services may be effected without prior notice and you acknowledge and agree that Komen may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information, files or content in your account and/or bar any access to such information or content by you or others. Komen shall not be obligated to return or provide copies of any information, files or content in your account to you upon deactivation.
You may deactivate your account at any time subject to full payment of any costs or donations charged to your account(s). In order for us to deactivate your account, you must provide us with written notice. You may look under “My Account” and follow the instructions for providing written notice to us so that your account will be deactivated. You acknowledge that our entire liability and your exclusive remedy under these Terms Of Use for any dispute with us shall be your right to terminate your account in accordance with this section.
You further agree that the Komen shall not be liable to any third-party for any termination or deactivation of your access to your account(s) or the Sites.
Upon termination, Komen will have no further obligation or responsibility to you with respect to the Services terminated, and you will have no further obligation or responsibility to Komen with respect to the Services terminated or the Sites; provided, however, the foregoing statement does not apply to any liability, responsibility, or obligation of either party existing or arising prior to the effective date of termination. Your obligations under these Terms Of Use, which by their nature are intended to survive termination (such as indemnification) shall survive the termination of your access to the Sites or the Services.
Deactivation of the Sites
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Sites, or any part or portion thereof, with or without notice to you. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites, or any part or portion thereof. Nothing in these Terms Of Use shall be construed to obligate Komen to maintain and support the Sites, or any part or portion thereof, during the term of these Terms Of Use.
Notice of Claims of Intellectual Property Violations
The content of the Sites may include pictures, information, testimonials, letters, marks, slogans and other content uploaded or provided by third parties or otherwise received from third parties. Komen does not permit the use of content on the Sites that infringes on the copyright or trademarks or rights of publicity of others, and will remove any such content that violates the copyright or trademarks or other rights of others if properly notified of such violation in accordance with the procedure set forth in these Terms Of Use. If you believe that any of the content on the Sites infringes your copyright or trademark rights or your rights of publicity, please provide Komen’s general counsel (whose contact information provided below) with the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work or mark or publicity right claimed to have been infringed, or, if you believe that multiple works, marks or publicity rights have been infringed on the Sites, a representative list of such works, marks or publicity rights.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Komen to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Komen to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Komen’s agent for the notice of any claim of infringement of any copyright or trademark or right of publicity is its General Counsel, who can be reached, as follows:
By mail:
Susan G. Komen
Attention: Legal Department
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas USA 75244
Please provide all of the information requested above. No specific form is required to provide Komen with notifications of possible infringement. However, it will take Komen longer to process your notice if any of this information is not provided, and in some cases, we may not be able to process your notice.
COPPA
Komen does not knowingly solicit data from children or knowingly market to children. Komen is concerned about the safety of children and their use of the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Childrens’ Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, it does not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. In the event that Komen receives actual knowledge that it has collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, Komen will delete that information from the Sites as quickly as is reasonably practical.
Privacy
Komen understands that many visitors to the Sites may be concerned about the information that they may provide or that may be generated from their use of the Sites and how Komen may use such information. Protecting privacy is an important priority to Komen. Our Privacy Policy governs the collection, use, retention and disclosure of personal information gathered from the Sites and you can view our Privacy Policy.
Equitable Remedies
You agree that, if the terms of these Terms Of Use are not specifically enforced, we will be irreparably damaged, and therefore you agree that we shall be entitled, without bond, other security or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect any breach(es), in addition to any other available remedies.
Governing Law; Venue; Statute of Limitations
These Terms Of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., excluding any conflict of laws, rules or similar principals, and the applicable laws, regulations and treaties of the United States of America. Any action arising out of any dispute with respect to this Agreement shall only be brought in the state or federal courts located in Dallas County, Texas. You agree that the statute of limitations for any claim against Komen shall be brought within one year from when the claim arose, and any claims not brought within such period of time shall be deemed waived.
Dispute Resolution
In the event of any dispute arising out of these Terms Of Use, you and Komen each agree to use good faith efforts to resolve our differences amicably. In the event those efforts are unsuccessful, you and Komen agree not to commence litigation until attempting to resolve our dispute through mediation. Either you or Komen may initiate the mediation process with thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the other. The dispute shall be submitted to mediation in Dallas, Texas, U.S.A. Costs of mediation shall be borne equally by both you and Komen. Mediation of the dispute shall be completed within fifteen (15) days of commencement, unless you and Komen agree to extend the time by mutual agreement or unless the mediator declares you and Komen to be at an impasse. Notwithstanding the above, in the event that Komen believes that immediate injunctive relief is required to protect its rights, Komen may invoke the immediate powers of the appropriate court of law without the requirement to first mediate the dispute.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms Of Use is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision shall be fully severable from these Terms Of Use and shall not effect the legality, validity, or enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms Of Use.
Failure by us to enforce any particular term of these Terms Of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of any of our rights hereunder.
These Terms Of Use have been written in the English language and the English language shall control. These Terms Of Use, which are in English, shall be interpreted in accordance with the commonly understood meaning of the words and phrases in the United States of America. You waive any right that you may have under local law to receive these Terms Of Use in any language other than English.
These Terms Of Use (and each supplemental agreement referenced in or referencing these Terms Of Use found on the Sites) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Komen with respect to the Sites and the Services.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding these Terms Of Use, you may write to Komen:
By mail:
Susan G. Komen
Attention: Legal Department
5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250
Dallas, Texas USA 75244
Link Agreement
Susan G. Komen (“Komen”) does not provide links from its website(s) to external sites except as specified by business or contractual relationships with partners/sponsors and select information providers.
Permission to create a link to any Komen Internet websites (the “Sites”) is granted upon compliance with the conditions described in this Link Agreement. By creating a link to any of the Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms stated in this Link Agreement. Komen reserves the right to change these conditions at any time without prior notice, and compliance with such revised terms is a prerequisite to your continued right to link to the Sites.
Komen expects persons or organizations that link to the Sites to provide factually correct information and to uphold high ethical standards in developing and presenting information. Permission to link to the Sites is limited to: (i) active volunteers or participants in any event sponsored or benefiting Komen or its affiliates; (ii) donors or sponsors with formal affiliations with Komen or its affiliates; (iii) recipients of Komen grants or sponsorships using language outlined in the funding contracts; (iv) organizations actively participating in breast cancer research or education or aid to breast cancer survivors or other activities in fulfillment of Komen’s Promise; (v) community non-profit organizations serving the needs of breast cancer survivors; or (vi) individuals or organizations that, through the approval of Komen, are members of advocacy or grassroots fundraising groups. If you do not fall into any of these categories, please contact Komen prior to linking.
Links may only be established to the homepage of the Sites. Links to any main section page or sub-section within, and/or any featured area of the Sites, are prohibited.
When linking to the Sites, you may use either a text link or a generic pink ribbon graphic of your own design. You must use hypertext only and it must be in the following form: “Susan G. Komen®.” Any variation without written consent from Komen will result in immediate termination of your rights to link to the Sites. Please note that only official sponsors or partners affiliated with Komen who have a written license agreement with Komen may use the official Komen registered pink ribbon logo (or any other Komen trademarks, service marks, logos or slogans) as a link.
When linking to the Sites, you may not create a frame around the information provided from the Sites or represent it differently in any way other than it is presented on the Sites.
When linking to the Sites, you may not state or imply that Komen is endorsing you and/or any of the products or services that you or your organization provides. Additionally, you may not represent that you or your organization has a relationship with Komen or any of the events, products or services that Komen provides unless that relationship is the subject of a written agreement that has been signed by Komen. You must clearly communicate to the public that you are one of the persons or organizations permitted to link (as identified above) by stating that you are a donor or breast cancer survivor or Komen supporter, etc., as applicable.
By linking to the Sites, you acknowledge the following:
Except for sponsor materials or unless otherwise indicated, Komen holds the copyright to all materials on the Sites. Further, except for trademarks, service marks and logos of its sponsors, or unless otherwise indicated, Komen owns all of the trademarks, service marks and logos (“Marks”) used and displayed on the Sites. Without the express written consent of Komen, you may not copy, reproduce, display, republish, download, post or otherwise use any of the material or Marks from the Sites on your website or on another website. Any use of the Marks requires a separate agreement with Komen and is permitted only subject to, and in accordance with, Komen’s standard branding guidelines and quality control and trademark guidelines and license of use of the Marks.
Komen assumes no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any content of any website that is linked to the Sites.
You agree to hold harmless Komen, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers, affiliates and licensors from all claims arising out of or related to your link to, or inability to link to, the Sites. If your link to the Sites results in the need for servicing or repair of equipment or data, you agree to assume any costs thereof.
Komen reserves the right to terminate any links to the Sites as it deems necessary, with or without cause or warning. If Komen chooses to exercise this right, you will be required to remove your link to the Sites immediately.
You agree to comply at all times with the Terms Of Use posted on the Sites, which are incorporated into this Link Agreement by reference.