http://www.awhonn.org/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Search for:
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditionsadmin2020-08-18T16:31:33+00:00
AWHONN WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY SEEKING MEDICAL CARE FOR YOURSELF OR YOUR PATIENTS BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on October 8, 2015
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY; THIS IS A BINDING CONTRACT. This website (this “Website”) is a service offered by The Association of Women’s Health, Obstetric & Neonatal Nurses (AWHONN). This Terms of Use Agreement (the “Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) describes the terms and conditions applicable to your access and use of this Website and AWHONN’s services. AWHONN may revise this Agreement at any time by posting the amended Terms of Use on this Website, and you agree that you will be bound by any changes to the Terms of Use. For your convenience, the date of last revision is included at the top of this page. AWHONN may make changes in the services described on this Website at any time. You understand that AWHONN may discontinue or restrict your use of this Website for any reason.
USE OF MATERIALS ON THIS SITE.
The content on this Website includes, but is not limited to, text, graphics, images, photographs, illustrations, trademarks, tradenames, service marks, logos, information obtained from AWHONN’s licensors, and other materials (“Content”).  Title to the Content on this Website remains with AWHONN. AWHONN invites you to view and use a single copy of the materials obtained from this Website for your personal, informational, non-commercial use. Except as expressly permitted on this Website, you agree not to license, distribute, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or re-sell any information, Content, or services obtained from this Website. No graphics, photographs or other visual elements obtained through this Website may be used, copied, or distributed separate from the accompanying text without the prior express written consent of the original owner or AWHONN. You are not permitted to use the materials on this Website except as expressly set forth herein. You may not under any circumstances attempt to deface, shut down or otherwise damage this Website. You may not, without AWHONN’s written permission, “mirror”, frame or embed any Content contained in this Website or any other server. You understand that AWHONN may, at any time and without notice, discontinue, update or change the website, discontinue or restrict your use of this website, or change its content or product offerings.
PERMISSIONS.
All AWHONN products are protected by copyright. These materials may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any other means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying without permission in writing from the Association of Women’s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses. Requests for permission to use or reproduce material should be directed to permissions@awhonn.org or mailed to: Permissions, AWHONN, 1800 M Street NW, Suite 740 South, Washington D.C. 20036 or request permissions online at awhonn.org/Reprint-Permissions
APPLICATION.
These Terms and Conditions apply to the AWHONN national website and AWHONN Section websites accessed by links on this website. These Terms and Conditions do not apply to any other website, including the Nursing Career Center, Nursing for Women’s Health (formerly AWHONN Lifelines) website (nwhjournal.org), JOGNN website (jognn.org), Healthy Mom & Baby website (health4mom.org) or the websites of third parties that have links on the AWHONN national website or AWHONN Section websites.
PRIVACY & SECURITY.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password, and you are responsible for all uses of your registration or password, and any and all related charges, whether or not authorized by you. AWHONN uses SSL encryption for transmitting information over the Internet and uses a certified third party for handling ecommerce transactions online.  You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your registration number or password.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the AWHONN website.  AWHONN will investigate actual and suspected security breaches and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. AWHONN has taken all reasonable precautions to secure the personal information available. Although this precaution should effectively protect any personal information from abuse or outside interference, a certain degree of privacy risk is faced any time information is shared over the Internet.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
We are under no legal obligation to, and generally do not, control the information provided by other users that is made available through the website. By its very nature, other people’s information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases may be mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that you will use caution and common sense when using this website. Publication of materials on this website should not be construed as any warranty or guarantee of any strategy, recommendation, treatment, action, or application of medication made by the author of the materials.
AWHONN does not warrant that the AWHONN website will operate error-free or that the AWHONN website and its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If your use of the AWHONN website or the materials (defined below) results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, AWHONN is not responsible for those costs. The AWHONN website and all information, content, products, and services available through it (collectively, the “materials”) are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any warranties of any kind. AWHONN, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, including the warranty of merchantability, fitness for particular purpose and non-infringement. The materials may be out of date and neither AWHONN nor its affiliates make any commitment or assumes any duty to update the materials. AWHONN makes no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any materials. Your use of this website and the materials is at your own risk.
AWHONN expressly disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the website or the materials, even if AWHONN has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to reliance by any party on any materials obtained through the use of this website, or that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruptions in telecommunications connections to the website or viruses, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of god, telecommunications failure, theft, or destruction of, or unauthorized access to the website, or related information or programs.
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHT.
This website contains trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress of AWHONN and its third party licensors. Unauthorized use of any trademarks, service marks, or logos may be a violation of federal and state trademark laws. All Materials contained on this website are the copyrighted property of AWHONN, or the respective owners of such materials.  The Materials are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. AWHONN expects all users of the Website to comply with applicable copyright laws. No material from this website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that (i) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (ii) you make no modifications to the materials, and (iii) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products. The use of any AWHONN material on any other website or computer environment is prohibited without the express prior written consent of AWHONN.
Copyright Infringement – DMCA Notice
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under US copyright law. AWHONN is registered with the U.S. Copyright office DMCA registry at  https://www.copyright.gov/dmca-directory. If you believe in good faith that content or material on the AWHONN.org site, blogs, Communities, Sections/Chapters or affiliated sites infringes a copyright owned by you, you (or your agent) may send AWHONN a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. This request should be sent to: permissions@awhonn.org  or, alternatively to: Permissions, AWHONN, 1800 M St., NW Suite 740 South, Washington D.C. 20036.
The notice must include the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (c) identification and URL of the material that is claimed to be infringing; (d) the name, address, telephone number, and email address of the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
CONTENT MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE.
This website is controlled and operated from AWHONN’s offices in the United States. Use of this website from outside the United States is at your sole risk and must be in compliance with all applicable local laws.
PROHIBITED USES OF SITE GENERALLY.
You may not use the AWHONN website in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy material, including, without limitation, website content, (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, you also agree not to do the following when using the AWHONN website: (a) use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the AWHONN website other than the search engine and search agents available from AWHONN on the AWHONN website and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer); (b) attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the AWHONN site; (c) aggregate, copy or duplicate in any manner any of the website content or information available from the AWHONN website; (d) frame or link to any of the website content or information available from the AWHONN website; (e) access data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access; (f) attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (g) attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the AWHONN website, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mailbombing” or “crashing”; (h) send unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (i) make any unauthorized commercial use of the AWHONN website.
LINKS.
This website contains links to websites operated by other parties. AWHONN provides these links to other websites as a convenience, and use of these sites is at your own risk. The linked sites are not owned or operated by or under the control of AWHONN and AWHONN is not responsible for the content available on the other sites. Such links do not imply AWHONN’s endorsement of information or material on any other site and AWHONN disclaims all liability with regard to your access to and use of such linked Websites and you are subject to the privacy policies and terms and conditions for use of those sites.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The AWHONN website features advertisement. AWHONN does not endorse or recommend any product or service advertised or website accessed by a link on the AWHONN site unless such recommendation or endorsement is expressly stated.
AWHONN RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
AWHONN reserves the right (but is not obligated) to monitor, edit and/or delete communications or documents posted on the AWHONN site, and/or disclose any such communication or document to any person or entity, including local, state or federal law enforcement authorities, in accordance with AWHONN’s Privacy Policy.
AWHONN reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of our users or the public. AWHONN has no liability or responsibility to users of the website or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
INDEMNITY.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold AWHONN, its officers, directors, employees, agents, and licensors harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements, including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, our use of the website, your violation of these Terms and Conditions, or any violation of any rights of any person by you. AWHONN reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate fully with AWHONN in asserting any available defenses.
GENERAL.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the District of Columbia, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under these Terms and Conditions shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within the District of Columbia. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. No changes to these Terms and Conditions shall be made except by a revised posting on this page.
GROUPS AND COMMUNITIES.
Users of our groups and communities must abide by the following specific rules and regulations: A. Unauthorized copying, reproduction, republishing, uploading, downloading, posting, transmitting or duplicating any of the material is prohibited.  B. Use of information or communications for any commercial, public or political purposes is strictly prohibited. Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to, solicitations for commercial services, cold-calling of any kind or mass-mailings for commercial purposes. Information available through the online communities may be used for personal purposes only. C. Users shall not restrict nor inhibit any other user from enjoying any service on the AWHONN’s online communities. Posting of obscene materials or use of obscene language, posting of vulgar materials, or use of vulgar language, or use of abusive, defamatory, profane, or threatening language of any kind, will constitute a violation of these policies and the user will be removed. Additionally, users shall not upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish any materials containing a virus or any other harmful component. Content posted may be removed by AWHONN’s discretion at any time, without notice, for any reason. D. All opinions expressed in the communities are attributable solely to their respective authors, unless explicitly stated otherwise. All views and opinions are not necessarily those of AWHONN and should not be understood as such. E. Even though this website is secure, do not post any personal information about yourself, patients or identifiable information about specific patient situations that may violate HIPAA. A HIPAA violation will result in immediate removal from the site.
AWHONN is not responsible for screening communications in advance, but will actively monitor the use of the communities.
AWHONN online HUB communities are proprietary forums…The AWHONN online HUB communities are private message boards administered by AWHONN. All message board content is allowed at the discretion of AWHONN. The organization reserves the right to remove any message board content without notice and for any reason.  AWHONN reserves the right to remove forums with inactivity of at least 12 months or more.
VIOLATIONS AND ADDITIONAL POLICIES.
AWHONN reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms and Conditions, the AWHONN Privacy Policy and other rules and regulations set forth in this website, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the website.
USER INFORMATION.
When you register for the AWHONN website, you will be asked to provide AWHONN with certain information, including, without limitation, a valid e-mail address. Please see AWHONN’s Privacy Policy for details regarding how AWHONN collects, uses, protects and discloses information we receive from you on this website.  The AWHONN Privacy Policy is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by this reference.
MODIFICATION.
AWHONN reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time. Modifications will be posted on this website, and users agree that by continuing to use this website after such modifications are posted, they have agreed to such modifications.
Questions or comments regarding this website may be directed to:
Attention: Attention:  Webmaster
AWHONN
1800 M Street, N.W.
Suite 740 South
Washington, D.C. 20036
Email webmaster@awhonn.org.
NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY SEEKING MEDICAL CARE FOR YOURSELF OR YOUR PATIENTS BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
Copyright AWHONN 2016.  All rights reserved.
UPCOMING EVENTS
Feb
25
Canceled - 2021 AWHONN California Virtual Conference
Feb 25 (08:00 am)
Apr
22
AWHONN Syracuse Chapter Spring Teaching Day
Apr 22 (07:30 am)
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Syracuse
Sep
24
Save the Date! AWHONN Michigan Conference
Sep 24 (07:00 am)
The Hagerty Center
Jul
22
SAVE THE DATE! 2022 AWHONN Florida Conference
Jul 22 (08:00 am)
Naples Grand Beach Resort
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.