https://www.questdiagnostics.com/home/privacy-policy/do-not-sell
Home » Do not sell my personal information
Home
Español Social Media For Patients Physician & Hospital Laboratory Services For Companies & Organizations Privacy
Do not sell my personal information
Nondiscrimination Contact Our Company Site Map Search Results ashok-test 404 PBS
Do Not Sell Quest Diagnostics does not sell our patients’ personal information.
Like most websites, our websites use cookies and other technologies to interact with third parties and service providers for things like website analytics and advertising.
Some of this website interaction with third parties may be viewed as a “sale” under a new California law called the California Consumer Privacy Act, which defines “sale” very broadly. Our Cookie Notice
describes how you can control cookies and other tracking technologies on our websites.
You must take the actions described in our Cookie Notice to exercise this control, as we are not able to do it for you.
We will be offering a tool on our websites to simplify this process, so please check back soon for updates. We have also set up a process for California residents to record their preference to opt-out of the sharing of their personal information with third parties in the future, in the unlikely event we would ever decide to do so.
Please click here
to record your California opt-out preference.
Alternatively, you may call our CCPA toll free number, 833-341-0196. Please note, recording your California opt-out preference will NOT change the way cookies work on our websites; you must take the action described in our Cookie Notice
to do that.
Recording your California opt-out preferences will also NOT unsubscribe you from receiving text messages or email communications from Quest Diagnostics.
All consumers and California residents can do that as directed in any text you receive from us, or by clicking the unsubscribe link in commercial email communications you receive from us. For further information about the California Consumer Privacy Act, or our privacy practices generally, please visit the Privacy section of our website.