http://www.jmh.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Coronavirus / COVID-19 Check here for the latest information, visitor restrictions & FAQs.
Main menuFind a Doctor
Locations
Medical Services
Patients & Visitors
Classes & Programs
About Us
Healthy Living
I Want To
Job Opportunities
Medical Records
Explore Services
Volunteer
Donate Now
Pay My Bill
Patient Portals
Sign Up for Classes
Search form
Search
Johnston Memorial Hospital
Explore
You are hereHomeOur LocationsJohnston Memorial Hospital
Johnston Memorial Hospital
Locations
Johnston Memorial Hospital General Surgery at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Awards and Accreditations at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Family Birth Center at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Heart and Vascular Care at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Johnston Memorial Hospital Amenities
Johnston Memorial Hospital Parking
Johnston Memorial Hospital Phone Directory
Orthopedic Care at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Rehabilitation Services at Johnston Memorial Hospital
About
Johnston Memorial Hospital
16000 Johnston Memorial Dr.
Abingdon, VA 24211
(276) 258-1000
Map & Directions
36.7226195
-81.9117949
IMPORTANT NOTICE:
Updated hospital visitation restrictions
Ballad Health is currently allowing 1 designated patient-support person – or visitor – for the duration of each patient’s visit or hospital stay. The patient-support person – or visitor – will only be allowed onsite from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Exceptions may be made in labor and delivery, and emergency departments where one guest is permitted at all times, and during extenuating circumstances or in the case of end-of life-care. This provision includes:
Inpatient hospital units
Surgery
Screenings and face mask requirements
Each visitor will be screened for potential signs of illness and required to wear a cloth face covering, which they need to provide for themselves.
Due to the increased risk of virus transmission, masks with vents and/or valves are not permitted.
These measures are to help contain coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).
Please read more about these visitation restrictions.
Johnston Memorial Hospital in Abingdon, Va., is a not-for-profit, 116-bed modern medical facility dedicated to bringing quality healthcare to the residents of this region.
Johnston Memorial is equipped to provide you with the advanced technology and specialty care you need — right here, close to home.
Heart and Vascular Center
Johnston Memorial Hospital’s Heart and Vascular Center offers comprehensive, specialized care in one convenient location. Our skilled, highly-trained staff works as a team to provide full-service care for a wide range of heart and vascular conditions.
Cancer Care
In the fight against cancer, the Regional Cancer Center is on the front lines, right here at home. With our exceptional physicians, team members and advanced technology, cancer has met its match.
Surgical Care
When you need surgery, Johnston Memorial Hospital has you covered. From cataracts to appendectomies and everything in between, we take care of your surgical needs.
Orthopedic Care
If pain is preventing you from moving freely and enjoying life, Johnston Memorial Hospital can help. Our specialty team provides expert treatment for hip, knee, shoulder, hand, feet and ankle conditions.
Family Birth Center
Johnston Memorial Hospital’s Family Birth Center delivers the optimal environment and one-on-one attention you and your newborn deserve. We offer the latest advances in maternity care and an exceptional team of nurses, OB physicians, pediatric hospitalists and staff, as well as lactation consultants and a wide range of education resources.
Rehabilitation Services
Our caring therapists are trained, experienced, certified and completely dedicated to each patient’s full recovery. We provide a wide range of occupational, physical and speech therapy services–the most comprehensive in the area–for adults and pediatrics.
Pediatrics
While at Johnston Memorial Hospital, babies and children are cared for by our pediatric hospitalist team. These trained pediatricians work exclusively in the inpatient setting, communicating regularly with your child’s primary pediatrician to ensure continuity of care.
Like your primary pediatrician, pediatric hospitalists have expertise in a wide range of pediatric medical conditions, so their constant presence in the hospital and familiarity with your child’s condition can help relieve any stress or anxiety that may accompany a hospital stay. Pediatric hospitalists are also onsite during delivery to help provide care for your newborn. They are dedicated to creating a smooth transition from the hospital to your home and the care of your primary pediatrician.
Stroke
Johnston Memorial Hospital is one of the Primary Stroke Centers in Virginia certified by The Joint Commission. This designation provides our patients with a multidisciplinary team to direct treatment using evidence-based protocols for the care and management of our stroke patients.
Emergency Care
Highly trained physicians and nurses offer quick assessment/treatment in the 29-bed unit 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Residencies at JMH: Family Medicine and Internal Medicine
The Johnston Memorial Family Medicine Residency Program and the Internal Medicine Program is committed to providing advanced, innovative and specialized training in Osteopathic Family Medicine and Internal Medicine. Training in Manipulative Treatment is also provided as part of both residency programs. Our residency programs feature a longitudinal training experience where participants learn the skills required to provide all-inclusive care to patients of all ages. If you would like to know more about our residency program please click here.
Medical care and community impact reports
Community Health Needs Assessment (CHNA)
Johnston Memorial Hospital CHNA [PDF – opens in new window]
CMS price transparency
Johnston Memorial chargemaster standard charges [CSV file, 270KB]
Johnston Memorial average charges by DRG [CSV file, 38KB]
You can learn more about pre-visit coordination and registration here and about payment options here.
Metrics by MS-DRG*
Johnston Memorial MS-DRG metrics [PDF, 74KB], fiscal 2019
View more Ballad Health MS-DRG metrics here.
*MS-DRGs are Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Groups.
Learn more
Expand a section below to learn more about Johnston Memorial Hospital and our community.
CEO Message and Leadership
Physician founded over 100 years ago, with the responsibility to provide for the health of the residents of Southwest Virginia, Johnston Memorial is a community hospital at its very core. We’ve grown and changed in order to meet that need in more advanced ways, but our commitment to that initial mission is as strong as ever. Over the last several years we’ve opened a brand new facility and added several key specialty services, including cardiac and cancer care. Most recently, we received a top Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grade of “A”, and The Joint Commission renewed our certification as a Primary Stroke Center.
While all of these things help to demonstrate our dedication to providing specialized, high-quality care to those we serve, I’m also incredibly proud of the way we do it. I know without a doubt, that none of our accomplishments could happen without an extraordinary team that is committed to bring their best to the job every day. It takes compassionate caregivers, exceptional medical staff and dedicated volunteers and board members - - all of which you will find here at JMH.
I’ve been fortunate to serve in Southwest Virginia for nearly a decade, and I’m pleased to be a part of the ongoing vision here at JMH and in our community. I look forward to all we can accomplish together to help improve the health of our region and thank you for continuing to choose Johnston Memorial Hospital for your care.
Sincerely,
John L. Jeter, CPA, MBA
Vice President/Chief Executive Officer
Johnston Memorial Hospital
Leadership
John Jeter – Vice President & Chief Executive Officer
Mhroos Peters, MD – Vice President, Pulmonary/Critical Care Ballad Health, Chief Operating Officer
Bryan Mullins – Vice President, Pulmonary/Critical Care Ballad Health, Chief Operating Officer, Johnston Memorial
John Domansky – Assistant VP, Assistant Administrator & Chief Financial Officer
Linda Shepherd, RN – Associate Administrator & Chief Nursing Officer
Jackie Phipps – Director, Human Resources
Board of Trustees
Dr. Haytam Adada
Eric Deaton – Vice Chair
Marvin Eichorn
Dr. Karen Elmore
John Thomas Fowlkes
Rachel Davis Fowlkes
Richard Gail
Marvin Gilliam
William Hayter - Chair
Donnie L. Meadows
Eric Miller
Gary Lee Peacock - Treasurer
JoAnn Price
Tom Revels
Mike Spiegler – Secretary
History
Founded by a physician more than 100 years ago, Johnston Memorial Hospital (JMH) continues to evolve. From the opening of a new, state-of-the-art facility to the continued excellence in our low infection rates, JMH is always thinking bigger to offer the best in treatment and care for the residents of Southwest Virginia.
1905
First hospital in Abingdon established
Dr. E.T. Brady, a leading Abingdon physician, established the first hospital on Court Street in December 1905. The small wooden structure had a 12-bed capacity and was a private endeavor. Dr. Brady served as Chief of Staff with two physicians and four resident nurses.
1910
Hospital changes ownership
Because of insufficient patronage, the hospital was forced to close its doors in 1910. Community leaders ventured to Richmond and convinced George Ben Johnston, MD, and Amis Willis, MD, to buy controlling interest in the hospital. They chose F.H. Smith, MD, as the administrator.
Surgical conditions
F.H. Smith, MD, noted the primitive surgical conditions he found at the early hospital. "We had no sterilizing plant. The surgeons brought with them a trunk full of sterile supplies, and took back other material for sterilization. Yet, there were only four deaths in the first year."
1917
Incorporation
The hospital became incorporated.
1919
New 40-bed hospital opens
In July 1919, the doors of a new 40-bed George Ben Johnston Memorial Hospital opened with over 500 people attending the formal opening. The hospital was built with community support and dedicated to the memory of its founder, who died in 1916. The original 1919 building is still used by several departments at Johnston Memorial Hospital. The well-constructed wing houses administrative offices, the endoscopy suite, and health information management departments. The original structure has undergone several massive renovations during its many years of service.
Laboratory services
The 1919 structure brought modern laboratory services to Johnston Memorial Hospital. When the hospital first opened, physicians conducted many of the diagnostic tests in what were described as a "scant laboratory," with minimal equipment and technology. The JMH laboratory of today is a state-of-the-art facility under the direction of pathologists. The laboratory has contained a chemistry lab, hematology lab and an independent blood bank.
1920s
Radiology services
During the 1920s, a Radiology Department was added to Johnston Memorial Hospital, helping make the hospital one of the leading diagnostic facilities in the region. The Radiology Department came under the administration of the hospital chief of staff.
1920s–1930s
Obstetric physician
During the 1920s and 1930s, the first physician specializing in obstetrics joined the medical staff. A Children's and Baby Ward were opened and furnished by contributions from the Johnston Memorial Hospital Ladies Auxiliary and the Hospital Club of Abingdon.
1940s
Cadet nursing corp
During World War II, several nurses and physicians were called into military service. This decade saw the advent of the Cadet Nursing Corp, a group of nurses' aides, who served on the floors in many capacities.
Surgical and delivery room construction
In the late 1940s, construction began on a new wing for modern surgical and delivery rooms.
1950s
Operating and delivery rooms construction complete
The decade of the 1950s was a time of major expansion at the Abingdon hospital. A new wing housing modern operating and delivery rooms was opened. Renovation projects included a modern kitchen and dietary department.
1958
Pediatric and physical therapy wing added
1960s
Johnston Memorial Hospital School of Nursing
The 1960s was the last full decade in operations of Johnston Memorial Hospital's School of Nursing. Since its beginning, JMH had served as a training residence for nursing students from throughout the region.
1967
New wing added
Construction on a new wing began in 1967 and was completed in the 1970s.This addition increased the hospital's bed capacity to 154 with 12 newborn bassinets. New services offered during this decade include surgical intensive care and outpatient surgery.
1971
Johnston Memorial Hospital Nursing School graduates last class
1985
Construction on new wing begins
Construction beings for a new wing, which included a state-of-the-art emergency department and new facilities for radiology, respiratory care, and outpatient ssurgery.
1989
Non-invasive cardiology department added
1994
Renovations completed
A number of changes occurred during the 1990s including completion of a multi-floor parking facility, new entrance and lobby area, and renovation of the first floor.
1998
Open MRI
In September of 1998, Johnston Memorial Hospital added the region's first and only open MRI to its Radiology Department.
1999
ER renovations completed
In February 1999, a complete renovation and expansion project was completed in the Emergency Department.
2001
Endoscopy and surgical suite renovations
Renovation of the second floor of the 1919 building was completed in April to house expanded endoscopy services. Also, a sixth operating room, additional storage space and new locker rooms for surgeons and nursing staff were added.
2002
PET scanning services
A Mobile Diagnostic Pad added for the implementation of mobile Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Scanning Services.
Sleep lab
Johnston Memorial Hospital added Sleep Medicine services including a state-of-the-art sleep lab.
2003
Central energy plant
A central energy plant was constructed which combined hospital heating, cooling and emergency power generation into a separate facility.
Women’s imaging center
Johnston Memorial Hospital Women's Imaging Center was established and located in Glenrochie Professional Building.
2004
Second MRI installed
Second MRI unit was installed in the new radiology facility attached to the hospital.
Rehabilitation services
Outpatient Physical and Occupational Therapy clinic opened off-site.
2006
Diagnostic imaging center
Johnston Memorial Hospital opened a diagnostic center in the Urgent Care Center to perform X-rays, and lab draws outside the hospital.
Outpatient surgery waiting area renovation
Renovations were completed in the waiting area to provide additional comfort to patients and their families.
2007
Cancer center
Johnston Memorial Hospital opened a new cancer center, located at Johnston Meadows, to provide comprehensive care to cancer patients.
Bristol East Diagnostic Center
To provide additional imaging services to the community, Johnston Memorial Hospital opened a diagnostic imaging center in Bristol, Va., just off Exit 7.
Joint Trails program
Joint Trails, a progressive knee and hip joint replacement program, opened on the 3rd floor of Johnston Memorial Hospital.
2008
Urgent care center
Johnston Memorial Hospital opened the Urgent Care Center to provide convenient and timely treatment for cases that don't require emergency room care.
Diabetes care center
The Diabetes Care Center was opened to provide the latest in diabetes care, treatment and education.
2009
Surgery center
The outpatient surgery center opened to provide same day surgical procedures in a comfortable, healing environment.
Johnston Memorial and Mountain States Health partnership
The partnership between Mountain States Health and Johnston Memorial Hospital was made official in April 2009, ushering in a new era of health care for the residents of Southwest Virginia.
2010
Comprehensive wound care
The Center for Comprehensive Wound Care specializes in addressing the underlying cause of difficult-to heal wounds and treating them to control infection and improve the overall health of patients.
2011
New Johnston Memorial Hospital built
Johnston Memorial Hospital achieves Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) GOLD certification.
2014
Johnston Memorial Hospital launches first 24/7 cardiac cath lab in Southwest Virginia
Locations
Johnston Memorial Hospital General Surgery at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Awards and Accreditations at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Family Birth Center at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Heart and Vascular Care at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Johnston Memorial Hospital Amenities
Johnston Memorial Hospital Parking
Johnston Memorial Hospital Phone Directory
Orthopedic Care at Johnston Memorial Hospital
Rehabilitation Services at Johnston Memorial Hospital
What's New
Thursday, March 12, 2020
CANCELLED: Annual Shamrock 4 Miler
Out of an abundance of caution, Ballad Health is cancelling the annual Shamrock 4 Miler and Leprechaun Walk on Friday, March 13 ... read more about
CANCELLED: Annual Shamrock 4 Miler .
Friday, February 28, 2020
Annual Shamrock 4 Miler set for March 13; registration is open
The annual Johnston Memorial Hospital Shamrock 4 Miler and Leprechaun Walk, is set for Friday, March 13, at 7 p.m. ... read more about Annual Shamrock 4 Miler set for March 13; registration is open.
Tuesday, November 12, 2019
First quarter results: Continued quality, capital investment and operating performance
Ballad Health today announced first quarter results from its 2020 fiscal year. Clinical quality and operational and financial results continued a positive trend. ... read more about First quarter results: Continued quality, capital investment and operating performance.
Patients & Visitors
Maps & Directions
16000 Johnston Memorial Drive
Abingdon, VA 24211
Map & DirectionsParking
Directory
Phone: (276) 258-1000
Full Phone Directory
Visiting Hours
Visitation restrictions are in currently place due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Amenities
If you need to spend the night in Abingdon or are looking for refreshment while visiting at Johnston Memorial Hospital, see our Amenities page.
Amenities
What's New
Thursday, March 12, 2020
CANCELLED: Annual Shamrock 4 Miler
Out of an abundance of caution, Ballad Health is cancelling the annual Shamrock 4 Miler and Leprechaun Walk on Friday, March 13 ... read more about
CANCELLED: Annual Shamrock 4 Miler .
Friday, February 28, 2020
Annual Shamrock 4 Miler set for March 13; registration is open
The annual Johnston Memorial Hospital Shamrock 4 Miler and Leprechaun Walk, is set for Friday, March 13, at 7 p.m. ... read more about Annual Shamrock 4 Miler set for March 13; registration is open.
Tuesday, November 12, 2019
First quarter results: Continued quality, capital investment and operating performance
Ballad Health today announced first quarter results from its 2020 fiscal year. Clinical quality and operational and financial results continued a positive trend. ... read more about First quarter results: Continued quality, capital investment and operating performance.