http://www.internationalmidwives.org/privacy-statement.html
Policy and Practice
ICM Definitions
Philosophy and Model of Midwifery Care
Essential Competencies for Midwifery Practice
Global Standards
Bill of Rights for Women and Midwives
International Code of Ethics for Midwives
ICM Anti-Racism Statement
ICM Position Statements
Advocacy
Toolkits
Education
Education Standing Committee
Education Resources
Regulation
Regulation Standing Committee
Regulation resources
Research
Research Standing Committee
Association
Association resources
Partners
Collaborations
Projects
Projects
Young Midwife Leaders
More Happy Birthdays
SMS with UNFPA
50,000 Happy Birthdays
SMS with BMGF
Strengthening Midwifery in Mexico
First Touch Midwife Ambassadors
Services
MEAP
Midwife map
ICM Consultancy Service
Events
Stronger Together Webinar Series
International Year of the Midwife and the Nurse
The 32nd Triennial Congress 2021
International Day of the Midwife 2020
Awards
News
COVID-19 Resources
Contact us
Privacy statement
Home
» Privacy statement
Page Back
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice provides you with information on how ICM collects and handles your personal data (i.e. personal information). In addition, you will find your rights outlined below, as well as instructions on how you may make use of your rights. It is possible that this privacy notice may be changed, especially due to changes in regard to the law. We therefore, suggest that you visit and read this page periodically for updates. If you prefer that ICM does not keep your personal data on record, then please contact the Executive Office Administrator via email: info@internationalmidwives.org
ICM gathers and uses your personal information for the following items:
Registration on the website
To access (logon) certain information and/or capture your preferences on the website, we request that you register on our website by providing your name and email address. The data is maintained by ICM until you decide to deactivate your account. Your data is immediately deleted as soon as you request for your account to be deactivated. Your data is also not shared with third parties, without your consent.
Contact Form
Your data is collected if you would like to be contacted by ICM. In this form, we ask you to provide: your name, telephone number and email address. These details are necessary for us to contact you. Your details are deleted as soon as the contact has been completed.
Reactions
There is a possibility to provide reactions to various news articles that can be found on the website. In order to do so, we request that you submit your name and email address. This data may be fictitious and we do not conduct checks. This data will be kept on record for an indefinite period and will not be shared with third parties.
ICM Newsletter
ICM sends the newsletter via email. In order to do so, we ask that you register on our website and provide your email address. The data is maintained for an indefinite period and not shared with third parties. Your details are deleted as soon as you have deactivated your account.
Personal data that is collected and maintained by ICM is maintained on Microsoft OneDrive. If you visit office 365 privacy , then you will see how Microsoft handles all data that is stored on Microsoft 365 (including OneDrive).
ICM uses Google Analytics on its website. The gathered data from the analytics will remain anonymous and will not be connected with your name or other identifying details. The data is maintained for an indefinite period within Google Analytics.
CookiesIn order for this website to function properly, sometimes we need to add small files (i.e. cookies) on your computer. The most well-known websites use cookies. What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that your computer or mobile phone saves when you visit the website. That is how the website is able to remember the pages that you have visited and your preferences (such as, username, language, font size and other preferences) so that you do not have to continually fill-in this data every time you visit the website. There are a few pages where we have placed cookies so that your preferences are logged, such as: contrast colour and font size; a survey that we’ve requested you to fill-in; or that you have not agreed to having cookies placed on your computer or mobile phone. Some videos on our website make use of a cookie to receive anonymous statistics. This way we may monitor the success of the video and whether you enjoyed viewing it.
This website works also without cookies, but using cookies makes the website more user-friendly. You may delete or block the cookies, but if you do, then some parts of the website will not function properly. The information that the website gathers are not used to identify you and we do not share the statistics with third parties. These cookies are also not used for anything other than what has been previously mentioned.
How can you learn more about cookies? You may always control or delete cookies by changing the settings in the browser on your computer. If you decide to change or delete the cookies, then your preferences may need to be provided again the next time you visit our website. You may read more about cookies by visiting aboutcookies.org
Social MediaOn this website, we use plug-ins for the following social media outlets: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube. By visiting our website, your data may be traced by these outlets. By doing so, you can share information with your friends and family. We do not have any influence with the content of the plug-in. If you click on the social media button, such as Facebook, then Facebook will receive a notification that you have visited our website. It is important to note that we do not have any knowledge of what information is provided to the social media outlet. The data exchange is provided via Custom Audience, If you do not want your data to be collected, then you may deactivate here. To find out more information on how the Social media outlets handle your personal data, please visit their websites:
Facebook Data Protection: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy Google Data Protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
Twitter: twitter.com/privacy
To change your privacy settings on Twitter: http://twitter.com/account/settings
Instagram: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Pinterest http://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy
Opt-OutYou may opt out and request for your information not to be gathered by the social media outlets. If you do not wish to have your information gathered, then you must opt-out, via the relevant social media outlet, before you visit our website. You may also completely block add-ons for your browser by visiting: http://noscript.net
SafetyWe do not make copies of your personal information. The personal information that is maintained by ICM is protected with a password.
Websites from third partiesThis privacy policy is not intended to cover visits to third party websites, through links that are connected to our website. We cannot guarantee that these websites are trustworthy or that they will use your information in a lawful manner. Always read the policy statement on third party websites for more information on how they collect and use your personal information.
To request deletion of your Personal DetailsAccording to the GDPR, you may request that we delete your contact information. If you would like for us to delete your information, then please let us know by replying to this email with the subject line “REMOVAL of personal data – GDPR”.To review your informationIf you would like to review the contact data that we have for you on file, then please let us know by replying to this email with the subject line “REVIEW of personal data – GDPR”.
To request an amendment of your informationIf you would like for us to amend your data, then please let us know by replying to this email with the subject line “AMEND personal data – GDPR”.
To request that we transfer your dataIf you would like for us to transfer your data to another service or party, then please let us know by replying to this email with the subject line “TRANSFER of personal data – GDPR”.
To submit a complaintIf you would like to submit a complaint about how we are using your data, then please submit the complaint to DPA (Dutch Member State Authority) at https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl
If you have any questions, then please do not hesitate to contact the Executive Office Administrator at, via email: info@internationalmidwives.org with the subject line, “GDPR2018 Query.”
Sincerely,The ICM Team
SHARE THIS ARTICLE TO SOCIAL MEDIA
Subscribe to our Newsletter for latest news.
Subscribe!
, 2514 AE ZHThe Netherlands
Telephone +31 (0) 70 3060520 / Fax +31 (0) 70 3555651
info@internationalmidwives.org
Privacy statement
“ICM website sponsored by LDSC”
To top
© ICM 2018 - All rights reserved. Webportal by Internetbureau DBB
Enter you member area!
Login
Username
Password
Forgot password?