http://www.viviositesprivacypolicy.com/
VivioSites
Privacy Policy
call us
710 Everest Rd.
Milton, VT 05468
Call: (800) 227-2513
Welcome
VivioSites Privacy Policy
VivioSites knows you value your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of what kinds of information we may gather and how we may use that information.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat information about you that we collect and receive through the Service and Hosted Services.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage. The Service permits our customers to create and publish websites that may collect information from you (“Hosting Services”). VivioSites does not own or control the information that is stored and maintained by us through our Hosting Services. The information that is submitted by you to our customers will be held subject to the requirements specified by our customers and the contracts we have with them.
This Privacy Policy does not reflect the privacy practices of our customers, and we are not responsible for our customers’ privacy policies or practices. We do not review, comment upon, or monitor our customers’ privacy policies or their compliance with their respective privacy policies, nor do we review our customers’ instructions with respect to our processing of information to determine whether such instructions are in compliance or conflict with the terms of the customers’ published privacy policy.
The Service may contain links to other websites and VivioSites does not take responsibility for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the privacy statements of the websites you visit.
What Information Do We Collect Online?
Unless otherwise stated in another, more specific policy on the Web pages you are viewing, we collect the following types of information when you use the Service:
Account Information.       Information you provide directly, such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and company name.
Customer Support. We collect information, such as payment information, through your communications with our customer-support team. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email sent from us.
Using Customers’ Websites. We maintain the information collected or provided by our customers using the Service. It is our customers’ responsibility to ensure that the information they collect is collected and used in compliance with applicable law, including, for example, providing the appropriate level of notice to individuals.
Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies. We and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks and analytics providers, use “cookies” and other similar technologies to automatically collect information about how the Service and customer websites are used, such as IP address, website clicks, and other usage information from users. Our partners also may collect information about your online activities over time and on other websites or apps. You may be able to change browser settings to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Service and customer websites may not work properly.
Anonymized and Aggregate Information. We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the Service and Hosting Services, and use and disclose it for any business purpose. For example, we share statistical data so that our customers and potential customers can understand how and how often individuals use our services and their services or websites, which allows us to improve all such services.
How Do We Use This Information?
We use information collected via the Service and Hosting Services in the following ways:
Service-Related Purposes. We use information for internal and service-related purposes and may provide it to third parties to allow us to facilitate the Service and Hosting Services. We may use and retain any data we collect through the Service and Hosting Services to provide and improve our services. For example, we use information, such as ordering information or e-mail messages, to process your orders and requests.
Customize the Service or Customers’ Websites. For some registration and use data, we may direct you to particular Web pages, customize the Web pages you see, or otherwise increase the relevance of the information you access through the Web site.
Advertising. We may use information to provide online advertising on the Service, the customer websites provided using the Hosting Services, and on third-party websites and Internet services. We may also use email or other methods to transmit information we think may be useful or relevant to you. You may be able to opt-out of email marketing by clicking on the opt-out link within the email.
As Directed by Customers. We maintain information provided or collected by our customers when they use the Hosting Services. This information may include personal information about individuals. We will use this information as directed by our customers and for internal and service-related purposes. When providing Hosting Services, we maintain only that information collected or provided by our customers using the services. It is our customers’ responsibility to ensure that the information they collect is collected and used in compliance with applicable law, including, for example, providing the appropriate level of notice to individuals.
Improve the Service and Hosting Services. For information about Web pages visited, page hits per week, and the like, we use this information internally to improve the design of our Web pages.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Vendors and Service Providers. We may disclose information, including Personal Information, to its agents and partners who assist us in providing the Service and Hosting Services. For example, we may use third-party storage or service-provider companies to perform some functions including the processing of data.
Marketing. We do not rent, sell, or share personally identifiable information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. VivioSites does not rent or sell customer lists to other companies, but we may make information available to specific business partners, sponsors, or service providers. We may allow access to other data collected by the Service and Hosting Services to enable the delivery of online advertising on the Service, through our Hosting Services, or on other websites and Internet services, or to otherwise email information we think may be useful or relevant to you.
You may be able to opt out of receiving personalized online advertisements from us. However, when you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see online advertising on the Service, customer websites, and on other websites.
Other Possible Disclosures. VivioSites may disclose information when:
we have permission to share the information for a specified purpose, such as customer testimonials;
we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders, law enforcement requests, or such other legal process;
we think it is necessary to protect the safety of the users of our systems or defend the rights or property of VivioSites; or
we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider.
We may share aggregate information with third parties, but this information is anonymous.
Security
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at info@viviosites.com.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at info@viviosites.com. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you wish to subscribe to our email list, we will use your name and email address to send them to you. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us now. You can call us at 800-227-2513, contact us at www.viviosites.com/contact.html, or email us at info@viviosites.com.
Social Media Policy
We are not responsible for any information collected by social networks on which we maintain a social media presence. These include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Each social network has its own privacy policy and it should be read before creating an account on the network. We are not responsible for any marketing or retargeting performed by a social network after you have visited our pages.
International users
By using the Service, you will transfer data to the United States.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Update Your Information or Pose a Question or Suggestion
In most cases, when VivioSites obtains information, we do so on behalf of a customer. To request access to, correction, amendment, or deletion of this information, an end user should contact the company (i.e., our customer) to which the data was provided. If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to us through your use of the Service or otherwise, or if you have suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to info@viviosites.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
We constantly update the features of our the Service to better serve you and all our customers, so this policy may also be revised from time to time. VivioSites may modify this policy without advance notice and any modifications are effective when they are posted here. By using our Web site, you indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of the policy posted at the time of your use. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law. If you have any questions, please contact us at your convenience.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-227-2513 or via email.
VivioSites
710 Everest Road
Milton, VT 05468
info@viviosites.com
Effective Date: July 8th, 2013
Last Updated Date: January 15th, 2019
CONTACT US
Fill out the contact form below and we will respond as soon as possible
*required
*Message
Submit
VivioSites
Site Map
Accessibilty Link
Privacy Policy
VivioSites Privacy Policy
VivioSites
Privacy Policy
Custom Web Design by Vivio Sites.