http://www.nemours.org/web-privacy-policies.html
Web Privacy Policies
Skip Navigation
I Want To:
Find a Doctor
View Insurance Accepted
Pay My Bill
Find Clinical Trials
Log Into the Nemours App
Refer a Patient
Make a Gift
Send eCard
Care & Treatment
Find a Doctor
Insurance We Accept
Medical Services A-Z List
Online Video Doctor Visits
International Medicine
Refer a Patient
Locations
Find a Location
Research
Areas of Research
Clinical Trials
Find a Researcher
Collaboration Opportunities
View All Research
Professional Education
Delaware Area Graduate Medical Education
Jacksonville, Fla. Graduate Medical Education
Orlando, Fla. Graduate Medical Education
Continuing Medical Education
View All Professional Education
Giving
Make a Gift
Special Events
Ways to Give
Volunteer
View All Giving
Nemours Patient Portal
Nemours App Login
Home> Web Privacy Policies
Back to top
Web Privacy Policies
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and handle information collected when you use our websites, software, and services (collectively “Sites and Services”). This policy applies to anyone using the Sites and Services, whether they are patients, family members of patients, or members of the general public. The Sites and Services are provided by The Nemours Foundation, a Florida not-for-profit corporation (hereinafter “Nemours”) which is solely for educational purposes, noncommercial use, and is strictly informational.
Outside Relationships
Nemours does not share or sell any information about Nemours.org users. Nemours.org does not select content based upon relationships with outside vendors, and does not accept advertising or sponsorship from outside vendors. Although Nemours is closely associated with various health care organizations, we do not share information with them regarding Nemours.org users, nor do we engage in “co-branding” of health content with providers outside of Nemours. KidsHealth.org
is a website that is owned entirely by Nemours. Content created by KidsHealth.org is presented through Nemours.org.
IP Addresses
We collect IP (Internet Protocol) addresses for the purpose of analyzing aggregate traffic statistics. An IP address is a set of numbers assigned to a given internet connection when you connect to the Internet, however, an IP address is not unique to a given computer. Through IP address analysis we cannot determine the identity of our visitors, but we can determine what part of the world they are connecting from and what Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system and Web browser they use. We do not sell or share IP address information with any vendors or other health care organizations.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data file stored on your hard drive. Cookies are used to store small pieces of basic information so the user does not need to continually resubmit that data to the site. Some portions of the site require a log-in and/or the use of cookies. In these areas, your browser must be set to accept cookies. The cookies are only used to keep track of the fact that the user has successfully logged in or accomplished a given task. They are not used to store any information about physicians or their patients.
Additionally, Nemours may include a third party cookie from Google in order to use Google Analytics to monitor site statistics. Please note Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use, subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy
information collected in your use of the Service.
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. You do not have to accept our cookies in order to productively use our site. We do not use cookies to collect or store personal information about you.
Feedback Forms
Problems with the Nemours.org website may be reported using the Feedback form. While Nemours will not intentionally share the content of the Feedback form with any third party, due to the nature of electronic communications, Nemours cannot provide assurances that the content of the Feedback form will not become known or accessible to third parties. Please do not submit personal medical information through this form or submit a request for medical advice using this form. This website does not and is not intended to be used as a substitute for seeking consultation from qualified medical professionals.
ALL EMERGENCIES SHOULD BE HANDLED BY CONTACTING YOUR DOCTOR OR CALLING 911 IMMEDIATELY.
Security and Encryption
Direct patient-to-patient or patient-to-physician communication is not facilitated through Nemours.org, but patient-to-physician communication may be accomplished through a link to the Nemours app . For this reason, the information on Nemours.org available to the public is presented in an unencrypted format. If you have the need to consult with a member of our medical community we strongly encourage you to do so via phone or in person. Even in those cases where you have been given the e-mail address of a Nemours employee, we recommend that you do not transmit sensitive medical information in an unencrypted format. In its basic format, e-mail is inherently insecure and can be intercepted and read by others.
Direct patient-to-physician communication is provided through a link to Nemours app
and direct physician-to-physician communication is provided through a link to NemoursLink, which are separate distinct websites that have their own Terms of Use. In those websites, all communications are handled in a secure environment with 128-bit encryption and have a URL (Web address) that begins with “https://”, as opposed to “http://”. Medical information is never transmitted by Nemours in an insecure environment.
Patient Privacy
There are two types of information on Nemours.org:
Material previously published (usually in hard copy format) for a separate purpose not related to Nemours.org; and
Material developed for publication on Nemours.org.
Except when signed authorizations have been obtained to allow the names and images to be used, no patients or family members of patients are identified in the content that is specific to Nemours.org. The names and photographs of patients or family members are changed to respect the privacy of our patients.
Nemours Notice of Privacy Practices
Individuals have a right to adequate notice of the uses and disclosures of protected health information that may be made by Nemours, and of the individual’s rights and Nemours legal duties with respect to protected health information. Please view the Nemours HIPAA Privacy Practices.
Communications
If you have any questions or concerns regarding Nemours privacy practices, you can reach any Nemours department, team or person by calling (800) 472-6610.
If you wish to file a complaint, or have a question regarding your health care information privacy, please contact the Nemours Chief Privacy Officer at (800) 472-6610, or email privacy@nemours.org, or contact us by mail at this address:
Nemours
Attention: Privacy Officer
10140 Centurion Parkway North
Jacksonville, FL 32256
If you wish to remain anonymous, call (866) 636-4685 (NEM-HOTLine).
When establishing communication regarding Nemours Policy Practices, no guarantee is provided for the timeliness of the response. However, your inquiry is very important to us and we will make every effort to respond quickly to your inquiry.
Outside Sites
Nemours.org provides a number of hyperlinks that lead to sites outside Nemours.org. Our Privacy Policy applies only to Nemours.org. Hyperlinks leading to outside sites will open in a separate browser window. Whenever visiting a site outside Nemours.org, you should always read the privacy policy for that site. Do not make the assumption that any of the stipulations of the Nemours.org Privacy Policy apply to other websites. They do not. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. Links to outside sites are provided as a general informational service to the public.
Changes and Modifications
You should read our Privacy Policy every time you visit Nemours.org. As new features are added to the site, some aspects of the policy will need to be changed. We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time.