http://www.naturalhealthcourses.com/student-privacy-notice
Skip to content
0345 222 7312 (UK)
0871 717 4287
(UK) +34 952 486 340 (Worldwide)
enquiries@naturalhealthcourses.com
Login
0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: £0.00
View CartCheckout
Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
Home CoursesSelf Study or Tutored? Prospectus Student Reviews Testimonials Choosing your Courses! Dynamic Course Combinations
OffersCourse Packs 2×1 Course Offers Cashback – Claim yours now! Free EBook Gift Voucher Student Discount Card
AccreditationSample Diploma Higher International Diploma
About UsDecember Newsletter UK Contacts International Contacts Our Graduates Articles Workshops
FAQ’sHow to Order on Our Website PaymentsInstalment Payments Other Payments
Blog Contact Us
Student Privacy Notice
This student privacy notice describes how we will collect, use and protect your personal data and why we need it. This notice is provided with the intention to comply with our obligations regarding your personal data security under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective on 25th May 2018.
All personal data is processed by Natural Health Management SL (NHM), our Spanish registered administration company. They are our data controllers and their staff are our data processors. Any enquiries you may have should be addressed to enquiries@naturalhealthcourses.com. In the unlikely event that we cannot agree on a matter relating to your personal data, you have the right to refer your complaint to the Spanish Information Commissioner’s Office via www.agdp.es.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect your name, address, telephone number and Email address. We need this information to:
Identify you and communicate with you;
Manage and perform our contractual obligation to you to provide you with our courses for your distance learning study;
Trace your whereabouts to contact you about your student account and for recovering debt;
Use as necessary for our own legitimate interests of good governance, accountability, administration and management purposes;
Comply with legal obligations under data protection law;
Establish and defend our legal rights.
This information is freely given by you and therefore based on your consent. You cannot opt out of providing this information. Without it, we cannot provide you with study courses.
Where relevant, we require and hold details of related prior studies at other institutions if you are claiming exemption from introductory courses in order to enter at the advanced level study with us. If given, it is based on your consent to us holding that information. If not given, we cannot grant an exemption that might otherwise be due.
When telephone orders are taken, we require your debit/credit card details for the purpose of processing your order. These details are not retained unless you so instruct us to retain them for the automatic payment of future instalments where a course or courses have been purchased under our instalment plan. As soon as payment for your outright purchase or final instalment has been approved, your financial card details are deleted.
Sharing student personal information
Your student personal contact information is shared only within our administrative group. We do not share your personal data with any third party in the ordinary course of our business. If Natural Health Management SL or our ultimate holding company, SNHS Limited, or substantially all of the assets of both are acquired by a new owner, personal data held by Natural Health Management SL will be one of the transferred assets. SNHS Limited does not hold or process student personal data.
Marketing
We may wish to contact you from time to time with marketing information that we believe may be relevant to your experience while studying with us and of interest to you. This may be concerning related courses or products or information relevant to the course you are studying or our bi-monthly newsletter. The new Regulation requires that a student must actively opt-in to receive this information from 25th May 2018 and new students will now give their consent by marking the relevant checkbox during the order process. For existing students who wish to continue receiving our newsletter and offers, please update your settings by clicking the relevant link on the email you have received.
Retention of Data
We retain your personal details within our computer systems, together with details of courses studied and result outcomes. This is because many students return to study further courses with us after their initial experience. We also may use that information for our own statistical and historical purposes. You have the right to request that this information is deleted when your studies are completed and we have the right to refuse. That refusal will be maintained, unless in exceptional circumstances, for a period of 6 years from the date of passing the latest course you studied with us.
Management and Security of Data
We retain your personal information for the full duration of your studies with us and for a minimum of 6 years after the completion of your last course studied. Information is stored in our secure computer systems, including scanned copies of any paperwork or documents received. If you submit paper documents, be sure to retain a copy in case of loss in post.
If at any time you believe your personal information has been shared with an unauthorised third party, you must let us know immediately.
Your Rights
You have:
The right to be informed about our processing your personal data;
The right to have your personal data corrected or incomplete data completed;
The right to object to our processing your personal data;
The right to restrict processing of your personal data;
The right to have your personal data erased;
The right to request access to your personal data;
The right to move, copy, or transfer your personal data (“data portability”).
We have the right to refuse your request if there are legal compliance or administrative reasons for so doing. In the case of refusal, a written explanation will be given.
If you have any concerns about how we handle or protect your information, we hope you will contact us to discuss this.
Go to Top