http://www.morgantoneye.com/notice-of-privacy-practice.html
Morganton Eye - Notice of Privacy Practices
Home
Providers
Ophthalmologists
Optometrists
Eye Care
Comprehensive Eye Exams
Optical Services
Contact Lenses
Pediatric Eye Care
Emergency Care
Medical & Surgical
LenSx Laser-Assisted Catarct Surgery
Cataract Surgery
Retinal Disorders
Glaucoma
Outpatient Surgery Centers
Refractive
LASIK
PRK
CustomVue™
Multi-Focal IOL
Toric IOL
Oculoplastics
Eyelid Rejuvenation
Brow Lift
Laser Skin Rejuvenation
Botox® and Dysport®
Dermal Fillers
Juvéderm Voluma®
XC
Kybella®
Functional Eyelid Surgery
Tear Duct and Eye Socket Disorders
Aesthetics
Licensed Aesthetician
Skin Care Products
Latisse®
Microdermabrasion
Chemical Peels
Facials
Laser Hair Removal
Laser Vein Correction
Laser Genesis
Appointments
About Us
Our Practice
Locations
Insurance & Billing
Contact Us
Your Information. Your Rights. Our Responsibilities.
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.Your Rights
You have the right to:
Get a copy of your paper or electronic medical record
Correct your paper or electronic medical record
Request confidential communication
Ask us to limit the information we share
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared your information
Get a copy of this privacy notice
Choose someone to act for you
File a complaint if you believe your privacy rights have been violatedYour Choices
You have some choices in the way that we use and share information as we:
Tell family and friends about your condition
Provide disaster relief
Provide mental health care
Market our services and sell your information
Raise fundsOur Uses and Disclosures
We may use and share your information as we:
Treat you
Run our organization
Bill for your services
Help with public health and safety issues
Do research
Comply with the law
Respond to organ and tissue donation requests
Work with a medical examiner or funeral director
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests respond to lawsuits and legal actionsYour Rights
When it comes to your health information, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities.Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. Ask us how to do this.
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.Ask us to correct your medical record
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this.
We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.Request confidential communications
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address.
We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests.Ask us to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.
If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer. We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared information
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.Get a copy of this privacy notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.Choose someone to act for you
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information.
We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.File a complaint if you feel your rights are violated
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us using the information on page 2.
You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to: 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696-6775, or visiting        www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/.
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.Your ChoicesFor certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.
In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:
Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your care
Share information in a disaster relief situationIf you are not able to tell us your preference, for example if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.In these cases we never share your information unless you give us written permission:
Marketing purposes
Sale of your information
Most sharing of psychotherapy notes
In the case of fundraising, we may contact you for fundraising efforts, but you can tell us not to contact you again.Our Uses and Disclosures. We typically use or share your health information in the following ways:Treat you
We can use your health information and share it with other professionals who are treating you. Example: A doctor treating you for an injury asks another doctor about your overall health condition.Run our organization
We can use and share your health information to run our practice, improve your care, and contact you when necessary. Example: We use health information about you to manage your treatment and services.Bill for your services
We can use and share your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities. Example: We give information about you to your health insurance plan so it will pay for your services.How else can we use or share your health information?
We are allowed or required to share your information in other ways – usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your information for these purposes. For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html.Help with public health and safety issues
We can share health information about you for certain situations such as:
Preventing disease
Helping with product recalls
Reporting adverse reactions to medications
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safetyDo research
We can use or share your information for health research.Comply with the law
We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we’re complying with federal privacy law.Respond to organ and tissue donation requests
We can share health information about you with organ procurement organizations.Work with a medical examiner or funeral director
We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies.Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests
We can use or share health information about you:
For workers’ compensation claims
For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official
With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law
For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective servicesRespond to lawsuits and legal actions
We can share health information about you in response to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena.Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your protected health information.
We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your information.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give you a copy of it.
We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html.Changes to the Terms of this Notice. We can change the terms of this notice, and the changes will apply to all information we have about you. The new notice will be available upon request, in our office, and on our web site.Other Information for this Notice
Effective Date 9/23/2013
Privacy Official: Amanda Berry | aberry@morgantoneye.com | 828-433-1000 extension 2902
We never market or sell personal information.This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Click here for our new LenSx services.
Office Locations & Telephone NumbersMorganton, NC | 828-433-1000Marion, NC | 828-652-1000Forest City, NC | 828-245-5550Shelby, NC | 704-482-2020Rutherford College | 874-1000
Home
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Providers
Eye Care
Medical & Surgical
Refractive
Oculoplastics
Aesthetics
Copyright © 2020 Morganton Eye Physicians, P.A. and Surgery Center. Developed by VanNoppen.
Español