http://www.sor.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Log in
Register
Contact us
Help
Society of Radiographers
Main menu
Home
Covid-19Breast screening
Common employment questions
Contact with infected patients or suspected cases
Current and emerging issues for radiographers
E-learning resources
Infection prevention and control responsibilities
Information governance
IR(ME)R
MRI
NHS Wales
Nuclear medicine hints and tips
Personal protective equipment (PPE)
Pregnancy
Pre-registration education providers
Radiotherapy services
Returners to practice; retired radiographers; registered radiographers in other work areas; and volunteers
Sick leave and time off to look after dependants
Sonographers
Breast screening in Northern Ireland
CT
Clinical Guidelines
CoR advice to education providers
Image interpretation resources
NHS Scotland: National Guidance
Students
Wellbeing, emotional and mental health support and resources
Where can I find information about the imaging appearances of Covid-19?
Public and PatientCoronavirus/Covid-19 and cancer treatment
Patient information
An overview of radiotherapy
hellomynameis campaign
IMRT - A fact sheet for patients
Caring for people with dementia
Patient Advisory Group
Meet the Patient Advisory Group (PAG)
Check a register
About radiographyA career in radiography
Directory of courses
World Radiography Day
Promotional resources
Media centre
Information and stories
Social media guidance for SCoR groups
Working in the UK
The Imaging Services Accreditation Scheme (ISAS)
The Quality Standard for Imaging
Quality Talk
About usWho we are
Council
Statutory documents
Annual reports
MoA, AoA & handbook
Comprehensive Spending Review (CSR)
Legal reports & accounts
SoR pension Scheme Statement of Investment Principles
The College of Radiographers
College Board of Trustees
What is the impact of the College of Radiographers?
Objectives of the College of Radiographers
Patient information
A career in radiography
Approvals and accreditation
Fellowship of the College of Radiographers
CoRIPS research grants
CoR Doctoral Fellowship Grant
CoR Legacy Fund
CoR Overseas Placement Fund
Developing countries
UKIO Attendance Grant
SoR staff
Staff policies
Organisational links
Associated organisations
Industry partners
NICE accreditation
Awards & grants
News
Rep of the year
Student of the Year
Radiographer of the Year and UK Team of the Year
CoRIPS Student Research Awards
CoRIPS research grants
SoR reps’ learning fund
Overseas placement fund
Silver medal
Gold medal
Fellowship by Portfolio
Other awards
CoR Legacy Fund
College of Radiographers Doctoral Fellowship Grant
Fellowship of the College of Radiographers
UKIO Attendance Grant
Contact us
How to find us
A Manifesto for Tomorrow’s NHS
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Data Protection Compliance Handbook
SoR Political Fund
Strategy
Being a memberBenefits of membership
Join us
Reduced rate subscription form
Newly qualified radiographers
SoR/Prospect Dual Membership
Professional indemnity insurance
PII guidance for members
Benevolent Fund
Financial Assistance
Help and advice
How do I donate to the Benevolent Fund?
Clone of Financial Assistance
Retired members
Terms of reference
Committee
Meetings and events
News
My profile
Your membership number
Maternity leave
Reduced Rate
Tax relief
Member offers
Badges
Useful resources for reps and members
Annual General Meeting
LearningEducation approval and accreditation
Application for programme/placement approval
Approval and Accreditation Board
Fees
Assessors
Dental nurse courses
Student zone
Introduction to SoR
Student Representative Forum
Student Welcome Week 2020
Student benefits
Student support at SoR
News
Radiography societies
Student research and dissertations
Preparing for work
Emergencies and Support
Student Awards
Annual Student Conference
Getting involved
Trainee assistant practitioners
CPD
CPD Now
CPD endorsement
e-Learning
e-Learning for Healthcare
Exclusive e-learning discounts for overseas members
CoR events
Developing tomorrow’s leaders: Essential Training for Radiography Managers
Post-registration courses
Certificate of IV administration
Postgraduate award in mammography practice
Library and publications
Policy & guidance document library
Archived and superseded policy and guidance document library
Radiography
Imaging & Therapy Practice
Synergy News
Imaging & Oncology
SCoR Talk
Top Talk
Student Talk
SoR News
Health & safety newsletter
Webinars
Short courses and study days
Career progressionJobs
Vacancies
Working in the UK
Working abroad
Confirmation of qualifications
Assistant practitioners
News
Assistant practitioner accreditation
Accredited AP register
Practitioners
Advanced practitioners
Advanced practitioner accreditation
News
Consultants
Consultant radiographer group
Clinical practice
Consultant practitioner accreditation
Development & training
Raising the profile
Role evaluation tool
Articles & presentations
Useful publications
News
Position papers
Educators
Association for radiography educators
Independent practitioners
Managers
News
SCoR guidance for managers
Learning and development resources
Radiology managers conference
Radiotherapy managers
Useful publications
Useful links & resources
Developing Tomorrow’s Leaders: Essential Training for Radiography Managers, March 2020
Developing Tomorrow’s Leaders: March 2019
Developing Tomorrow’s Leaders: November 2019
Education and Training Tariff
Practice educators
Return to practice
Must read information
News
Period of updating skills and knowledge
Researchers
CoRIPS research grants
Doctoral fellowships
News
Research group
National research profiles
Undertaking research
Getting started
Moving on
Finding funding
PhD and Prof. Doc. log
Research FAQs
Useful links
Research Resource Articles
Council for Allied Health Professions Research (CAHPR)
Log of live member research
Research Specialist Interest Groups
Formal Radiography Research Mentorship (FoRRM)
External Assessors
Professional expert (expert witness)
Six simple steps to a job-ready CV
PracticeRadiotherapy
News
Patient safety
Promoting radiotherapy
Radiotherapy advisory group
UK countries
UK Radiotherapy Board
Breast radiotherapy interest group
Brachytherapy radiographers forum
Specialist paediatric radiographers
Imaged Guided Radiotherapy SIG
Superficial radiotherapy SIG
Information, support and review
Paperless radiotherapy interest group
Diagnostic Imaging
North West chest x-ray reporting radiographers SIG
Diagnostic Imaging Advisory Group (DIAG)
Fracture Liaison Services
Prevention/Public Health
Medicines Management
Supply, Administration & Prescribing Radiographers
Radiation protection
News
Ionising radiation
Radiation regulations
Radiation protection FAQs
Related organisations
Research using ionising radiation
Ultrasound
News
Education / CPD
Health & safety for sonographers
Professional issues
Sonographer registration project
Ultrasound advisory group
Useful links
Screening
Register of sonographers
2020 Medical Ultrasound Awareness Month #MUAM
2019 Medical Ultrasound Awareness Month #MUAM
2018 Medical Ultrasound Awareness Month #MUAM
Cross-sectional imaging
CT
CT special interest groups
MRI
MR advisory group
MRI safety
Educational Resources
The Control of Electro Magnetic Fields at Work Regulations (CEMFAW)
BAMRR
Stroke imaging
Useful links and publications
Intervention
Mammography
Nuclear medicine
News
Nuclear Medicine & Molecular Imaging Advisory Group (NMMAG)
Useful publications
External partners
Paediatrics
The Association of Paediatric Radiographers
Obtaining consent
Reporting
Other groups
Forensic radiography
GIRSIG
Radiographic informatics
Special interest groups
Scottish Clinical Imaging Network
Trade union supportReps
Being a rep
Health & safety reps
Union learning reps
Reps Training
Education and awards
Find your rep
LRD publications online
Social network guidance
Useful resources for reps
Annual Delegates Conference
ADC 2020
ADC 2019
ADC 2018
ADC 2017
ADC 2016
ADC 2015
ADC 2014
ADC 2013
Problem at work?
Making a claim: What to do when things go wrong
Raising concerns in the workplace
Agenda for change
News
National changes to AfC
Out of hours
Pay scales
Job evaluation
Knowledge & skills framework
Annex T
Annex U
Split contracts
The 2018 NHS Pay Offer
Equalities
Equalise
News
Employment advice
Part time working
Disciplinary & grievance
Injuries at work
Sickness absence
Learning contract
Health & safety
News
Health & safety campaigns
Role and Functions of Safety Representatives
Health & safety events
SoR health & safety forum
Asbestos
Bullying
Cancer in the workplace
Carrying out a Risk Assessment
Gender Occupational health and safety (GOSH)
Lone workers
Manual handling of patients
Menopause
Mental health
RIDDOR
Shift Working
Time to Change
Pensions
News
Useful documents
Campaigns
News
A SCoR Survivor's Guide to Marches and Rallies
COVID-19 Employment Advice
Political Fund
Contribute to the Political Fund
Leave the Political Fund
Around the UKNorthern Ireland
News
Diary dates
Council
Resources
Trusts
Newsletters
Scotland
News
Diary dates
Council
Reps forum
Resources
Wales
News
Diary dates
Council
Resources
Eastern
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
London
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
Newsletters
Study Days
Midlands
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
North west
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
Northern
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
South east
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
South west
News
Diary dates
Committee
Resources
Employers
Yorkshire & North Trent
News
Diary dates
Committee
Reps Training Days
Reps' Meeting Resources
Employers
Regional Committee/National Council Member Registration
You are hereHomePrivacy policy
Privacy policy
Introduction
In this Privacy Policy, "We", "Us" and "Our" mean the Society of Radiographers Limited, registered in England and Wales, company number 00169483 and the College of Radiographers, registered in England Wales, company number 01287383. Our registered office is 207 Providence Square, Mill Street, London SE1 2EW.
We are firmly committed to protecting your privacy and aim to be clear when we collect your information and use it only as you would reasonably expect.
How we use personal information
We will not use your personal information unless we have first told you how we will use it or it is obvious how we will use it.
We collect and use personal information for:
Membership applications for all types of membership
Membership administration including but not limited to: payment, renewals, providing event information, delivery of CPD, campaigning, keeping a record of our relationship with a member
Membership benefit administration is by post, telephone, and electronic means
Representation of the whole membership, a workplace group or individual
Elections and appointments to committees
Processing nominations and making awards
Personal injury claims and indemnity insurance
Processing and administering Benevolent Fund (ICO registration number Z9185794) applications and donations
Processing and administering student records
Event applications, registrations and administration
Informing people about our events
Carrying out surveys of members
Forwarding member surveys and consultations run by other organisations with whom we collaborate or are funding
Processing grant applications and awards
Processing applications for and maintaining a public voluntary register of sonographers
Processing accreditation of assistant practitioners
Processing member expenses
Employee administration
Our legal basis for processing personal information
The Society of Radiographers and the College of Radiographers share all personal information that is processed. Our lawful basis for the purposes that we process personal information is consent, for the performance of a contract, or for our legitimate interests.
The law allows us to collect and use personal data if it is necessary for our legitimate business interest and so long as its use is fair, balanced and does not unduly impact your rights. In many situations, the best approach for our members is to process personal data because of our legitimate interests, rather than consent.
We will ask for your consent to send you marketing emails and text messages. You can withdraw consent for this at any time.
Usually we will only process sensitive personal data if we have your explicit consent. In extreme situations, we may share your personal details with the emergency services if we believe it is in your ‘vital interests’ to do so. For example, if someone is taken ill during one of our events.
We may also share your personal information where we are compelled by law to do so.
We process employee personal information to meet our legal obligations as an employer.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information from you directly through our website, through surveys and sometimes paper forms.
Universities may provide us with your personal information when they register you for student membership with us. We may share your information with your University in administering your SoR membership or your University student record.
We may collect information about the software on your computer (your browser version etc.) and your IP address (your connection with the internet) to improve your interaction with the Website and for our records.  This may happen automatically without your being aware of it.
We may use cookies (small text files which we and other website operators store on your computer when you visit our websites) to deliver a better and more personalised interaction. They enable us to recognise you when you return to the Website, store information about your preferences, and improve the way your searches are processed.  They also enable us to generate statistics about the number of visitors we have and how they use the Website and the internet.  You can set your browser to reject our cookies if you wish (you should consult your browser help section for details), but this might restrict your use of the website and other websites. For more information about cookies, please see our cookies statement.
The personal information that we collect
The type and quantity of information we collect and how we use it depends on why you are providing it.
For membership applications, administration and renewals we will collect:
Your name
Your contact details
Your date of birth
Details of your HCPC registration
Your place of work and job title
Your pay and hours worked
Information about your specialities
Information about your qualifications
Your mailing preferences
Your bank or credit card details
Your gender, nationality, ethnicity, and if you have a disability. We make it clear that providing this information is optional. If provided it is used for equal opportunities monitoring.
In addition to the personal information that is needed for membership applications, renewals and administration, we may collect other personal information as follows.
For whole membership, workplace group or individual representation we may also collect:
Work place name, address and contact information
For elections and appointments to committees we may also collect:
Qualifications, training and employment history
For processing nominations and making awards we may also collect:
Some personal circumstance information
Name and contact details of the nominee
For personal injury claims and indemnity insurance we may also collect:
Medical records and circumstances surrounding claims information
For processing and administering benevolent fund applications and donations we may also collect:
Financial records and information
Medical records and information
For event applications, registrations and administration we may also collect:
Source of referral
Medical information such as dietary requirements and any disabilities relevant to accommodating event attendance
For informing people about our events we may also collect:
Names and contact details of non-members
For carrying out surveys of members we may also collect:
Employer information
For processing grant applications and awards we may also collect:
Employment history
Education and training
Referee name and contact details
For processing applications for and maintaining a public voluntary register of ultra-sonographers we may also collect:
Details of any relevant registration
For processing accreditation of assistant practitioners, we may also collect:
Employment history
Education and training
Referee name and contact details
For processing member expenses, we may also collect:
Financial records and information
How we may share personal information
We may share some of your personal information with organisations that carry out processing operations on our behalf, such as web services companies and mailing organisations. We carry out checks on these companies before we work with them and put a contract in place that sets out our expectations and requirements, especially regarding how they manage the personal information that we give to them.
We do not sell or share personal information to third parties for the purposes of marketing.  But, if we run an event in partnership with another named organisation your details may need to be shared with them. We will be very clear what will happen to your personal information if you register for such an event.
We may share some personal information with the Electoral Reform Society in the event of an election or a ballot.
Members' contact details, including email addresses, may be shared with SCoR volunteers such as accredited representatives and committee members to aid communication between members and interest groups.
We will not sell personal information other than as part of a sale of a substantial part of our assets. We may disclose it to a prospective purchaser, but only for use in connection with that sale.
We may need to disclose your details if required to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors.
We may need to make our list of membership available for the Personal Indemnity Insurance.
We may share some personal information with third-party market researchers to help us understand member views and improve our services. Your participation is always gratefully received but not mandated and you are welcome to decline taking part. We will not share your personal information directly with academic researchers but you may see invitations to participate in existing SCoR communications channels. Again participation is always gratefully received but is not mandated.
We may need to share your personal information with your employer and their appointed third-parties (e.g. solicitors) in accordance with accepted practices in trade union representation.
We will only ever share your data in other circumstances if we have your explicit and informed consent.
It may sometimes be necessary to transfer personal information overseas. Any transfers made will be in compliance with data protection regulation.
How we protect personal information
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.
We provide guidance and regular data protection training to our staff.
We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details.  For example, our computer network and servers are protected and routinely monitored.
We store all personal information that you supply us with on secured servers or in secure paper files. For your protection, any payment details that you provide us with will be encrypted using SSL (Secure Sockets Layers) technology.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to ensure that your personal information is protected, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the website. Any transmission of your personal information by you is therefore at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access.
How long we keep personal information
We will only keep personal information for as long as we have a valid reason for keeping it. After that we delete or dispose of the information securely.
We keep personal information about:
Our membership indefinitely so that we can administer and prove membership. Non-core information (e.g. personal details not relevant to prove membership at any point in time) about members is destroyed ten years after membership has lapsed.
Representation case data of an individual are held for 3 years from resolution of case.  Summary data of the case are held on indefinitely as a record of activity.
Elections and appointment to committees indefinitely to maintain a record and history of committee members.
Award recipients indefinitely, and all nominations for five years for our records.
Personal injury claims for 3 years after settlement has been made to maintain a record that a claim was made and of the results.
Benevolent fund applications for 5 years after applications are made so that we can identify repeat applications to the fund.
Event applications, registrations and administration for 2 years until after the event has taken place.
Surveys of members for 3 years after the survey so that data can be referenced for statistical analysis.
Grant applications and awards indefinitely for successful applications and persons to abide by company rules.
The public voluntary register of sonographers (PVRS) for 2 years after successful application as the register is updated every 2 years.
Accreditation of assistant practitioners for 2 years after application has been approved or deferred to delivery professional service
Member’s expenses for 6 years as required by law.
Employees for the duration of their employment and 6 years after employment ceases in accordance with the law.
Your rights
You have a right to know what personal data we hold, who we acquired it from, how we process it, the logic involved in any automatic processing, and who we disclose it to.
You have a right to ask us not to process your personal data for direct marketing purposes unrelated to SoR membership.
You have a right to ask us not to make decisions based solely on the automatic processing of your personal information.
You have a right to ask us not to process your personal information in a way that is likely to cause unwarranted and substantial damage or distress.
You have a right to ask us to erase your personal information.
These statutory rights are qualified by exceptions and exemptions.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the address below.
You can find out more about your rights from the Information Commissioner, who regulates data protection and privacy.
Changes to this policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on our website or by contacting you directly.
Contact
Please feel free to contact us with any questions, comments or queries regarding this Privacy Policy. All questions should be directed to the Data Protection Officer at the Society and College of Radiographers at 207 Providence Square, Mill Street, London SE1 2EW, dpo@sor.org.
Printer-friendly version
Content tools
Printer-friendly version
Contact us about this page
Email to a friend
Tweet
Style Switcher
Small Font|font
Medium Font|font
Large Font|font
Colour 1|colour
Colour 2|colour
Colour 3|colour
Colour 4|colour
Accessibility controls
Text size
AA A
Colour
C
C
C
C
Accessibility
© 2020 The Society and College of Radiographers
207 Providence Square, Mill Street, London SE1 2EW
Telephone: 020 7740 7200
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies
Sitemap
Site by DEESON