http://www.blueheronacademy.com/privacy.html
Your Smart Choice
Find Out Why          In Just 2-Minutes
Education Programs
Medical Massage Therapy
Holistic Health Practitioner
Phlebotomy Technician
Personal Fitness Trainer
Life Coach
Clinical Nutrition
Herbal Medicine
Diet-Weight Management
Acupressure & Massage
Student Information
Contact Us
Academy Location
About the Founder
About the Academy
Career Services
Financial Assistance
Student Resources
eProducts Bookstore
eLearning Programs
Registration Form
Transcript Request  616-285-9999
Home
The staff and teachers are professional, courteous and responsive. Great school!    Leisa Rasmussen
Information Collection and Use
Blue Heron Academy collects information from users at several different points on our Website.
Google Remarketing Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.
Users may opt-out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ and https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Order and Information Request Forms
We request information from the user on our order form and information request form.  A user must provide contact information such as name, email, and home address.
This information is used for mailing information about the Academy and to fill customer product orders.
If we have trouble processing an order or sending requested information, the information is used to contact the user.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies and log files.
A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences.
Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user.  This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Website, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them.
We do not share your profile with other third parties at anytime for any reason.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
We use session ID cookies.
For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates.
Log Files
Like most standard Website servers we use log files.
This includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account and we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing:
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Website.
Security
This Website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the Website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our product order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just "surfing."
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Our employees and independent affiliates must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk.
When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information.
Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees and independent affiliates are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected.
Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
If users have any questions about the security of our Website, users can send an email to hleonard@blueheronacademy.com
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information.  This can usually be done by emailing our Operations Department at hleonard@blueheronacademy.com.
Or, contact us by telephone at 1-616-285-9999.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner.
In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Website notifying users of the change.  In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone 1-616-285-9999
Email: hleonard@blueheronacademy.com
Website: www.BlueHeronAcademy.com