http://www.skinlaserclinic.co.uk/privacy-policy.php
Home
About us
Why choose us
Meet the team
Advice Sheets
Laser
Laser hair removal
Facial thread veins
Laser age spots
Laser tattoo removal process
Laser tattoo removal
Laser & IPL for Rosacea
NHS treatments
Non Laser
I need help with
Scars
Wrinkles
Acne
Rosacea
Moles
Skin tags
Injectables
Fillers
Botulinum
Scars
Dermaroller
Peels
CO2 Laser
Subcision
Skincare
Patient reviews
Fees
News
Contact us
Contact us
Our clinics
Opening Hours: Mon-Fri: 9am - 7pm
Sat: 9am - 1pm
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and we promise to do the following:
Use your personal information only to provide you with the information you have requested or have agreed to receive.
Keep your data safe and secure and process it in a manner that follows your wishes.
Use cookies (but only those which don't personally identify you) to improve the quality of your online experience.
Assist you to change your mind at any time about the communications you have signed up to receive.
Personal information this website collects
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected:
Name and title
Contact information including email address and telephone number
IP address (automatically collected)
Web browser type and version (automatically collected)
Operating system (automatically collected)
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to the information you voluntarily give us. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. If we do not hear otherwise from you, we will assume that the information you provide to us is accurate and up-to-date and we will continue to use the information to send you any communications you have requested.
Where your data is held
Your data is held on secure servers operated by Namesco Limited and will be stored under robust security measures.
For more information, please see Namesco Limited Privacy Policy
Your rights
You have the right to:
have access to the personal information we hold about you;
have rectified any incomplete, inaccurate out-of-date personal information that we hold about you;
have personal information we hold about you erased from our systems;
have the processing of your personal information restricted; and
receive the personal information we hold about you transmitted to another party.
Please note that these rights may only apply in certain circumstances. If you contact us to exercise any of these rights we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will only use this information in order to verify your identity.
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you at any time, subject to a fee specified by law (which is currently £10). You also have the right to ask us to update or correct any incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date personal information that we hold about you free of charge.
Before we are able to provide you with, or to correct, any personal information we hold about you, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will only use this information in order to verify your identity.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights please contact our Data Protection Coordinator.
If you believe that our processing of your personal information is contrary to applicable law please contact our Data Protection Coordinator as the address detailed below, however you are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office.
People who make a complaint to us
When we receive a complaint from a person we make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint. We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide.
We usually have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a person’s record is in dispute. If a complainant doesn’t want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis.
We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for two years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle.
Similarly, where enquiries are submitted to us we will only use the information supplied to us to deal with the enquiry and any subsequent issues and to check on the level of service we provide.
Storage and security of your personal information
Security
We comply with the standard procedures and requirements as laid down by applicable law to ensure that your personal information is kept secure and we use the latest in Secure Server Technology (SSL – 128bit encryption) to ensure that all of your personal information is protected to the highest standards.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk.
Any passwords that you use must be kept securely. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
Additionally, the information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the UK and the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by our third party suppliers outside of the UK and EEA.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Google Analytics records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you. Google Analytics also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop Google Analytics from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data
Read Google Analytics use of cookies - Google’s developer guides
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Every browser is different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some features may be disabled.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
The Data Controller
The Private Skin Laser Clinic LLP
Registered address
40, Queen Anne Street, London, England, W1G 9EL
Operating address
Clinic 6, 1st Floor, Royal Free Hospital, London, NW3 2QG
Registration number for the UK Data Protection Act 1998 is Z6754450
Data Protection Officer
Pantelis Papageorgiou
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review.
Contains public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0.
http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/
© The Private Skin Laser Clinic