http://www.champneys.com/privacy-notice/
Home
Privacy Notice
At Champneys, your privacy is extremely important to us. We are committed to protecting and respecting all personally identifiable information that you might provide us with whilst you visit our website. The following privacy statement will explain what personal data we collect from you and how we use that information.
Personal Data We Collect
Champneys collects data to enable us to provide you with the best Champneys experience possible. Some of the data we collect is provided directly by you, for example, when you sign up to our newsletter, create a Champneys account or purchase one of our Spa Breaks, Gift Cards or one of our Champneys products.
We also collect information about how you interact with our website and products. We get this information by recording interactions using technologies like cookies.
The data we collect from you depends on your interaction with us and your own preferences that you can update in your preference centre. The type of data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact details – We collect your first and last names, email address, postal address, phone number and any other relevant contact details
Demographic details – We collect information about your age, gender and country
Login information - We collect all password data that can be used for account access
Reason for Stay and Interests – We collect information about why you choose to visit Champneys, and what you hope to gain from the experience
Relevant Medical information – We collect information regarding any medical information that is necessary for the safe administration of treatments
Guest information – We collect information about any guests that you might be visiting Champneys with
How We Use Personal Data
Champneys uses the data we collect to operate our business and provide you with the products and services we offer. This includes using data to help personalise your experience. We may also use the data we collect to communicate with you. For example, keeping you informed about your booking. We use personal information we collect about you in the following ways:
Fulfilling requests
To provide you with information, products and services that you request from us, including providing you with prices for different stays
To process any transactions you are completing with Champneys
To process any special offers or promotions that you enter
Marketing
Providing you with information about any products you have previously purchased or informing you about any similar products that relate to products you have previously purchased
Measuring and understanding the effectiveness of any advertising we serve to you or others and to deliver any relevant advertising to you based upon your activity on our website or purchasing behaviour
To offer any suggestions and recommendations to you about products that may interest you, based on your previous purchase or website behaviour
Reasons We Share Personal Data
Champneys will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents, subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example, to send you mailings). When we work with a third party we only disclose information necessary to deliver the service and we have a signed contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own marketing purposes.
From time to time we may show you offers from trusted third parties. We would never supply them with your information, however, we may show you exclusive offers from these trusted third parties in email communications.
We will only show you offers on the basis you have provided us with consent to do so. Consent is typically provided via checking an opt in box presented to you on a Champneys website form or in some cases, it may be provided by you to us either verbally over the telephone or in person. Where your consent has been obtained verbally, we will always provide confirmation to you of the consent you have provided to us in the form on an email for your records.
Use of Data Processors
Accord Marketing Group – Accord support Champneys in with email marketing and online advertising, we provide them with information which allows them to contact customers about booking related information, news and offers from Champneys or Champneys trusted partners.
https://accordmarketing.com/
Resort Suite – Resort Suite provide Champneys with the software which allows us to track and schedule bookings online. The information collected by Resort Suite helps us to manage any bookings you make and ensures your visit to Champneys can run as smoothly as possible.
http://www.resortsuite.com/
All Response Media - We use All Response Media Ltd. for our analysis and optimisation and they utilise your non-personal data to plan and optimise media campaigns to most effectively deliver our marketing strategies and ensure the ads that you receive from us are relevant to you. They do this through Performance, Analysis and Targeting cookies.
Further detail of the related cookies can be noted in the Cookie Policy on this website and All Response Media’s website
http://www.allresponsemedia.com
Mirus IT Solutions – Mirus support Champneys in hosting all of our customer data. Part of their role is also ensuring that appropriate security surrounds the servers where any data is stored, minimising any risk of a data breach.
https://www.mirus-it.co.uk/
The data that we collect from you will not be transferred to, or stored at, any destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
How To Access and Control Your Personal Data
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you are not interested in receiving marketing information from us about the latest offers and news exclusive for you, you are able to unsubscribe from our mailing list at the bottom of any email you receive. Alternatively you can login to your account online and update your preferences.
We will not contact you by email, phone or text message unless you have given us your prior consent.
We like to make sure that all the information we hold about our customers is as up to date as possible. If you would like to get edit any of your details, you can do this by logging in to your account area and editing your profile.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
What are cookies?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by your browser on your computer, mobile phone or tablet. They allow websites to store things like user preferences. Cookies allow websites to record things such as your preferences. Making your browsing experience more personalised.
How does the Champneys website use cookies?
Visiting a page on the Champneys website may result in the following cookie types and other behaviour recording technology being generated.
Necessary cookies
This type of cookie remembers your preference for the site, this means that you don’t need to re-enter this information each time you visit. These cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Statistical cookies:
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Each time you visit the website, software which is provided by another organisation creates an anonymous analytics cookie. These cookies recognise if you have visited the site before, if you haven’t it creates a new one. These cookies allow us to see how many users we have, how many of those are individual and how often they visit our website.
Marketing cookies
These cookies are used by software, they register and report the website user’s actions after viewing or clicking on an advert, with the purpose of measuring the efficiency of an advert and to present targeted adverts to the user. These cookies allow the users behaviour to be tracked across multiple domains.
SessionCam
Our website may use SessionCam for analysis. SessionCam is a product that has been developed by SessionCam LTD. SessionCam may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. The information collected does not include bank details or any sensitive personal data. Data collected by SessionCam from Champneys Henlow Ltd website is for Champneys Henlow Ltd internal use only. The information collected is used to improve our website usability and is stored and used for aggregated and statistical reporting.
You have the right to choose that none of your website activity is recorded by SessionCam. In order to make sure your session activity is not recorded please visit https://sessioncam.com/choose-not-to-be-recorded/
Access To Information
The GDPR gives you various rights to the information we hold about you. Such rights can be exercised by you in accordance with the GDPR. In line with the regulation, all reasonable requests will be free of charge and processed within the permitted time period. Repeated requests may be subject to a fee which Champneys will advise you of prior to processing such requests.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be displayed on this page and, where deemed appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to GDPR Enquiries, Marketing Department, Champneys Tring, Chesham Road, Wigginton, Tring HP23 6HX or by emailing us at privacypolicy@champneys.com.
Load time Friday, 11 December 2020 07:57:58:027