https://www.implanteducation.net/terms-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Cancellation Policy for All California Implant Institute’s Courses
Deposits and Cancellation Policy:
A deposit of $2500 is required to hold a spot for any CII program, of which the administration fee of $1000 is non-refundable. Due to the nature of our programs, a cancellation must be made in writing two months prior to course commencement; at which time registrant will receive a refund (less the $1000 administration fee). No portion of the tuition is refundable if cancellation is less than two months prior to the course date, and no portion of tuition is refundable for failure to show.
Transferring Registration:
The transferring fee is $1000.  The deposit, minus the administration fee/transferring fee of $1000, may be transferred to another program in the future pending availability.
Refunds:
Registration is fully refundable only if course is cancelled by the California Implant Institute. We reserve the right to cancel a course for any reason and cannot be responsible for hotel deposits or non-refundable airline tickets or other associated fees.
Disclaimer for our Live Patient Courses
California Implant Institute cannot guarantee a specific number of implants placed or bone grafting procedures to be performed by any attendee during the live patient courses. This is because doctors possess different surgical skills that will affect the overall outcome of the surgeries. Unexpected and inevitable surgical errors will result in diminished number of implants or grafting procedures being completed by the attending doctors. If a surgical error occurs, that patient will not be replaced to perform the same procedure.
Our courses do not offer diplomas. Certificates, not diplomas, will be awarded by the California Implant Institute for its courses.All participants must be licensed dentists or dental students.CII bears no responsibility for the outcome of patient treatment skills and techniques that are learned during the course.CII bears no responsibility for any injury incurred by the participants during the sessions or in travel to or from the session.
Important Note Regarding Customs
CII will not be responsible for any customs fees incurred by International shipments.  All customs fees will be the responsibility of the customer.
Course Curriculum
California Implant Institute reserves the right to change the lecture topics, the lecture sequence, and also add or cancel speakers as it sees fit for the benefit of the participants and the quality of the program at any time and without notice.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy at California Implant Institute. We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer, and we are the sole owner of all information collected on this site. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement.