https://www.herzig-eye.com/privacy-policy-terms/
Privacy Policy & Terms
Our Commitment to Privacy
Herzig Eye Institute takes the issue of privacy seriously. We recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable Information you share with us. We provide this Privacy Statement to explain our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information may be collected, used and disclosed by us.
Privacy Policy
Herzig Eye Institute collects personal information for the purpose of identifying and treating patients and their medical conditions.  Personal information is protected in accordance with the directives outlined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and will not be distributed without the patient’s written consent or used for purposes beyond that for which it was collected.  Individuals may access and amend their personal information provided to Herzig Eye Institute by contacting us:
By Mail:
Attention: Privacy Officer
Herzig Eye Institute
150 Bloor St W, Suite 210
Toronto, ON
(416)929-2020
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to information we maintain.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Herzig Eye Institute will not sell, share or otherwise distribute personal information except as provided in this Policy.  Herzig Eye Institute will disclose personal information only when required by law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Herzig Eye Institute retains your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.
Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation
Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) came into force on July 1, 2014.  Herzig Eye Institute has implemented a series of practices to comply with the consent and unsubscribing provisions for Commercial Electronic Messages (CEMs) in Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL). Where consent is required by CASL, Herzig Eye Institute ensures that recipients have expressly opted-in or have given their implied consent to receive Herzig Eye Institute communications. You have the option to unsubscribe at any time.
Website User Privacy Policy
The Herzig Eye Institute Website User Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and disclose information obtained through our website: www.herzig-eye.com.
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons & Tracking Technologies
Herzig Eye Institute uses cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies to collect information about usage patterns. This information assists Herzig Eye Institute in tracking traffic and site use, as well as in developing content that responds to the interests of visitors.   These methods permit us to collect various types of information, including aggregate trend and statistical information.
Cookies are pieces of data that a Web site transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes.  Cookies do not contain any personal information about an individual and cannot be used to identify you personally. Cookie preferences can be viewed and adjusted through your web browser.  Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, email response and tracking.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.  A description of how Google Analytics collects and processes data is set out in “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”.
Call Tracking
Herzig Eye Institute employs the use of analytic call tracking to manage the success of our online campaigns.  Calls are recorded for quality assurance purposes in compliance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).  You will be informed at the beginning of your call if it is being recorded.  We do not track and record all calls.
Updates and Conditions of Use
Herzig Eye Institute will update this Policy as necessary to reflect changes to our personal information practices. Use of our websites indicates your acceptance of Herzig Eye Institute’s Website User Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this site, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use this site.  We may change or modify the content of our website as well as these Terms of Use at our sole discretion and without prior notice, and you agree to comply with and be bound by such Terms of Use as they may be modified, changed or amended.
The Site Does Not Provide Medical Advice
Materials produced here are not intended to provide medical information. Rather, the materials are presented for informational purposes only.  None of the materials presented may be relied upon by any person for any medical, diagnostic or treatment reasons whatsoever.  None of the materials presented here may be relied upon by any person for any purpose other than informational purposes without the express written consent of the Herzig Eye Institute.  Herzig Eye Institute disclaims any liability for any injury or other damages resulting from the review or use of the information obtained here. Any person reviewing the materials presented here should obtain specific medical advice and answers to specific medical questions, by a qualified healthcare professional.
Jurisdiction
All listings, advertisements and other information, and all rights and remedies arising therefrom, or from the use of this web site or any portion hereof, are governed exclusively by the laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, without regard to the conflicts of laws principals thereof, and your use of this website is your acceptance of the said laws.
Herzig Eye Institute is not responsible for the content provided within the site. Usage of the information within the site is at your own risk. Herzig Eye Institute does not endorse or claim responsibility for any content or representations within the site and will not be held liable for any injury or harm arising from the use of this information.
Liability
Although we strive to update and keep accurate as much as possible the content contained on our website, errors and/or omissions may occur.  Except as specifically stated on this Website, none of HERZIG EYE INSTITUTE or any of its respective directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this Website, or any other hyperlinked Website. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
External Links
Our websites may include links to other organizations’ websites. Herzig Eye Institute provides these links for the user’s information and convenience. Herzig Eye Institute is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of other sites.
Copyright and Trademarks
This site is designed and maintained by Herzig Eye Institute.  All contents of this site constitute the property of Herzig Eye Institute and may not be copied, reproduced or distributed without prior written permission.
Certain names, words, titles, logos, graphics or designs on this website may constitute trademarks, registered or not, service marks or trade names (collectively the “Marks”) and are our property, or the property of other owners who have granted us the right and licence to use such Marks. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the material contained on the Herzig Eye Institute website.
Back
×
Book your FREE Consultation Now!
VIEW
+
-
Are you an existing patient, or do you have a general question for us?
Select Your Age*
18 – 29
30 – 39
40 – 49
50 – 59
60 – 74
75+
Select Appointment Location*
Toronto
Ottawa
Preferred Appointment Time*
Morning
Afternoon
No Preference
Select Preferred Days (Monday-Friday)*
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
I’m Interested in*
Laser Vision Correction (e.g. LASIK, SMILE, PRK)
Intraocular Collamer Lens (ICL)
Refractive Lens Exchange (RLE)
Cataract Surgery
Keratoconus
Dry Eye
Other
Had prior laser vision correction or cataract surgery at another clinic?
I’m an HRPA member
Please wait...
Request Your Personalized Consultation Today!
At the Herzig Eye Institute we are pleased to offer complimentary consultations for LASIK & other High Definition Vision® solutions.
During your consultation, you will:
Meet an eye doctor and the Herzig Eye Institute staff
Take a tour of our facility
Complete a comprehensive assessment including several diagnostic tests
Receive a thorough, personalized consultation to determine the best procedure for you.
Call Toronto: 416.929.2020 |
Ottawa : 613.800.1680
or complete this form to see which one of our High Definition Vision® solutions is right for you.
Note: If you are an existing patient or would like to ask a question, please
click here.
×
VIEW
+
-
Please wait...
By providing your information above, you’re providing us consent to email you educational and vision correction offers and promotions. You may unsubscribe at any time.