http://www.epda.eu.com/terms-of-use-accessibility-and-privacy/terms-of-use/
We use cookies to store user preferences and to anonymously track visitors for analytics.  Some cookies are essential and can't be turned off.  If you would like to allow all cookies please click Accept otherwise click Decline to disable all but essential cookies.  For more information please view our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Decline
Home
Terms of Use, Accessibility and Privacy
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Read the EPDA website Terms of Use.
Terms of Use
This website is owned and operated by the European Parkinson's Disease Association ("EPDA"), a charitable organisation registered in Bruxelles (Numéro de l'association: 8727/2000, No TVA ou no entreprise: 465299201) and also registered in England and Wales (Charity Number 1163211).
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "We", "Our" and "Us" refers to the EPDA.
The material contained within the website includes copyrighted animations, photographs, images, videos, text, music, and sounds (collectively, the "Content").  The "Site" refers to the website, its content, design, organisation, layout and functions.
Governing law
The terms and conditions and the use of the Site shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties hereto submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Site and/or any transactions made on the Site, or these Terms and Conditions.However, some of the information in the pages contained in this website may not be accessed from certain jurisdictions and no representation or warranty is made as to whether the information available in this website complies with the regulatory regime of countries other than the United Kingdom.
Use of the EPDA site
Your access to and use of this Site and/or the media on which it is stored is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions (the "Terms of Use") and acknowledge that any prior agreements, written or oral, between you and the EPDA are superseded and of no force or effect. If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this site must be terminated immediately.
Furthermore, your use of this Site warrants to Us that you will not use the Site, the Content or any part thereof for any purpose that is in contravention of any applicable law or regulation or in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property rights of third parties or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others or in any defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful manner.
You agree to use this Site only for lawful purposes and in a manner which does not infringe the rights or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party. The website is provided on an 'as is' basis and no warranty is given that the Site will be accessible by any particular browser, operating system or device.
Service access
Access to this site is permitted on a temporary basis, and We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service We provide on our site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Google Translate disclaimer
Where we have included GoogleTM Translate functionality to the site, this is to provide an automated translation service between different languages. The EPDA has no control over the accuracy or availability of the Google™ Translate service and your use of this service is at your own risk. The EPDA disclaims and will not accept any liability for damages or losses of any kind caused by the use of Google™ Translate.
If you have any questions about Google™ Translate, please go to the GoogleTM Translate website.
Liability
In no event will we be liable for any damages, including indirect or consequential damages, or loss of profits arising from or in connection with the use or loss of use of our website. We do not claim that this website or any of the content will be uninterrupted or error free, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses and bugs.
Medical information
We make every effort to ensure that the information on the website is accurate. Any medical information referred to in or through this website is given for information purposes only and it is not intended to constitute professional advice for medical diagnosis or treatment, to replace consultation with a qualified medical practitioner, or to advocate or recommend the purchase of any product or to endorse or guarantee the credentials or appropriateness of any health care provider. You are strongly advised to consult with an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
Changes to terms and conditions
The EPDA may, at its sole discretion, modify or revise these terms at any time by posting changes online and without notice. Your continued use of this Site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
Any failure of the EPDA to exercise or enforce any of its rights under these Terms of Use shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such rights or operate so as to bar the subsequent exercise or enforcement or any such rights. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms of Use will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these Terms of Use.
User accounts
Where you log on in order to gain access to this site or a part of this site, you undertake to log off and exit from your account at the end of your session. To protect your user account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your user account.
You agree that by creating a user account on this site, your e-mail address may be used to keep you updated about your account and included in the EPDA's general mailing list.  You can unsubscribe from this mailing list at any time by clicking here. We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your access to the website at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Links to other websites
The Site contains links to websites operated by parties other than the EPDA and links to publications located on external websites. Such links are provided by Us for your convenience only.
Links to third-party sites do not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or the activities or views of that organisation or any association with their operators and We are not responsible for the information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through those websites. Your access and use of such websites remains solely at your own risk and without Our permission.
EPDA is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk. By making use of any such links, you understand that the legal statement and privacy policy of the linked site will apply and which may be different from those of the EPDA. We expressly reserve the right to withdraw Our consent at any time to a link which in Our sole opinion is inappropriate or controversial.
EPDA content and  RSS feeds
The EPDA RSS feeds are made available by the EPDA on an "as is" and "as available" basis and the EPDA gives no warranty of any kind in relation to the its content or availability. You may not use the EPDA RSS feeds or display any EPDA content on any Site that is a web site that EPDA considers offensive, incites prejudice or discrimination, is misleading, pornographic, defamatory or infringes individual privacy. You may not directly or indirectly suggest any endorsement or approval by the EPDA of your Site or any non-EPDA entity, product or content or any views expressed within your site or service. Certain information on our website may occasionally contain typographical or other errors or be out of date. While we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of all our information, we make no commitment to update such information. We and any third parties referred to on the website assume no responsibility for how you use the information provided through the website.
Proprietary rights
All trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights in the materials on this Site (as well as the organisation and layout of this Site) are owned either directly by Us, by our Content suppliers or by Our licensors. Without Our prior written permission, you may not copy, modify, alter, publish, broadcast, distribute, sell or transfer any material on this Site in whole or in part. However, the content of this website may be downloaded, printed or copied for your personal non-commercial use.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence or transfer of title or intellectual property rights to you by Us or any third party.
All works in the nature of databases attract database rights. Some documents and photos have been published on this Site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not EPDA). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
Many of the images used within the Site feature images of people, animals and places. Models have been used in many of the pictures and no inference should be made as to their personal state of wellbeing or to their having any past, present or future relationship or communication with the EPDA, its employees, directors and officers or third party.
Furthermore, the EPDA make no representation or warranty as to your right to use any individual's name, likeness, and/or image appearing in the Content without first obtaining appropriate rights from such individual. You may not use photos or images of people or identifiable entities in any manner that suggests the endorsement or association of any product or service or in connection with any pornographic or immoral materials.
Any communication or material that you transmit to or post on any public area of the Site, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary information. Anything you transmit or post becomes the property of EPDA or its affiliates and may, at Our sole discretion, be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, EPDA is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Competitions and promotions
From time to time we may run competitions, promotions, surveys and polls from our sites. If applicable, separate terms and conditions will be posted governing these activities.
Privacy and data protection
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. For more information on please see our Privacy Policy.
Contacting us about the terms of use
If you have any comments about our website or our terms of use please email info@epda.eu.com.
ALL RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED.
About Parkinson’s
Read about Parkinson's FAQs
Read about What is Parkinson’s?
Read about Diagnosis
Read about Causes
Read about Types
Read about Symptoms
Read about Treatments
Read about Later in life
Read about Glossary
Read about Disclaimer
Living well
Read about Wellbeing
Read about Therapies
Read about Caring and Parkinson's
Read about Assessment tools
Read about Getting the most out of your healthcare
About us
Read about Who we are
Read about Our strategic goals
Read about Our people
Read about Our partners
Read about Governance
Read about Expert review panel
Read about Contact us
Our members
Read about Member organisations
Read about How to join
Read about Member benefits
Read about Other Parkinson's organisations
Get involved
Read about Advocacy
Read about Caring and Parkinson's
Read about Clinical trials
Read about Data collection
Read about Donate
Read about European projects
Read about Information for healthcare professionals
Read about My PD Journey
Read about The Parkinson's Disease Composite Scale
Read about Parkinson's Life
Read about The Parky Challenge
Read about #UniteForParkinsons
Read about Work with us
Latest
Read about COVID-19 (coronavirus)
Read about Resources
Read about News
Read about EPDA Toolkits
Read about Research
European Parkinson's Disease Association (EPDA)
Kings Lodge, London Road
West Kingsdown
Sevenoaks
Kent TN15 6AR
United Kingdom
info@epda.eu.com
Click to Donate
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Linkedin
Pinterest
Copyright © 2020 EPDA. All Rights Reserved
Terms of use
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Back to top