https://www.hft.org.uk/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
Services
Our Fusion Model of Support
Supported Living
Domiciliary Care
Residential
Day Opportunities
Short Breaks & Respite Care
Housing
Transition
The Family Carer Support Service
Personalised Technology
Empowering Individuals
Stories
About Us
Vision, Mission, and Values
CQC Regulation and Ratings
Blog
Media Centre
Hft support during the Covid-19 (Coronavirus) pandemic
Governance
Locations
History
Reports & Reviews
Memberships & Accreditations
Modern Slavery Statement
Contact us
Get Involved
Donate
Fundraising
Events
Corporate Partnerships
Funding Partnerships
Volunteer
Membership
Families
Our Service Locations
Campaigns
Jobs
Job search
What is support work?
Support Work Quiz
Could you be there to care during a pandemic?
Support Worker roles
Training & Qualifications
Staff benefits
Working at Hft
FAQs
Resources & Guidance
What is a learning disability?
Benefits & support
Learning disabilities & other challenges
Disability rights & legal
Social care
Learning difficulties & other needs
Search
Donate
Join Our Team
Adjust text and colour
Colour
C
C
C
C
Refresh
Size
A
A
A
Refresh
Search
Search
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Terms of Use
Our Terms of Use govern your use of the HF Trust Limited (Hft) website.
Home / Terms of Use
Terms of use
Last updated 25 March 2019
These Terms of Use (Terms) govern your use of the HF Trust Limited (Hft) website.  By using the website you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms. Hft may change the Terms at any time by putting amended Terms on the website. If you do not accept these Terms please do not use this website.
Copyright
The information and images contained on the website are the property of Hft and are protected by copyright laws.  All software used on this website is the property of Hft or our suppliers and is protected by copyright laws. The content of the website may not be distributed, modified, reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Hft.
Intellectual Property
Hft owns intellectual property rights in the website. This includes, without limitation, database rights, rights in designs, rights in know-how, patents and rights in inventions, whether registered or unregistered.
Information Gathering
You may not use any data gathering or data extraction tools, such as robots, on the Hft website without the prior written permission of Hft.
Disclaimers – Please read this section carefully
While Hft has taken care in preparing the contents of the website and except as set out below, Hft does not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of the website including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of anticipated revenues, loss of business opportunities, loss of goodwill, loss of data or damage to reputation. Nothing in these Terms shall operate to limit or exclude Hft’s liability for:
death or personal injury caused by Hft’s negligence
damage suffered by you as a result of any breach by Hft of the condition as to title under Part 1 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987
breach of the warranty as to quiet possession implied by Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or Section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 or
for fraud (including, but not limited to, fraudulent misrepresentation)
Hft does not guarantee that access to and use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free.
From time to time Hft may suspend or restrict access to the website in order to carry out repairs, maintenance or to introduce new facilities. Hft does not warrant that the information on the website is accurate or complete and is not responsible for checking that information is accurate or complete.
Mention of third party products, services, companies and websites on the website is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. Please note that all third party products must be ordered directly from the third party.
The website contains links to websites run by other organisations. While every effort is made to check the content and accuracy of the websites Hft links to, Hft takes no responsibility for information contained on websites maintained by other organisations or for action taken as a result of information contained on websites maintained by other organisations.
Virtual Smarthouse
By using the Virtual Smarthouse you are deemed to accept these terms and conditions and this disclaimer. The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is collated by Hft’s Personalised Technology team and, while we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
You acknowledge that:
The information provided on this website takes no account of your individual circumstances and you should therefore not rely on it in deciding which products would be most suitable for you. You should seek appropriate professional advice in relation to your needs.
Hft has not tested any of the equipment featured for safety or function and gives no warranties in relation to such equipment.
Hft has no responsibility for the continuing availability of any equipment featured, and the manufacturers and suppliers may withdraw or modify the equipment at any time.
Descriptions of products include information provided by the manufacturers and suppliers of the products, and has not been checked for accuracy by Hft.
Hft does not endorse any of the manufacturers, suppliers or the use of any of the products featured on this website.
If you find any inaccurate, misleading, out of date or unsuitable information on the site, let us know and where we agree we will correct it as soon as is practicable. If you would like us to include your product, please let us know and we will consider whether it is suitable. You can contact us at: personalisedtechnology@hft.org.uk
This website is provided free of charge on a not-for profit basis. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by law we exclude all liability to you for any loss or damage whatsoever including without limitation, direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website (whether arising in contract, tort, negligence, breach of statutory duty or otherwise).
Notwithstanding any other provision of these terms and conditions, Hft does not seek to limit or exclude its liability to any user for death or personal injury resulting from its own or its employees’ negligent act or omission or wilful misconduct or for fraudulent misrepresentation or in respect of any other liability which cannot be excluded by law. If you are not happy with the exclusions of our liability set out in this disclaimer, you should not use this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Hft. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation of any equipment available on such sites or endorse the views expressed within them.
We use our reasonable efforts to ensure that the website is available to users at all times. However, at times the site may be partially or completely unavailable due to technical faults or reasons beyond our control such as failures by third party service providers or a virus attack. We may also need to carry out maintenance. Hft takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable for any reason, and you acknowledge that as the providers of a free service, we can make no guarantees as to availability.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial of service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the site or your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it. While we will use our reasonable endeavours to ensure that material we post is virus free, we advise you to use your own virus checking software on any material you download from the internet.
These terms and conditions may be revised from time to time. If they are revised, we will post the revised version on the site. The revisions will be effective immediately. Please re-read these terms and conditions from time to time even if you have previously used this site. By using this site after we have changed the terms and conditions, you will be deemed to have accepted the change. If, for any reason, you do not agree to abide by our terms and conditions, please do not use this site. Hft may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the site at any time.
This disclaimer, and the other parts of our terms and conditions shall be interpreted in accordance with English law and all disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us and certain sections of the site may encrypt data using SSL or a comparable standard. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. As a result, whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.
You may access the Job Applicants section of the website if you have set up an account and registered a user name and password. You are responsible for keeping your account details and password safe. You must ensure that nobody else knows your username and password. If you think that somebody else knows your username and password you must tell us immediately so that we can change your account details. Please telephone the HR Department on 0117 906 1700 if you believe your account is no longer secure.
Hft reserves the right at any time to block your account and restrict your access to the Job Applicants section of the website. If your account is blocked please telephone the HR Department on 0117 906 1700 to request reactivation. Hft is under no obligation to reactivate your account.
Privacy
Please review the privacy policy for information on how Hft collects and uses your personal information.
Framing
You may not frame the website without Hft’s prior written permission.
Severance
If any provision in these Terms is declared void or unenforceable by any court or other body of competent jurisdiction, or is otherwise rendered so by any applicable law, such provision shall to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability be deemed severable and all other provisions of these Terms not affected by such invalidity or unenforceability shall remain in full force and effect.
Waiver
No delay or failure by Hft in enforcing any provision in these Terms shall be deemed to be a waiver or create a precedent or in any way prejudice Hft’s rights under these Terms.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms please contact us.