https://www.rwjbh.org/legal-disclaimer/
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Content Only
High Contrast
Screen Mask
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
Website Content
The information provided on this site is intended for your general knowledge
only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice or treatment
for specific medical conditions. You should not use this information to
diagnose or treat a health problem or disease without consulting with
a qualified healthcare provider. Please consult your healthcare provider
with any questions or concerns you may have regarding your condition.
External Links
Thank you for visiting the RWJBarnabas Health website. As a courtesy and
for the convenience of our users some pages of our website provide links
to other websites not managed or controlled by RWJBarnabas Health. RWJBarnabas
Health does not endorse nor does it control or take responsibility for
the content or information on any external website.
Website Linking Terms
You are hereby permitted to create hyperlinks to the content on the RWJBarnabas
Health website, provided that the hyperlink accurately describes the content
as it appears on the website. RWJBarnabas Health reserves the right to
revoke this license generally, or the right to use specific links, at
any time. Under no circumstances may the website or any of its content
be “framed” or portions of the website copied to a server.
Each page within the website must be displayed in full (including all
trademarks, branding, advertising and promotional materials), without
any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding, trademark, advertising
or promotional materials not originally displayed on the page within the
website. You shall not use RWJBarnabas Health’ name, content, logo
or trademark without the prior written consent of RWJBarnabas Health.
Linking with the RWJBarnabas Health website shall not be deemed an endorsement
or promotion in any way of you, your website, your products or services.
Physicians
Most physicians providing services at the RWJBarnabas Health facilities
are independent contractors or private attending physicians and not employed
by the facilities unless otherwise specified. It is recommended that you
always speak with your physician regarding their identity and their affiliation
with RWJBarnabas Health's facilities.
Social Media - Terms of Use
We encourage open discussions and look forward to any comments, stories
and experiences you want to share. However, this is a public website,
and you should therefore not share any personal medical information which
you wish to be held confidential. We look forward to your participation.
We can not respond to every comment, particularly those that deal with
individual medical cases and issues. The information provided on this
website is for informational purposes only and is not intended to take
the place of consultation with your physician.
RWJBarnabas Health does not give medical advice via its websites or social
medical sites and will not respond to patient-specific clinical questions
posted on this site. This site is not a substitute for medical advice,
diagnosis or treatment, nor is the information provided herein intended
to replace consultation with a qualified physician or other health care
provider. Use of this website shall not constitute establishment of a
physician/patient or clinical relationship with any individual, nor establishment
of or offer to enter into a business relationship with any institution
or organization. Any questions that you may have regarding the diagnosis,
care or treatment of a medical condition or any products described in
this web site should be directed to your physician.
If you are seeking specific medical advice, please contact your physician
or call 911 in the case of an emergency.
The opinions expressed on the RWJBarnabas Health social media sites represent
the thoughts of the Facebook or other social media communities and not
those of RWJBarnabas Health. The views expressed there do not in any way
reflect the views of the site they are posted on, other sites affiliated
with this site, the staff involved with the site, or any other members
of this site. Any reliance on any information provided on this site or
by individuals using this site is solely at your own risk. RWJBarnabas
Health is not liable for any adverse events which occur from use of this
site or as a result of any medical conditions you may have.
By posting any comments, posts or other material, you provide RWJBarnabas
Health the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display,
edit, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise use your submission
for any purpose in any form and on any media.
RWJBarnabas Health reserves the ultimate right to edit or delete any comments
deemed inappropriate for the blog and its readers including terminating
a user’s access to the blog feature upon any breach of the following
terms and conditions.
The following types of comments will be deleted or edited by moderators:
Abusive or hurtful comments about the blogger or another commenter.
Off-topic and redundant comments (this includes promotion of events, groups,
pages, websites, organizations, and programs not related to or affiliated
with RWJBarnabas Health).
Comments which use foul language or “hate speech” (racial,
ethnic or gender bashing language).
Material posted that is unlawful, obscene, threatening, harassing, abusive,
slanderous or embarrassing to any person or entity determined by RWJBarnabas
Health in its sole discretion.
Personal attacks or defamatory comments (i.e., making negative personal
comments about a fellow commenter), instead of just criticizing his/her
posting, opinion, or comments.
Comments that violate the privacy of our patients and their families.
Participants will not evaluate, endorse or recommend any particular health
care providers, medications or treatments.
Additionally, RWJBarnabas Health retains the right to edit or delete any
communications posted on this site, regardless of whether such communications
violate the above standards.
All links to other websites found linked from these blogs/ communities
are provided as a service to readers, but such linkage does not constitute
endorsement of those sites by RWJBarnabas Health, and as such we are not
responsible for the content of external websites.
By submitting content to our social media sites (wall posts, photos, links,
etc.), you understand that this information is publicly available and
agree to the terms of using this site. You agree that you are obligated
to review the terms of use of this site on a regular basis for any changes
and you agree to be bound by those changes by continuing to use this site.
RWJBarnabas Health has the right to amend these terms at any time without
notice to you by making changes to the terms as posted on this site. If
you do not wish to have your information published, please do not post
on this page.
You agree that you will indemnify RWJBarnabas Health against any damages,
losses, liabilities, judgments, costs or expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of a claim by a third party
relating to any material you have posted.
RWJBARNABAS HEALTH AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS
AND AFFILIATES DO NOT WARRANT THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE AND SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER. FURTHERMORE, RWJBARNABAS
HEALTH WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS, DEMANDS,
OR CAUSES OF ACTION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL
OR PUNITIVE, AS A RESULT OF SUCH PERSON’S USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR
ANY INFORMATION SUCH PERSON MAY OBTAIN FROM IT.
menu
Find A Doctor
(888) 724-7123
Not finding the treatment you're looking for?
Find A Location