http://www.cafamily.org.uk/terms/
We've updated our use of cookies. By continuing to use our site,
you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in
our privacy
policy.
Close
Close
Terms
Last updated: 24 May 2018
1. Definitions
2. Modifications
3. Introduction
4. Disclaimer
5. Privacy and data
protection
6. Payment
7. Cancellations
8. Returns
9. Refunds
10. Donations
11. Online community
12. Intellectual
property
13. Excluded loss
14. Non-excluded
liabilities
15. Entire agreement
1. Definitions
Access and use of our websites is provided by Contact.
References in these terms to 'we' or 'us' or 'our' refer to
Contact. The word 'community' refers to the Contact online
community.
2.
Modifications
Contact reserves the right to change these terms at any time.
Please check these terms on a regular basis for changes. Your
continued use of the site after changes are posted will mean you
accept the terms as modified by the posted changes.
3.
Introduction
This agreement is a legal document which sets out your rights
and obligations, and those of Contact, a company registered in
England under the name Contact a Family, registration no. 1633333
('Contact a Family', 'Contact' 'we' or 'us'), in relation to this
site and the services offered by Contact through it. You must take
the time to read and understand it.
By registering, you accept that you are entering into a contract
with us on the terms of this Agreement. Visitors to who do not
register to become a member similarly affirm that they are bound by
this agreement each time they access the website. You should be
aware that this agreement may change from time to time.
4. Disclaimer
Contact has tried to ensure that the contents of our websites
are accurate. However, Contact does not represent or warrant that
the information accessible via our websites is accurate, complete
or up to date. Price and availability of information is subject to
change without notice.
Our websites are made available for public use solely on the
basis that Contact excludes to the extent lawfully permitted all
liability whatsoever for any loss or damage arising out of use of
our websites or reliance upon their contents.
Contact is not a medical organisation, therefore we can only
provide general information that is not intended to be a substitute
for a proper medical assessment. If you have a specific question
about a condition, we recommend that you obtain further information
from your medical practitioner.
The information contained on our websites was correct at the
time of writing. However, due to research and medical advances, the
content may not be completely up to date.
5. Privacy and data
protection
At Contact we are committed to protecting your privacy. Read our full privacy
policy.
6. Payment
If you are asked for, and provide, details of a credit, debit or
charge card; in that event, you must ensure that (a) you are fully
entitled to use that card, and (b) it has available funds
sufficient to cover the charges which are deducted from it.
As part of the payment process, you will receive a verification
e-mail, the purpose of which is to take reasonable steps to ensure
that the e-mail address you have nominated during payment is
controlled by you.
7.
Cancellations
For goods, you may cancel your order at any time prior to
dispatch. For services under subscription, you may cancel your
order at any time prior to your use of the service. Any such
cancellations will entitle you to a full refund.
8. Returns
Our 30-day returns guarantee means that if for any reason you
are unhappy with your purchase, you can return it to us in its
original condition within 30 days of the date you received the
item, unopened (with any seals intact) and we will issue a full
refund for the price you paid for the item.
We can only accept the return of opened items if they are
damaged, defective or incorrect.
9. Refunds
If you are returning an item because of an error on our part or
because it is damaged or defective, we will be happy to refund the
delivery charges incurred in sending the item to you and we'll
reimburse your costs in returning it to us.
By law, customers located in the European Union also have the
right to withdraw from the purchase of an item within seven working
days of the day after the date the item is delivered. Again, we
will be happy to refund the delivery charges incurred in sending
the item to you and we'll reimburse your costs in returning it to
us.
Where you are withdrawing from your purchase between seven and
30 days after delivery, and there has been no error on our part, we
will refund only the cost of the item. We will not refund the cost
delivery.
You may receive a full refund if you cancel a subscription to,
or order of, a service, provided that you cancel the order within
seven working days of the commencement of the service/completion of
the order.
10. Donations
If you make a donation to Contact through the website the
information you supply about yourself will be kept securely on an
internal database for financial purposes. You can choose not to
receive any further information from us and your details will not
be passed on to any other person or organisation.
11. Online
community
If you use the online community you must comply with these terms
and conditions.
Although you must read these terms and conditions in full, the
most important points to remember are:
You must be 18 or over to use the community.
You must comply with our
community guidelines. If you don't your post may be edited or
deleted or you may be suspended or banned.
We will only pass on
your details without your consent if you or someone else is
at risk of serious harm.
Please don't use the community for advertising, research or
fundraising.
The site is moderated within working hours Monday to Friday. We
do not pre-approve posts and rely on community members to help flag
posts that breach the guidelines.
Membership to the online community
People who register for the community become 'members'. They
must be at least 18 years of age.
Members of this service may:
Post their details on the community
Receive emailed messages, which will be sent to the email
address you specified during registration or any subsequently
notified update
Opt to receive other notifications
Send messages and write posts to other community members
Registration
You undertake to register using accurate and current information
about yourself and your family.
Contact community role
Although we do our best to moderate the community, we are not
and cannot be responsible for the behaviour of members. You should
be aware that we do not pre-screen or monitor the material
contributed by members.
Operation of services
Contact reserves the right to withdraw or modify one or more
aspects of the community, or the entirety of it, where we have
legal or commercial reasons to do so. There may also be times when
the community becomes inaccessible as a result of technical
difficulties. We will, however, use reasonable skill and care to
overcome these difficulties where they are within our control. For
security or other reasons, we may require you to change password or
other information which facilitates access to the community.
Misuse of the community
Members must not post anything that is abusive, offensive,
discriminates against another family's ethnic background, culture,
religion, age, sex, sexuality, class, disability or political
beliefs.
We reserve the right:
To suspend or terminate any member's access to the community,
or parts of it, and/or
To edit, or require the member to edit, material posted on the
community, if the relevant member or material appears to us to be
in breach of any provision of this agreement or the community
guidelines
Any person whose access has been suspended or terminated must
not re-register for, or re-access, the community without our prior
consent. You are responsible for everything that is done on or
through the community while your membership account is logged on or
through your email addresses.
Relevance and prohibitions
The community is intended to be used by its members for the
purposes referred to in Clause 11.1 above. Members must not:
Place material on, or otherwise use, the community for any
business or commercial purpose
Use your access to the community or information gathered from
it, for the sending of unsolicited bulk email (sometimes known as
spam)
You are responsible for ensuring that no material you post, or
which is posted through a machine on which you access the
community, nor any activity or communication you make in connection
with any Contact service, will be capable of:
Infringing the intellectual property or other rights of any
person or entity
Breaching any applicable law, whether criminal, tortious or
otherwise
Appearing to be offensive, threatening, obscene, pornographic,
false, unreliable or misleading.
Alerting Contact
If you see anything on the community which appears to infringe
this agreement, then please contact us by emailing web.team@contact.org.uk
or contacting a moderator.
Withdrawal of material and termination of membership
Each member acknowledges that we are entitled to withdraw any
material on the community that appears to be capable of breaching
any part of this agreement, or to bring the community into
disrepute.
However, each user acknowledges that we do not pre approve
material which appears on the community and that we are reliant
upon you and all users to notify us of anything you see here which
appears likely to breach this agreement.
Online community disclaimer and release
We have no control over or responsibility for the truth or
accuracy of any material available on the community, whether
provided by members or others. If any third party sites are linked
to from the community, this does not mean that we endorse or have
any responsibility for the site in question or anything that
appears on it.
You should exercise no lesser degree of caution in appraising
what you see on the community than you do off-line.
Even though members are prohibited from doing so, people may
provide information, or otherwise behave, in a way that is
unreliable, misleading or even illegal. Further, you should note
that people may not necessarily be who they say they are.
Your use of the community is entirely at your own risk.
Accordingly, to the extent that the law permits, you release
Contact, its directors, contractors and employees from all
liability arising out of or in connection with the community and
the material included here by members and other third
parties.
Fees
This service is currently provided free of charge. However, we
may add new or ancillary services from time to time that require
the payment of fees - either to us or a nominated third party - on
terms that will be provided to you at the time.
Intellectual
property
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks, and other
intellectual property rights in and relating to the community
(including the material which is contributed by members) are owned
by Contact.
Noone may copy, distribute, show in public or create any
derivative work from the community, or any of the material which is
found on the community unless properly licensed to do so by us.
By submitting any material to the content to the community
you:
Are representing that you are fully entitled to do so
Grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-terminable licence
right to copy, modify, distribute, show in public and create
derivative works from that material in any form, anywhere
Authorise us to adapt the relevant material in the course of
doing so, and so waive your moral rights to object to any
derogatory treatment, or to be identified as the author, of the
material in question
14. Excluded
loss
We will not be liable to you or any third party for any indirect
or consequential loss or damage, or for any loss of data, profit,
revenue or business, howsoever caused (whether arising out of any
negligence or breach of this agreement or otherwise). Contact will
also not be liable for any failure to perform of its obligations
under this agreement caused by matters beyond its reasonable
control.
15. Non-excluded
liabilities
Nothing in this agreement limits Contact's liability for death
or personal injury resulting from our negligence, or any other
liability that may not by law be excluded. Any statutory rights you
may have as a consumer remain unaffected.
16. Entire
agreement
This agreement includes our site guidelines. Together they
contain the whole of the agreement between us and you concerning
the community and they replace all earlier agreements and
understandings with you, except for any fraud or fraudulent
representation by either of us. A person who is not a party to this
agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 1999 to rely upon or enforce any term of this
agreement.
Please make a durable copy of these terms by printing and/or
saving a downloaded copy on your own computer.
Advice about your child's education
Education & learning
Your right to financial support
Benefits & tax credits
Support for parent carer forums
Parent carer participation
Your options to put things right
Seeking legal advice
twitterfacebook