http://www.acpeds.org/privacy
Login
Dues
About Us
Meet our Board
Frequently Asked Questions
Resources
Our Positions
Topics
Patient Handouts
Parent Talk
For Policymakers
Find a Pediatrician
News
Blog
In the Media
Press Releases
Newsletter
Job Board
Contact Us
Donate
Become a Member
Member
Login
About
Resources
News
Contact
Dues
Donate
Become a Member
Privacy Policy ACPeds Policy. The Privacy (“Policy”) covers American College of Pediatricians (ACPeds) treatment of personal information or personally identifiable information (both “Personal Information”) that may be collected or submitted when the web-user (“you”) is using the ACPeds website or services.  As an essential part of the American College of Pediatricians (ACPeds) commitment to you, ACPeds maintains the privacy of certain confidential information about you. Please understand that whenever you voluntarily disclose your personal information online this information cannot be made one-percent secure and, in some cases, that information can be intercepted, collected, and used by others. However, ACPeds strives to protect your information at all times, and protect your personal information in several ways. Get further information read through ACPeds Terms of Use.How ACPeds Collect Your Personal Information. While using ACPeds website, you may submit personal information when registering as a member, editing your member profile, accessing social media content, emailing into any persons associated with ACPeds, or signing up to receive ACPeds publications directly to your inbox. Depending on the service or process, the personal information you may be asked to provide may include:NamePostal AddressEmail AddressTelephone NumberCredit or Debit Card InformationAgeLicensing InformationGender or other demographic informationPersonal information may also be collected, or your IP address could be logged, when you visit ACPeds website and social media. Your IP information allows ACPeds to understand how you use the ACPeds site and to enable ACPeds to make changes to the site in order to improve your experience and future services. Information regarding your computer, your connection to our website (such as your browser type, operating system, and platform) and your user history (including, but not limited to, your session information, page errors and the length  of your visits to specific pages within our website) may also be collected.ACPeds Use of Cookies. ACPeds uses cookies to remember certain user information. Cookies are electronic identifiers that are transmitted automatically to your computer through your web browser that allow our computers to save certain information you provide us and store information about you so we can recognize you when you visit our website in the future. This allows you to avoid logging in more than once, which saves time, and create a customized website that fits your needs. You may, at any time, disable or refuse to accept cookies by changing the preferences or settings on your web browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to use ACPeds website. However, you will not be able to fully take advantage of certain automation and other functionality features available.How We Use Your Personal Information. ACPeds may use the personal information you provide for purposes such as: carrying out a registration process made by you online; customizing the advertising and content you see; fulfilling your requests for membership; improving the content and overall look and feel of the ACPeds website and services, contacting you, and customizing the content that you see on the ACPeds website. ACPeds may also retain the details of purchases and other transactions or payments made with us, Cornerstone, or the partners affiliated with ACPeds.How Your Personal Information is Disclosed. It is ACPeds policy not to disclose, sell, or rent your personal information to any individual, business, government entity or outside parties except: (i) to provide products or services you’ve requested through us; (ii) in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (iii) when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal action; or (iv) where you request (in writing) ACPeds to do so. From time to time, ACPeds may use return email addresses to answer the email we receive from you. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose. Your personal information will not be collected for use that is in violation of the law, or unrelated to that discussed in this Policy, unless you are also provided an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses or disclosures.Setting Up User Accounts. ACPeds allows users to set up personal accounts to participate in ACPeds online communities. You have the  ability and the option to edit your information you provide at any time, and may request that your account be deleted. Unless ACPeds is required to respond to court orders, subpoenas, or comply with applicable law ACPeds will use its best efforts to ensure that unauthorized third parties do not access your user account information. Correcting Your Personally Identifiable Information. You are responsible for ensuring that all personal information provided on the website is accurate and updated regularly. An ACPeds agent may contact you to correct any errors in your information. Website Statistics and Shared Data. ACPeds collect information and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements, and gather broad demographic information for reporting and sponsorship purposes.From time to time, we may use this information to better design ACPeds websites and to share with select advertising partners, sponsors, and/or affiliates however IP addresses are not linked to personal information.Children’s Privacy. Protecting the privacy of children is especially important to ACPeds. For that reason, we do not collect information provided by users under the age of 13, nor do we solicit information from users under the age of 13.Scope of this Policy; Third Party Websites. Although this policy applies to all the information obtained by you for the purpose of accessing or using content controlled and owned by ACPeds, it does not apply to businesses or entities that are not owned or controlled by ACPeds.This website contains information and links to other third party websites. Please be aware that ACPeds does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these third party sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our site and to take reasonable precautions when sharing your personally identifiable information on third party websites.Opt-In Policy. You may “opt in” to receive ACPeds newsletters, promotional offers, and other useful information from us. To unsubscribe from ACPeds mailings (except information system and content update information), you may log in to your account and edit your personal profile, and you may also email ACPeds and request edits be made.Encryption. All user account pages are protected with Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption. All user accounts must be accessed with usernames and passwords. You are advised not to share your personal information, username, and password with any other person. Amendments. ACPeds reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. ACPeds will contact registered users by e-mail, and shall also post a notice of changes on its website, when and if the terms of this policy are amended. Contact. Please contact ACPeds if you have any questions about the above Privacy Policy Notice.UPDATED: 3.20.2020