http://www.abog.org/privacy-policy
Jump to content
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION When you engage in certain activities on this Site, such as downloading software or Materials, ABOG, or other sites which are linked to this site, may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form.It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you would like to engage in these activities ABOG may require you to provide it personal information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and possibly other personal identifying information. When you submit such personal information to ABOG you understand and agree that ABOG and its agents may transfer, store and process your personal information in its files. Likewise, such other third parties linked to this Site may do the same.With regard to ABOG's use of such information, if you do not want the information you provide to ABOG to be used to inform you of other services, materials, or documents that may be offered or available from ABOG and you indicate this preference when you provide the information to ABOG, ABOG will honor your preference.ABOG makes no representation whatsoever about any third party's use of any personal information that you may furnish to any such third party and, you will be required to deal with such third party's online privacy policy, if, and to the extent, that any such third party has such a policy.  USE OF COOKIESWhen you visit the ABOG Site, we may use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, recording your passwords and preferences.Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages. You need to be aware of the use of cookies and make a decision available to you on that basis.