https://www.esoprs.eu/about-esoprs/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHomeAbout ESOPRSPrivacy PolicyESOPRS privacy policyLast updated September 2018 Introduction1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and society members.1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data. How we use your personal data2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out:(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and(c) the legal bases of the processing.2.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.2.3 We may process your account data (“account data”). The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and service.2.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data”). The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and service.2.5 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data”). The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and service.2.6 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data”). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and service.2.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding services (“enquiry data”). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.2.8 We may process information relating to our user relationships, including user contact information (“user relationship data”). The user relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with users, communicating with users, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to users. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our user relationships.2.9 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data”). The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and service.2.10 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a membership agreement between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a membership agreement.2.11 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and society and communications with users.2.12 We may process “forum data” and “abstract/free-paper/ePoster data”.  This data may be processed for annual meeting content and forum discussions. Forum data is only accessible to ESOPRS members, and ePoster archives are only available to meeting delegates. The information in this data may contain patient case data, and full patient consent must be obtained prior to publishing on the esoprs.eu website. The legal basis for this processing is consent.2.13 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.2.14 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.2.15 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so. Providing your personal data to others3.1 We may disclose personal data to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for contract purposes.3.2 Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services provider, PayPal. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full3.3 We may disclose your name and hospital to conference sponsors and exhibitors for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.3.4 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. Retaining and deleting personal data4.1 This Section 4 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.4.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.4.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:(a) usage data, account data, profile data, service data, enquiry data, customer relationship data, notification data and correspondence data   will be retained for a minimum period of 1 year following capture, and for a maximum period of 7 years following inactivity ; and(b) transaction data will be retained for a minimum period of 1 year following capture, and for a maximum period of 7 years following capture.4.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 4, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. Amendments5.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.5.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. Your rights6.1 In this Section 6, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.6.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:(a) the right to access;(b) the right to rectification;(c) the right to erasure;(d) the right to restrict processing;(e) the right to object to processing;(f) the right to data portability;(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h) the right to withdraw consent.6.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by visiting https://www.esoprs.eu/members/profile when logged into our website.6.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.6.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. You can read more on this on your profile page https://www.esoprs.eu/members/profile6.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.6.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.6.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for society communication purposes. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.6.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.6.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:(a) consent; or(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of the society to which you are a member or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into membership,and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.6.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement or European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS).6.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.6.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us. About cookies7.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.7.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.7.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. Cookies that we use8.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;(b) status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;(c) personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you;(d) security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally; and(e) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services. Cookies used by our service providers9.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.9.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Managing cookies10.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).10.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.10.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website. Our details11.1 This website is owned and operated by ESOPRS11.2 You can contact us:(a) using our website contact page https://www.esoprs.eu/contact/ or the members “Helpdesk” https://www.esoprs.eu/members/helpdesk(b) by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time or via webmaster@esoprs.eu(c) by post, The ESOPRS Treasurer, 62 Wimpole Street, London, W1G 8AJGDPR12.1 Users can view where and how their data is stored on the website via the “GDPR Updates” page – https://www.esoprs.eu/about-esoprs/gdpr-updates/  Search for:
Recent News ESOPRS and SASOPS partner societies ESOPRS and AIMO partner societies New ESOPRS Members 2020 ESOPRS AGM 2020 Obituary Prof. Dr. Holger BusseUpcoming EventsDue to the recent COVID-19 pandemic, we can no longer confirm that scheduled events will be happening. Jan 21 2021
Australasian Academy of Facial Plastic Surgery (click title for more info)After the success of our Blepharoplasty and Rhinoplasty meetings, we are proud to announce another outstanding Blepharoplasty conference scheduled for 21 – 23 January, 2021.From around the world, the best of blepharoplasty and facial rejuvenation experts will come together to compare notes on the latest techniques and challenges so we can maintain professional currency, and evolve the art of facial aesthetic surgery as a whole.Download the PDFRead More Apr 14 2021
Conrad Hotel, Seoul, Korea
4th International Orbital Society Symposium in conjunction with the 17th Samsung Oculoplastic Symposium (click title for more info)IOSS 2021Venue: Conrad Hotel City, Country: Seoul, Korea Website: https://www.orbitsymposium2020.org/ Important Dates 1) Deadline for Abstract Submission: Feb 19, 2021 2) Deadline for Early Registration: Mar 15, 2021We are planning to host the 4th International Orbital Society Symposium 2021 (IOSS 2021) in conjunction with the 17th Samsung Oculoplastic Symposium from April 14 to 15, 2021 at the Conrad Hotel, Seoul, Korea.Due to the situation COVID-19 had presented us today, we postponed the symposium from the initial date of May 8-9 to Sep 1-2, 2020, and again to April 14-15, 2021.As an open meeting of the Orbital Society and the first international conference on orbital diseases to be held in Asia, we are looking forward to outstanding and impactful presentations and in-depth discussions. Our program features world-renowned speakers with a wide array of experiences and expertise in clinical topics and research of orbital diseases.We warmly invite you to join us in this global symposium on orbital diseases. You will find this symposium to be an enjoyable opportunity to share your experiences and learn the newest developments and advances in the research.Read More May 07 2021
Barcelona, Spain
Barcelona Oculoplastics (click title for more info)Barcelona Oculoplastics (BOC), to be held at the Instituto de Microcirugía Ocular (IMO), Barcelona, on May 7 and 8, 2021.BOC 2021 will broadcast live oculoplastics surgeries, workshops on aesthetics and rejuvenation, as well as a 3D endoscopy session.The meeting will also feature the participation of eminent international speakers, who will also present advances and techniques through lectures, clinical cases and panel discussions.Information is available at the event’s website www.barcelonaoculoplastics.comWe hope you will find Barcelona Oculoplastics interesting. BOC 2021 Read More Aug 04 2021
Oxford, UK
BOPSS 2021 Annual Meeting (click title for more info)BOPSS 2021, Oxford Wednesday 4th – Friday 6th August 2021 Venue:  Keble College Oxford, UKThe organising committee is delighted to welcome you to Oxford for BOPSS 2021 annual scientific meeting. The meeting will be held from 4th – 6th August 2021 at Keble College, Oxford, situated in the city centre.We are also delighted to welcome our two invited keynote speakers:Dr David Jordan, Ottawa, Canada.Dr Dinesh Selva, Adelaide, Australia.We hope you can join us for what we expect will be a very educational and sociable few days.Jonathan Norris, Tristan McMullan, Manoj ParulekarRead More Sep 16 2021
Naples, Italy
2021, 39th ESOPRS Annual Meeting in Naples, Italy (click title for more info)2021, 39th ESOPRS Annual Meeting in Naples, Italy.The Meeting in Naples will now be scheduled for 16-18 September, 2021.Local organizers: Diego Strianese, Adriana Iuliano, Fausto Tranfa, Giovanni Uccello.Venue: Stazione Marittima.PCO: Sistema Congressi S.R.L.2020.esoprs.euRead MoreESOPRS News
ESOPRS Webinars: Challenging Clinical Cases July 3, 2020
ESOPRS and SASOPS partner societies December 3, 2020
ESOPRS and AIMO partner societies November 30, 2020
New ESOPRS Members 2020 November 2, 2020 ESOPRS AGM 2020 October 14, 2020
Obituary Prof. Dr. Holger Busse September 15, 2020Annual MeetingThe Meeting in Naples will now be scheduled for 16-18 September, 2021.LoginLogin Password
Signup Here Lost Password
Privacy policy - Imprint - GDPR© Copyright 2020. ESOPRS All Rights Reserved.EUROPEAN SOCIETY OF OPHTHALMIC PLASTIC AND RECONSTRUCTIVE SURGERY .Created and managed by MediSites Welcome
to the ESOPRS website, Username/Email
Help pagesThe Meeting in Naples will now be scheduled for 16-18 September, 2021. more info hereHomeAbout ESOPRS About ESOPRSThe SocietyRegulationsCommitteeMembershipAnnual MeetingsLecturersOrbit JournalJunior AwardGrantsUpcoming EventsNews & Events Latest ESOPRS NewsESOPRS 2020 MeetingESOPRS 2020 Winter MeetingUpcoming EventsEuropean Oculoplastic & Orbital FellowshipsNews ArchivesFind MembersFor Patients Medical TerminologiesInformationFor Members ESOPRS 2020 is now 2021 MeetingCase Discussion ForumUser DashboardAdd fellowshipPatient consent formsPartners & LinksContactLog In