http://www.anzsnm.org.au/_legal/privacy
RENEW YOUR MEMBERSHIP FOR 2021 HERE
1300 330 402
Events
News
Join
member login
The one society for all nuclear medicine professionals
Home
About
About Us
Branches
Structure
ACT
NSW
QLD
SA
VIC/TAS
WA
NZ
Careers in NM
Constitution
Council
Society President
Society's President
Past Presidents
Society Women at Work 1969 - 2019
Special Interest Groups
Nursing
Physics
Radiopharmaceuticals
Scientific Advisory Panel (SAP)
Technologists
Membership
Join Now
Membership Benefits
Attendo Plus
Awards & Grants
AANMS Registrar Research Award
ANSTO/ANZSNM Research Grant
Curium Award
GMS Poster Award
Lowenthal Lecture
Nuclear Medicine Undergraduate Student Award
Pioneer Lecture
RADPHARM Award
Shimadzu Award
Members Centre
Renew/Update your Membership Details
My CPD Record
AGM Reports
Gallery
Members Forum
Gamma Gazette
Latest Gamma Gazette
Past Gamma Gazettes
Table of Contents
Content Submission and Guidelines
EduTrace
Resources
ARTnet
Corporate Sponsors
International Relations Committee
Overseas Qualifications
Publications
Quality and Technical Standards Committee
Quality and Technical Standards Committee
QATSC Resources (Members Only)
Society Archive
Archive Welcome
Branch Reports
Committee Reports
Conferences and Awards
Members and Honours
Obituaries
Papers and Publications
Presidents (including reports)
Past Rules and Guidelines
Photos
Vacancies
News & Events
2021 Annual Scientific Meeting
Calendar of Events
Latest News
Newsletters
COVID-19 Industry News
COVID-19 Resource Page
Contact
The Australan and New Zealand Nuclear Medicine Society is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
The Australan and New Zealand Nuclear Medicine Society has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for The Australan and New Zealand Nuclear Medicine Society.
The Australan and New Zealand Nuclear Medicine Society does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., forums), suggestions and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings and/or any third parties.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, we reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
We do reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.
Upon request, we will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time.
Additionally upon request, we will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Access to the database containing personal information is restricted to The Australan and New Zealand Nuclear Medicine Society staff members with direct responsibility for customer service or management of the website. Authorised staff members are not allowed to pass on information about members to non-authorised staff without the express permission of the General Manager.
The Australan and New Zealand Nuclear Medicine Society reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
1. You can send email to the Secretariat
2. You can call the following telephone number: 1300 330 402.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact the Secretariat.