http://www.epda.eu.com/terms-of-use-accessibility-and-privacy/privacy-policy/
We use cookies to store user preferences and to anonymously track visitors for analytics.  Some cookies are essential and can't be turned off.  If you would like to allow all cookies please click Accept otherwise click Decline to disable all but essential cookies.  For more information please view our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Decline
Home
Terms of Use, Accessibility and Privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Read the EPDA website Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy and Cookies
The European Parkinson’s Disease Association (“EPDA”, “we, “our” or “us”) are committed to respecting and keeping safe any personal data you share with us, or any that we receive from other organisations. We aim to be clear when we collect your data and not use it in a way that you wouldn’t expect. In particular, we want you to know that we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
Developing a better understanding of our supporters through their personal data allows us to make better decisions and ultimately, helps us to reach our vision of ensuring all people with Parkinson’s in Europe live a full life while supporting the search for a cure. In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided detailed information about when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this page. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please let us know by post – The European Parkinson’s Disease Association. 1 Cobden Road, Sevenoaks, Kent TN13 3UB, or email info@epda.eu.com.
How we collect your information
When you engage or give to us directly
You may give us your information in order to sign up for one of our events, make a donation, fundraise for us (for example, via The Parky Challenge), sign up to our communications via any of our websites, contact us directly, complete a survey, complete a membership form or subscribe to a mailing list. We collect this data only when you have given us your explicit consent. We are responsible for your data at all times.
When you give to us indirectly
Your information may be shared with us by independent event organisers or fundraising sites like Better Now or Virgin Money Giving. These independent third parties will only do so when you have indicated that you wish to support the European Parkinson’s Disease Association and with your consent. You should check their Privacy Policies when you provide your information to understand fully how they will process your data.
Through third-party organisations
You may have provided consent to a company or other organisation to share your data with third parties, including charities.
Social media
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter or LinkedIn, you might give us your consent to access information from those accounts or services once you choose to follow an EPDA account.
Information available publicly
This may include information found in places such as Companies House, the Charity Commission and information that has been published in articles/newspapers.
When you use our websites
Like most websites, we use “cookies” to help us make our site – and the way you use it – better. Cookies mean that a website will remember you. They are small text files that sites transfer to your computer (or phone or tablet). They make interacting with a website faster and easier – for example by automatically filling your name and address in text fields. There are more details about this in our Cookie Policy below.
The information we collect
Personal data
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify you. For example, it can include information such as your name, date of birth, email address, postal address, telephone number and credit/debit card details, as well as information relating to your health or personal circumstances. We use this data to provide you with the services, products or information you asked for. We will hold this information until you request that we update or delete it.
Special category data
Data protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are more sensitive. This is known as special categories, and covers the processing of personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation shall be prohibited. We would only collect sensitive personal information where there is a clear need to do so such as participation in a challenge event, to ascertain what services are relevant to you or to cater other support to you. Before collecting any sensitive personal information from you we will always make it clear to you what sensitive personal data we are collecting and why. We will also ask for your consent to store and retain this data.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text stored as a file on the computer's hard drive. They are used by your browser and by most websites to help personalise or improve your web experience. They are not computer programmes, and they cannot be executed as code. They cannot be used to disseminate viruses or access the hard drives - a cookie cannot read other information saved on the hard drive, or get a user's personal data. They only contain and transfer to the web server as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to a certain website. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by the EPDA’s websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. Please be aware that restricting cookies may affect some of the functionality of the EPDA site, although the majority of the site will still be accessible to you.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. You can find more information about deleting and controlling cookies from the AboutCookies.org website.
The EPDA will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, in order to provide services to you within the EPDA intranet or extranet, it is necessary to gather information that will enable the site to personalise, improve and to operate such services. In connection with certain aspects of these services, we may request, collect and/or display some of your personal Information. This will only be collected with your explicit consent.
Google Analytics
The EPDA uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of the Site and compile reports for us on activity to help us understand how visitors engage with the site and track visitor interactions. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and without identifying individual visitors. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the US. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By accessing EPDA’s websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Google Analytics uses its own cookie to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. To disable this type of cookie, some browsers will indicate when a cookie is being sent and allow you to decline cookies on a case-by-case basis. In addition to declining cookies, you can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on in your browser, which prevents Google Analytics from collecting information about your website visits.
Learn more about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on and other Google Analytics privacy information. Learn more about how Google Analytics uses cookies.
Mailing lists
As part of the registration process for our ad-hoc EPDA-related e-newsletters, we collect personal information. We use that information to tell you about information you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don't share this data with any other organisations or businesses. We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter, and a private database Insightly to store data. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletters. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice and Insightly’s privacy statement. You can unsubscribe to our mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us directly at info@epda.eu.com. We will hold this information until you request that we update or delete it.
EPDA surveys
The EPDA will occasionally carry out research surveys with the aim of collecting Parkinson’s-related quality of life information to help us in our aims and objectives – to improve the lives of people with Parkinson's, their families and carers. We will never ask for personal information that can be used to identify you. We may sometimes ask for an email address and name solely for the purpose of facilitating you to access the survey. This information will not be sold, given away or used for any other purpose other than facilitating your access to the survey. The EPDA may sometimes link to surveys being carried out by third parties. We do not have control over whether these survey sites will collect or use personal information.
EPDA sharing tools
The EPDA uses a number of social media tools in the form of ‘share’ buttons to enable users of the site to easily share articles with their friends through a number of popular social networks. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded or social media buttons and content, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. These websites are not controlled by the EPDA. By using these links, you accept the privacy policies of these websites.These sites may set a cookie when you are also logged in to their service. Data may then be collected by these companies that enables them to display adverts on other sites that they think are relevant to your interests. If you do not use such platforms then our Site will not place these cookies on your device.
YouTube cookies
We sometimes embed video content from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Learn more about embedding videos from YouTube. Learn more about YouTube's Privacy Policy.
Bitly
The EPDA will often post links to the EPDA and external websites through its Facebook and Twitter profiles. These posts will sometimes use the Bitly utility to create shortened uniform resource locators ("URLs" or web addresses). Bitly collects information about accesses (such as clicks) of every shortened URL created through the Services. This information includes, but is not limited to: (i) the IP address and physical location of the devices accessing the shortened URL; (ii) the referring websites or services; (iii) the time and date of each access; and (iv) information about sharing of the shortened URL on Third Party Services such as Twitter and Facebook. These metrics and analytics are used by Bitly and its partners to improve their websites and services by, for example, providing value-added features.
Learn more about how Bitly uses cookies.
How we keep your data safe
We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details. For example, our online website forms are always encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored. We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by the appropriate EPDA team member(s).
We may occasionally use external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf. On these occasions, we will undertake comprehensive checks on these companies before we work with them, and put a contract in place that sets out our expectations and requirements, especially regarding how they manage the personal data they have collected or have access to.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Although they may not be subject to the same data protection laws as companies based in the UK, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA. We will only ever share your data in other circumstances if we have your explicit and informed consent.
Keeping your information up to date
Where possible we use publicly available sources to keep your records up to date; but we would be grateful if you let us know if/when your contact details change.
Your rights concerning your information
You have a right to ask us to stop processing and/or erase your personal data entirely from our records. And if holding your personal data is not necessary for the purpose you provided it to us for (e.g. processing your donation or registering you for an event) we will do so.
You also have a right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you, and we will endeavour to provide you with information within 10 working days from your request. If there are any discrepancies in the information we provide, please let us know and we will correct them.
If you want to access your information or request that we erase your personal data entirely, please contact info@epda.eu.com, and we will work with you to verify your identity before providing the information you have requested and/or erasing your personal data from our records.
If you have any questions at all about how we hold your data, or if you wish to make a complaint, please contact info@epda.eu.com. You can also access further information from the Information Commissioner’s Office here.
Additional cookie notes
Google Analytics cookies
Name
Expires
Purpose
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is deleted when browser is closed.
The ASP.NET Session ID is a unique session identifier that is automatically created when a session starts for a given visitor. It is a randomly generated number and contains no personal information.
_utma
2 years
Google Analytics randomly generated number
_utmb
29 minutes
We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
_utmc
This cookie is deleted when browser is closed.
Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither CIVIC or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
_utmz
6 months
These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
Cookie name
Expiration time
Description
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users.
_gat
10 minutes
A system cookie for Google Analytics
__utma
2 years from set/update
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmz
6 months from set/update
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Other cookies
Name
Source
Expires
Description
__atuvc & __atuvs
Addthis (social sharing)
2 years
AddThis: The __atuvc cookie is created and read by the AddThis social sharing site JavaScript on the client side in order to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis and removing it when disabling cookies would cause unexpected behaviour for users. More information can be found at www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy.
UMB_UCONTEXT & UMB_UPDCHK
epda.eu.com
1 day and 7 days respectively
These cookies are only for users logged into the site administration area.
XSRF-TOKEN & XSRF-V
epda.eu.com
This cookie is deleted when browser is closed
These cookies are set from the administration login area as a security measure.
About Parkinson’s
Read about Parkinson's FAQs
Read about What is Parkinson’s?
Read about Diagnosis
Read about Causes
Read about Types
Read about Symptoms
Read about Treatments
Read about Later in life
Read about Glossary
Read about Disclaimer
Living well
Read about Wellbeing
Read about Therapies
Read about Caring and Parkinson's
Read about Assessment tools
Read about Getting the most out of your healthcare
About us
Read about Who we are
Read about Our strategic goals
Read about Our people
Read about Our partners
Read about Governance
Read about Expert review panel
Read about Contact us
Our members
Read about Member organisations
Read about How to join
Read about Member benefits
Read about Other Parkinson's organisations
Get involved
Read about Advocacy
Read about Caring and Parkinson's
Read about Clinical trials
Read about Data collection
Read about Donate
Read about European projects
Read about Information for healthcare professionals
Read about My PD Journey
Read about The Parkinson's Disease Composite Scale
Read about Parkinson's Life
Read about The Parky Challenge
Read about #UniteForParkinsons
Read about Work with us
Latest
Read about COVID-19 (coronavirus)
Read about Resources
Read about News
Read about EPDA Toolkits
Read about Research
European Parkinson's Disease Association (EPDA)
Kings Lodge, London Road
West Kingsdown
Sevenoaks
Kent TN15 6AR
United Kingdom
info@epda.eu.com
Click to Donate
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Linkedin
Pinterest
Copyright © 2020 EPDA. All Rights Reserved
Terms of use
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Back to top