http://www.amcal.co.nz/privacy-policy
HOME
Pharmacy Locator
Pharmacy Services
Careers
Catalogue
Rewards
Contact
Customer Privacy Policy
Introduction
Green Cross Health Limited ("Green Cross Health") respects the privacy of its clients, customers, staff, suppliers, and patients.
This Customer Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how we (Green Cross Health, our affiliates and related companies and other companies in which we have an ownership interest (together, "Green Cross Health Ltd")) collect and use your personal information for customer marketing purposes.This policy is closely linked to the overarching Green Cross Health Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Customer Privacy Policy, Green Cross Health includes any Unichem, Life Pharmacy, medical centres operating under "The Doctors" banner, Total Care Health Services Limited and Access Community Home health Health Limited, and any of their affiliates.
For the purposes of applicable privacy legislation, the "Data Controller" in respect of your personal information is Green Cross Health Limited.
Personal information is any piece of information that relates to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly. Given the nature of Green Cross Health's business, this may include a person's health information.
You authorise members of Green Cross Health to collect, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy and also to the extent not prohibited by applicable legislation. We will manage your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We will collect the personal information you provide us directly, and we may also collect personal information online from your computer, mobile or other device via our digital media platforms (including websites and apps). We may collect your personal information from a range of third parties and share your personal information (where we determine appropriate) with associated authorised third parties, including marketing, data storage and security service providers. We may also share your personal information within the wider Green Cross Health group for permitted purposes, including marketing and administration. We may also disclose your personal information to customs and immigration, governmental and law enforcement agencies. The sharing of your personal information will be subject to all applicable legislation, including the Privacy Act 1993 and the Health Information Privacy Code 1994.
If you are a Living Rewards member, or hold any customer account associated with us, we may also collect from and share your personal information with a range of third parties including our Living Rewards partners and our other third party business partners. We will deal with your personal information for a broad range of service provision and digital marketing purposes, including to facilitate the services you have requested, to better understand your preferences, and to generally conduct and develop our business.
If you choose not to provide us with the personal information that we request or require, then we may not be able to offer our services and products to you.
Where we collect personal information from you, we will store it in our secure data storage facilities in New Zealand.
Each time you utilise our services you will be confirming that the information supplied to us is current.
You are entitled to request access or correction to the personal information we hold about you. If you would like to request access or correction to your personal information that we hold, or if you have any questions or concerns in relation to your privacy, please contact us.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Online information
If you visit or use any Green Cross Health
owned website, mobile application or mobile website, we and third parties
may use cookies or other digital
marketing
technologies (such as tracking or analysis systems)
to collect personal information about you from your computer, mobile or
device. This information may include your
contact
details,
domain name and IP address, and information about
your online activity on our websites, such as web pages viewed, paths you
used through our websites, options you selected, purchases,
and any search terms you used.
Health and other personal information
We collect and use the
personal information that you provide to Green Cross Health pharmacies
(operating under the Unichem and Life Pharmacy banners), medical centres
(operating under the Radius Medical and The Doctors banners) and community
care services (operating under the Access
Community Health and Total Care Health
Services banners) and the information that these
affiliated businesses
share with
us relating to you (for example, your contact details and services used or
procured by you). The personal information we may collect about you
includes your name, address, date of birth, phone numbers, email address,
and any other personal information you may volunteer (or which may be
volunteered on your behalf) as part of your engagement with Green Cross
Health members and/or persons employed by them.
Information we receive from other sources (including social media)
If
you are a client, customer or patient of a member of
the Green
Cross Health, a Living Rewards member or if you hold any
customer account
associated with us, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect personal
information about you, either from you directly or from
third parties if the information is publicly or
commercially available
(such as via social media platforms).
Such personal information will
supplement our customer databases and will be
used
by us for marketing and business development purposes in accordance with this
Policy.
Health information
We may request and collect
(from you, or if the context so requires,
your representative) your 'health information' (as defined in the Health Information Privacy
Code 1994).
Such information includes particulars about your
health requirements, your medical and treatment history, disabilities or
accidents/injuries, contact with any
health or disability service providers and information about donations of
blood or organs, for the purpose of helping us provide services to you and
to fulfil your needs.
We may disclose your health information to our agents and third
parties (such as medical service providers or laboratory testing facilities)
for the purpose of fulfilling your needs to the extent permitted, or as
required, by law. Whenever you provide us with
health
information, you consent to the relevant member of Green
Cross Health
using
your
health information in accordance with this Policy.
If you advise us that you do not want your health information disclosed to other
entities within Green Cross Health (other than the Data Controller) then we
will endeavour to fulfil your request to the full extent possible.
Serious Medical and other occasions requiring collection or disclosure to third parties
We may collect and disclose your personal information (including sensitive details
about your physical and/or mental health) to third party medical, safety
and/or security personnel if we believe that the collection or disclosure
of the information is desirable to lessen or prevent a serious threat to
any individual's life, health or
safety or a serious threat to public health or public safety.
Living Rewards
If you are a Living Rewards
member, we collect
and use personal information
about you. This includes the information you provide in your membership
application, or in connection with your
membership generally. We
may collect personal information about you from third parties, including
our business partners, to assist in identifying suitable offers and
promotions that you may be interested in.
Marketing Promotions and surveys
If you enter a Green Cross
Health competition or promotion, we will collect the
personal
information you provide as part of your entry. If you provide us with the
names and contact details of any other people that you would like to have
participate in our contests or promotions, we will also collect this
information, and we draw your attention to section 5 below.
If you complete a survey conducted by or on behalf
of a member of Green Cross Health, we will collect information about you in
your survey answers, including your name, unless you choose to answer
anonymously.
OUR PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect, hold, use
and disclose your personal information for various purposes associated with service provision and digital marketing, including:
to assist in providing the services you request or require;
to conduct market, product or sales research, data processing and statistical analysis, and business
improvement analysis;
to better understand your
preferences so that we can improve our products and services to you;
to present you with
information about suitable offers and promotions of goods and services
(from us and our selected business partners) that might interest you;
to present you with survey
requests and to obtain feedback in respect of our products and services;
to measure interest in and
improve our products, services and websites;
to administer the Living
Rewards programme;
otherwise to conduct and
develop our business; and
any other use that you
authorise.
If deemed necessary, a
unique identifier may be allocated to you in order for us to carry out one
or more of our business functions.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
Unless you ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes, you acknowledge and agree that by providing us with your email address and/or phone number we and our third party business partners may send you electronic messages for the purposes set out in this Policy.
You have the right to ask us
not to
collect, use or disclose your personal information
for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to ask us not to
process your personal information for marketing purposes at any time by
contacting us or by unsubscribing to our marketing emails.
WHO DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO?
We may disclose your
personal information:
to members of Green Cross
Health (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to employees of a member
of Green Cross Health who are involved with the provision of services to
you, or the administration and
monitoring of the quality of services provided to you);
to authorised third
party service providers to facilitate your specific requests or to assist
us in providing products or services to you or improving our products or
services;
to governmental agencies, law enforcement
agencies, safety and security personnel, if required to do so by law,
court order,
or other legal process
or where we are requested to do so by an authorised
governmental or law enforcement authority;
to governmental, security, safety, law
enforcement agencies and medical agencies if we believe in good faith
that disclosure is desirable to lessen or prevent a serious threat to an individual's
life, health or safety or a serious threat to public health or public
safety;
to our professional
advisers and business partners who support us in providing our products
and services;
our assignees or potential
assignees;
your nominated next of kin
and/or general practitioner (if applicable to the services being provided
to you); and
emergency services (if
applicable to the services being provided to you).
We may also disclose your
personal information to third parties:
in the event that we buy or
sell any business assets, in which case we may disclose your personal
information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business assets;
if Green Cross Health (or
any of its subsidiaries) or substantially all of its assets are acquired
by a third party, in which case personal information held about its
customers will be one of those transferred assets; and
if we are under a duty to
disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any
legal obligation (to the extent not specified above) or in order to
enforce or apply our terms and conditions.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS REGARDING THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US ABOUT OTHERS
If you provide us with
personal information about another person then you are responsible for
ensuring you have authority to do so and that the person consents to our
collection and use of their personal information as set out
in this Policy. You must make
that person aware that you have disclosed their personal information to us
and that we will use their personal information in accordance with this
Policy.
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you choose not to provide
us with the personal information that we request
or require,
then we may not be able to offer or continue
our services and products to you.
If you do not provide us
with the information we request
or require,
we may not be able to accept
your
membership application for Living Rewards membership, or continue
your membership,
or your entry into a promotion. We may not
be able to provide you with Living Rewards member benefits.
If you choose to limit the
amount of personal information that can be collected
by us
from your computer, mobile or other device, you can do this by restricting
cookies on your computer or device. However, this may significantly reduce
the functionality of our websites and we may not be able to process your
online requests
or services.
ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Under the Privacy Act
1993,
you
are entitled to request access or correction to
the personal information held by us. You may request access to the
personal information that we hold about you by contacting us.
We will respond
to any such requests
as required by
law.
Where applicable, we may charge a fee
for responding to a request for access to and/or disclosure of personal
information.
CONTACTING US
If you would like to contact
us about anything in this Policy, including requests for access or correction to your personal information, inquiries, complaints, or questions about our handling of your personal information, please contact
us as set out below.
If you are making a complaint, you may also contact the Officer of the Privacy Commissioner (www.privacy.org.nz). Freephone
(calling within New Zealand): 0800 803 909.
Contact details:
The Privacy Officer
Email: privacy@greencrosshealth.co.nz
Tel: +64 (0) 9 571 9080
Green Cross Health Limited
Private Bag 11906
Ellerslie
Auckland 1542
New Zealand
SECURITY
We will take reasonable
precautions to keep your personal information secure. However, you
acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the security of
any online accounts you have with us and the security of your
computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device. You acknowledge that the internet is inherently insecure. In sharing your personal information with us,
you accept the risk that any information stored or transmitted on the internet or through email or any other digital channel may
be intercepted or subject to unauthorised access or fraudulent behaviour by any other party.
We will retain your personal
information for as long as is necessary to carry out the purpose for which
the information was collected, subject to the Health (Retention of Health
Information) Regulations 1996.
To protect your own privacy,
you should not share your Living Rewards membership number, any account
password information or personal identification numbers (PINs), mobile device
passcodes, passwords or access codes with others including third party
information aggregators, as the sharing of these details could enable
others to access your personal account information on our websites.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Green Cross Health websites may provide links to other related websites
for your ease and convenience. These websites may have different security
standards and privacy policies. We recommend that you read the privacy
policies for these websites before deciding whether to divulge information
to these websites. We are not responsible for the information you choose
to divulge to these websites.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will make changes to this Policy from time to time. When we make changes, we will update the Policy on our websites and those changes will be effective immediately
thereafter.