http://www.northernhealth.ca/about-us/information-privacy-office
Skip to main content
Northern Health COVID-19 information
Home
Health information
Services
Locations
For physicians
For health professionals
Stories
Contact
Search
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
Accountability
Information Privacy Office
Information Privacy Office
Protecting your privacy
Everyone treated at one of our facilities has a health record. These records contain documents such as reports from care providers, test results and pharmacy information.
All of your records are kept strictly confidential. Protecting your privacy is our priority.
We collect, use and disclose your information only where permitted or authorized to under the BC Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
Learn more about how we protect your privacy
Caring for your information - Notice to our patients and clients
Northern Health’s policy on “Confidentiality” is accessible by contacting the NH Information Privacy Office
Who can access my information?
Our staff, physicians and other authorized individuals collect, use and share your personal information to deliver health services.
They may use and share your information for the following purposes:
For your immediate and ongoing care
To help improve your quality of care and services
For research purposes, if authorized and permitted by law
For teaching and education purposes (e.g. training doctors and nurses)
To understand your eligibility for benefits and services and to arrange payment
To create an electronic patient and or client record
Your personal information may also be disclosed to other authorized individuals as required by law (e.g. to respond to a court order) or under a specific statute (e.g. the Coroner’s Act and Adult Guardianship Act).
To Our Patients and Clients
Below is an example of the poster which you should find displayed in all Northern Health facilities at each intake area. These posters ensure the public are aware of Northern Health’s commitment to protecting their privacy.
How is my information shared?
We use electronic records to share information efficiently and improve the quality of care we deliver.
We record your information in our electronic clinical systems and use a shared electronic health record, CareConnect, to provide a single point of access for patient medical information.
We also have access to patient identifiers in the Ministry of Health’s Electronic Master Patient Index, which we use to confirm your identity and for audit purposes.
Learn more about how we care for your information.
Caring for your Personal Information
Is my information secure?
We use a variety of safeguards to protect your electronic information including encryption, passwords and access audits. The more sensitive the information, the more protected it is.
The E-Health (Personal Health Information Access and Protection of Privacy) Act is legislation that covers designated Health Information Banks. Under this legislation, we may only collect, use, or disclose your personal information for specific purposes as designated.Learn more about eHealth.
If you have further questions about your personal information at Northern Health Authority, contact the Information Privacy Office; or to request access to your health records, contact the Health Records department at the location where you were treated.
What if I don’t want others to know I am in one of your facilities?
It is standard practice to tell people who phone to ask about you for us to confirm you have been admitted to one of our facilities. If you don’t want this information to be released, let a staff member know and they will make a note on your file saying not to release any information about you.
How do I request my health records?
Call one of the the Facilities in your area for more information or fill out an Authorization for Disclosure of Clinical Record Information form and send it to the location where you were treated.
Can't find the number you need?
Contact Health Records Services at the location you were treated and ask for the Release of Information Department.
Is there a fee?
Normally you do not need to pay for a copy of your health record defined as standard processing. However, there may be a fee if special processing services are needed. If you are requesting non-health or corporate records a fee will apply accordingly. A letter will be sent to you in advance outlining the charges. Payments for requests of less than $200 must be made in advance. If the estimate exceeds $200, applicants may be requested to make a 50% deposit. GST does not apply. Applicants levied a fee under s.75 of the Act are entitled to appeal the initial fee to the health authority. The health authority maintains the right to waive, reduce or continue with the levied fees.
When can I expect a response?
You will receive a response within 30 business days from the date we receive your written request. If we need to consult with others or if we have a large volume of records to review, the time may be extended, as permitted under the BC Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
If you are not satisfied with the response you receive or you have any questions or concerns about your privacy, contact the Information Privacy Office. If you would like to apply for a review, you may contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for BC.
Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for BC
PO Box 9038 Stn. Prov. Govt.
Victoria, BC V8W 9A4
Phone: 250-387-5629
Fax: 250-387-1696
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy, contact the Information Privacy Office.
SHARE THIS PAGE
Forms
Authorization for Disclosure of Clinical Record Information
Request for Access to Records
Request to Correct Personal Information
Social Media Menu
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Home
Health information
Health topics A-Z
HIV and hepatitis C
HIV
Hepatitis C (HCV)
Patient and public resources
Health care provider resources
Specialized Support Team
Community support organizations
Testing locations
Medical tests | HealthLink BC
Medications | HealthLink BC
Pregnancy and baby
SmartMom Prenatal Program
Birthing centres in Northern Health
Breastfeeding
Breastfeeding-friendly spaces
Midwifery services
Postpartum services
Prenatal services
Prince George maternity ward
The pregnancy journey
Primary and community care
Seniors' health
Services
Digital health
HealtheLife
NH Check In
Telehealth
Virtual Clinic
Hospital services
Lab services
Lab locations
Medical imaging
Surgical services
Your hospital stay
Leaving the hospital (Discharge)
Mental health and substance use
Programs and services
Services by community
Inpatient services
Important links
Indigenous Health
Environmental health
Contacts, questions and COVID-19
A-Z index
Air quality
Air quality and health
Wildfire smoke
Wood burning
Applications and forms
Communicable diseases
Drinking water
Drinking water advisories
Complaints
Water sampling and results
Drinking water permits
Frequently asked questions (FAQ's)
Drinking water resources
Drinking water inspection reports
Public health engineering
Food
Food safety
Food facilities
Food inspection reports
Temporary food permits and markets
Foodborne illness
Potluck safety
Healthy built environments
Industrial camps
Inspection reports
Personal services
Public health engineering
Radon
Recreational water
Sewerage and subdivision
End-of-life care / Palliative care
Home and community care
Home health
Assisted living
Long-term care homes
Accessing services
Costs
Feedback
Community care licensing
Contact a licensing officer
Applicants
Child care providers
Choosing a facility
Inspection reports
Newsletters and bulletins
Operating without a licence
Residential care providers
Reportable incident
Healthy living in communities
Healthy communities
IMAGINE Grants
Resilient Communities Grants
School and youth
Spirit of Healthy Kids
E-Briefs and updates
Programs
Assessment Network
Dental Health Program
Hearing programs (Audiology)
Junior Volunteer Program
Office of Health and Resource Development
Regional Chronic Diseases Program
Speech and Language Program
NH Connections bus
Tobacco and vapour enforcement
Locations
Hospitals
Health units
Medical clinics
Labs
Medical imaging
Assisted living
Long-term care
Hospices
Environmental Health Officers
Regional offices
For physicians
For health professionals
Campaigns
Community Wellness Challenge
Stigma
Youth mental health
Community health information
Reports
Maps
Useful links
Immunization resources and tools
Library services
Northern clinical simulation
Palliative care / End-of-life care
Pharmacy Residency Program
Public health nutrition guides
Professional practice
Research
IDC Brown Bag Lunch
NH Research Review Committee
Northern BC Research and Quality Conference
Stories
Contact
Ethical choices
Environmental Health Officers
Licensing Officers
Make a payment
Patient Care Quality Office
Safe reporting