https://www.phlebotomy.com/copyright-policy.html
Videos
Main Menu
Streaming
DVDs
YouTube channel
Real People, Real Suffering video
A Tribute to Phlebotomists
View All Videos
Membership
eNewsletter
Books, posters, etc.
Downloads
Main Menu
To the Point® Articles
CE Booklets
CLSI Standards
Procedure Templates
Smart Charts™
ATMs
Free Stuff
View All Downloads
Continuing Education
Main Menu
In-House
P.A.C.E.
View All Continuing Education
Login: Phlebotomy Central
Login: Phlebotomy Channel
…
Home
Copyright Policy and Terms
Copyright Policy and Terms
Last edited: 3/27/2018
“The unauthorized reproduction, or distribution of copyrighted work on this site is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to five years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.”
Definitions “Facility”— one physical structure, including satellite facilities staffed by employees who perform blood collection procedures on behalf of, or upon request by, the main facility within the same legally defined metropolitan area as the main facility. “Academic department”— an educational institution with one or more campuses within its legally defined metropolitan area or county.
“Student”— an individual currently enrolled into a course that teaches blood collection procedures in one of the member's/subscriber's academic departments. “Employee”— an individual currently employed by the member/subscribing facility.
“Representative”— employee of a corporation or organization whether located regionally (e.g., at corporate headquarters), intranationally, or internationally (e.g., members of a sales team).
“Digital version”— any pdf document, epub file, or html file purchased and made accessible to the purchaser via download from the CPE's web site, via access to CPE's web site or via email from authorized CPE personnel or electronic delivery system. Web Pages All materials posted on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, or otherwise published without the prior written permission of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. (CPE) Web Page Exceptions: PDF versions of the Tip of the Month series: All Tip of the Month pdfs are available for printing, forwarding, and distributing in their entirety and their original unedited format. Content of the Tip of the Month cannot be copied, reproduced and/or republished in whole or in part without the written permission of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. PDF accessible on our Free Stuff web page: All pdfs accessible on the Free Stuff page of www.phlebotomy.com are available for printing, forwarding, and distributing in their entirety and their original unedited format. PDFs linked from the Free Stuff page cannot be republished in any publication or reposted on any other web page in whole or in part without the written permission of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. Videos Phlebotomy Channel streaming video platform View Phlebotomy Channel Terms here. Applied Phlebotomy DVDs View Applied Phlebotomy DVDs Terms here. eNewsletter Phlebotomy Today CPE grants permission to distribute issues of Phlebotomy Today in their entirety or selected articles in their entirety without prior permission provided that they are forwarded unedited and in their entirety including all copyright and other notices contained in the issue or article. CPE also permits each subscriber to print copies for distribution to staff and students. Any other unauthorized reproduction, duplication, forwarding, copying, distributing, republishing, translating, downloading, displaying, posting, faxing, or communicating an issue by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without permission is prohibited. Phlebotomy Central™
All components of Phlebotomy Central™ belong to the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. (CPE) and are offered for individual use. All rights to the material accessed through Phlebotomy Central are reserved. Material and content accessible within Phlebotomy Central cannot be reproduced, duplicated, forwarded, copied, distributed, republished, translated, downloaded, displayed, posted, faxed, or otherwise communicated in whole or in part by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording without permission with the following exception: one copy of each document may be printed per student or employee of the subscribing “Facility” or “Academic department” as defined under “Definitions.”
Phlebotomy Central™ logins and passwords for access are not to be shared or otherwise provided to employees or students at non-member facilities or academic departments. (See “Definitions.”) The unique password and login provided to Phlebotomy Central members can be shared only with by employees of the member if the member is a “Facility” or students of the member if the member is an “Academic department” within the limits defined under “Definitions.” Phlebotomy Central membership rates are based on the number of individuals the facility or academic department requires to access the content of Phlebotomy Central (tiered pricing). Access beyond the purchased limitation is not permitted without an adjustment of the subscription rate. Unauthorized access may result in cancellation of the password and login at CPE’s discretion without refund for the unused balance of the subscription period. A link to the Phlebotomy Central™ login page may be incorporated into a password-protected virtual private network or intranet for remote access by employees/students of the member within the limits defined under “Definitions.” Phlebotomy Central membership rates are based on the number of individuals the facility or academic department requires to access the content of Phlebotomy Central (tiered pricing). Access beyond the purchased limitation is not permitted without an adjustment of the subscription rate. Unauthorized access may result in cancellation of the password and login at CPE’s discretion without refund for the unused balance of the subscription period.
Download documents All electronically-transmitted articles belong to the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. All rights are reserved. Except where permitted herein, access to these articles permits downloading the digital version (see Definitions) once. Printing/duplicating hard copies made from the digital version for distribution within one facility (see Definitions) only. Except where permitted herein, the digital version itself, in whole or in part, shall not be duplicated, forwarded, distributed, published, or viewed on more than one computer within one facility, or one e-reader per license.
The information contained in downloads are for the personal use of the purchaser and may not be incorporated into publications, databases, or software programs without the written consent of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. Except where permitted herein, making copies of these pages or any portion for any purpose other than the terms specified herein is a violation of United States copyright laws. ebooks By purchasing an ebook, you have agreed to download the content for individual use only. A license is required, and included in the purchase, for each device upon which an ebook is downloaded/installed. Purchase of a standard ebook license permits the user to install the ebook file on any and all of devices for the user's personal use only. Users may not:
print hard copies of ebook files. (Bound softcover versions are available for purchase.) make multiple copies or broadcast, transmit, store, publicly display, adapt or modify the content for any other purpose without written permission; lend, sell or give the eBook to another user in any form; place the ebook file on a network or file sharing service for use or access by anyone other than yourself. All ebook purchases are final and non-refundable. For a site license that permits facility-wide access or access within an academic institution, contact the Center for Phlebotomy Education for more information.
Venipuncture Tutor All electronically-transmitted pages belong to the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. and are offered for your personal use. All rights are reserved. Purchase of the “Tutor” permits downloading the purchased article once and printing copies for distribution within one facility only. No part of the document may be transmitted in any form or by any means other than in print. Digital copies in whole or in part shall not be duplicated, forwarded, distributed, published, or otherwise used for any other purpose or viewed on more than one computer within one facility only. The information contained in downloads are for the personal use of the purchaser and may not be incorporated into publications, databases, or software programs without the written consent of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc.
Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) standards Use of any Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) publication from the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. is protected by copyright. No part of it may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without written permission from CLSI. CLSI's copyright policy is as follows: CLSI reserves all rights to all content of CLSI standards, guidelines, companion products, and all other CLSI materials. Any entity, person, or business who desires to copy, duplicate, replicate, reproduce, extract, present, or otherwise communicate any content of CLSI standards, guidelines, companion products, or other CLSI materials shall obtain express written consent from CLSI. Interested parties may send permission requests to permissions@clsi.org. Abbreviated Teaching Modules Purchasers of one or more Abbreviated Teaching Modules are entitled to distribute hard copies (printed copies or photocopies) and digital versions (see Definitions) of articles and quizzes (collectively referred to as “Document” in this section only) to verifiable employees within their facility (see Definitions) or verifiable employees and students in an academic department (see Definitions) without prior permission provided that all copyright, unauthorized distribution, and other notices contained in each Document are maintained. Documents may be forwarded by email to verifiable employees within their facility or verifiable employees and students in an academic department under the same provision. Documents may also be placed on a facility’s intranet accessible only to verifiable employees within their facility or verifiable employees and students in an academic department only within the facility or academic department under the same provision. Neither printed (hard) copies nor digital versions in whole or in part may be forwarded by email or otherwise made available or accessible to non-employees or non-students outside of the facility or academic department. Any other unauthorized reproduction, duplication, forwarding, copying, distributing, republishing, translating, downloading, displaying, posting, faxing, or communicating an issue in whole or in part by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without permission is prohibited. Abbreviated Teaching Modules—Corporate License By special arrangement and at additional cost, a Corporate License extends the above rights to permit distribution/access to verifiable employees at multiple facilities within a system or to verifiable staff and students at multiple academic departments or campuses. These extended rights will be duly stated on the official invoice or receipt prepared at the time of purchase and sent to the purchaser. All other restrictions stated under “Abbreviated Teaching Modules” above apply. Free Downloads Users who download documents made available at no charge linked from our "Free Downloads" page are entitled to distribute hard copies (printed copies or photocopies) and digital versions (see Definitions) of articles to verifiable employees within their facility (see Definitions) or verifiable employees and students in an academic department (see Definitions) without prior permission provided that all copyright, unauthorized distribution, and other notices contained in each Document are maintained. Documents may be forwarded by email to verifiable employees within their facility or verifiable employees and students in an academic department under the same provision. Documents may also be placed on a facility’s intranet accessible only to verifiable employees within their facility or verifiable employees and students in an academic department only within the facility or academic department under the same provision. Documents may also be incorporated into facility/organization publications without permission in their entirety including all copyright and other elements and notices contained in the document and in their original unedited format. Any other unauthorized reproduction, duplication, forwarding, copying, distributing, republishing, translating, downloading, displaying, posting, faxing, or communicating an issue in whole or in part by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without permission is prohibited. Permission-Free usage Except for the limited permissions stated herein, there is no need to secure permission from CPE for the following permitted uses. All copyright notices must retained.
Printing one copy of a CPE Web page on a printer for later reference, for yourself, for a student, or for a patient. Including excerpts from a CPE text in a college term paper or K–12 school project. Using a printout of a CPE web page as a continuing education tool or reading for classroom or continuing education purposes. Please cite the source as follows: “Copyrighted material used with permission of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, www.phlebotomy.com.” News media—in print, television, and radio—may use information posted on www.phlebotomy.com as part of their coverage, provided that each use is credited as follows: Copyrighted material used with permission of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc., www.phlebotomy.com. Other media, including Internet publishers, book publishers, and academic journal publishers should follow the permissions guidelines “For all other uses” found below.
When using www.phlebotomy.com information in a scholarly work, term paper, or school project please use the following example as a guide for citing your source:
Government, Industry Focus on Phlebotomy Ergonomics. [Web document]. The Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc., Phlebotomy Today, 2002;3(6). https://www.phlebotomy.com/Newsletter.html.
That is:
Author Lastname, Firstname, others (if available). Title of Document. [Type of document]. Place published: Publisher, original publication year; Volume (issue). Web address of the cited document.
For all other uses: Electronic publishing
The authors and publishers of material posted at www.phlebotomy.com, as a rule, do not give prior permission for duplicating material in other electronic forms such as other Web sites, intranet sites, CD-ROMs, DVDs, videotape, electronic slide show, personal digital assistant format, etc. Any such use of material posted on www.phlebotomy.com must receive specific approval from the author and/or director of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. To secure permission, send an email to phlebotomy@phlebotomy.com stating the nature of the use of the material, the number of duplications/applications, and the targeted recipient(s). Your request will be handled promptly. Use is not to be assumed without an official response granting permission. Textbook and journal publishers Authors of material posted at www.phlebotomy.com are pleased to assist textbook and journal publishers with use of their content. To receive specific approval from the author and/or director of the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc., send an email to phlebotomy@phlebotomy.com stating the nature of the use of the material, the number of duplications/applications, and the targeted recipient(s). Your request will be handled promptly. Use is not to be assumed without an official response granting permission. Liability Disclaimer Healthcare is an ever-changing science. As new research and clinical experience broadens our knowledge, changes in procedures are required. The authors of all material posted on www.phlebotomy.com have checked with sources believed to be reliable at the time of writing in their efforts to provide information that is complete and generally in accord with the standards accepted at the time of publication. However, neither the authors, editors, contributors, the Center for Phlebotomy Education, Inc. nor any other party who has been involved in the preparation or publication of this work warrants that the information contained herein is in every respect accurate or complete, and they are not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. Readers are encouraged to confirm the information contained herein with other sources before applying information provided.
Support
Support
About Us
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Return Policy
Privacy Statement
Shipping and Return Policies
© 2020 Center for Phlebotomy Education All Rights Reserved