http://www.lymphomainfo.net/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Home
Hodgkin's
Non-hodgkin's
B-Cell
T-Cell
Symptoms
Treatment
Surviving Lymphoma
Login
Search
Home
Hodgkin's
Non-hodgkin's
B-Cell
T-Cell
Symptoms
Treatment
Surviving Lymphoma
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
This Agreement sets and contains all of the terms and conditions between a User ("you,” “Member,” or "User") of LymphomaInfo.net services and LymphomaInfo.net ("Site" or “Website”).
Access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions in addition to our Privacy Policy. By viewing this site you agree to its terms. If you do not agree to its terms, do not view this site. LymphomaInfo.net reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time as it deems necessary, and will post such changes and their effective date above the previous terms and conditions on this website.
Area of Jurisdiction
Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation, this paragraph. These terms and conditions apply only to your use of this specific website.
Member Agreement
By submitting the Member registration form, you, the Member, represent, warrant and agree to the following:
1.	No individual under the age of thirteen (13) may use the Services, provide any personal information to LymphomaInfo.net, or otherwise submit personal information through the Services (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number, or email address). You may only use the Services if you can form a binding contract with LymphomaInfo.net and are not legally prohibited from using the Services.
2.	The information furnished by you in the registration form is accurate, true and complete, and you will maintain and update such information during the term of this Agreement so that it will remain true, accurate, current and complete.
Member/User’s Conduct
You, the Member/User, will be solely and fully liable for all conduct, postings and transmissions that are made under your user name and password. You warrant and declare that while you are using LymphomaInfo.net you will act according to the following rules and agree to the following:
1.	LymphomaInfo.net cannot and will not make any effort to verify the identity, qualifications, credentials, biographic information and any of information regarding any of the Members/Users;
2.	LymphomaInfo.net is not involved in any transactions between Members/Users.
3.	LymphomaInfo.net does not control the quality, relevance, or accuracy of the advice, whether the Member is qualified to provide the specific advice, the accuracy of any postings on the Site, or any transmissions through it by Members/Users;
4.	Member/User agrees that any information or content that he or she posts or transmits or receives through LymphomaInfo.net will not be considered confidential. Member grants LymphomaInfo.net an unlimited, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, edit, copy, transmit, publicly perform, create derivative works, or communicate to the public any such information and content on a world-wide basis.
5.	Member consents to LymphomaInfo.net collecting and processing any personal information, as per the terms of LymphomaInfo.net’s Privacy Policy.
6.	Member will not take any actions that may undermine, disrupt or manipulate the integrity of the Member rating system on the Site. Member will not interfere with or disrupt the LymphomaInfo.net servers or networks connected to the Site;
7.	Member will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems or networks connected to the Site, and will not transmit "junk mail", "spam", or any unsolicited mass distribution of email or bulletin board postings;
8.	Member will not transmit through the Service any unlawful, harassing, libelous, privacy invading, abusive, threatening, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racist, harmful, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind;
9.	Member will not disobey or breach this Agreement or any other applicable instructions conveyed by LymphomaInfo.net;
10.	Member will not violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or ethical code;
11.	Member will not upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available: (A) any information or material that infringes upon a third party right, especially intellectual property rights; (B) any third party advertisements, including banner exchange services; (C) any software viruses, Trojan horses, worms or any other malicious application or (D) any information or material which may constitute or encourage conduct that is a criminal offense or civil wrong or otherwise violates any applicable law;
12.	Member will not impersonate any person or entity, or make any false statement regarding his or her employment, agency or affiliation with any person or entity;
13.	Member will not stalk, threaten or harass other Members/Users or infringe upon or attempt to infringe upon their privacy; and;
14.	LymphomaInfo.net may review the Member's personal profile and amend any typing, spelling, or grammatical errors. LymphomaInfo.net cannot and will not examine the validity or accuracy of the details in the Member's personal profile or in any of the Member's postings or transmissions. However, LymphomaInfo.net may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to post, transmit or remove any content uploaded by the Member.
15.	LymphomaInfo.net may remove any content violating this Agreement.
16.	The Member will bear all the risks associated with the uploading and transmitting of material while utilizing LymphomaInfo.net, including reliance on its accuracy, reliability or legality.
Forbidden Material (harmful language, malicious software, solicitation, spam etc.)
All users expressly agree to not post any material that:
1.	is defamatory, libelous, abusive, or obscene, including, without limitation, material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, federal, or international law;
2.	infringes on the copyright or any other proprietary right of a third party;
3.	would invade the privacy of any other person;
4.	is intended to advertise to or solicit others without our express permission;
5.	constitutes charity solicitations, chain letters or pyramid schemes;
6.	contains a virus, worm, trojan horse, time bomb, or any other harmful program or component; or
7.	does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the website.
You further expressly agree that you will not:
(a) after receiving warning, continue to post material which we have advised you not to post;
(b) create a false identity or forged e-mail address or header, or otherwise attempt to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of the message;
(c) post, generate or disseminate so-called "spam" or mass-mailings;
(d) harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent;
(e) interfere with or disrupt networks connected to the website, or used for purposes of delivering the content (or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks);
(f) attempt to gain unauthorized access to restricted areas of the website, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the website, through password mining or any other means; or
(g) interfere with another user's use and enjoyment of the website.
(h) post if you are younger than 13 years old.
(i) use LymphomaInfo.net if you are a convicted sex offender.
(j) use our copyrights or trademarks (including our logo), or any confusingly similar marks, except as expressly permitted by our prior written permission.
(k) post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT SUICIDE OR FEEL THAT YOU MAY BE A DANGER TO YOURSELF OR TO OTHERS, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL 911 (OR THE RELEVANT EMERGENCY NUMBER IN YOUR COUNTRY) AND NOTIFY THE POLICE OR EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES.
MEDICAL EMERGENCY: If you think you may have a medical emergency, call 911 or your healthcare provider immediately!
IF YOU FEEL THREATENED: If you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately.
ABUSE: In cases where you believe a person(s) has breached the terms and conditions of the LymphomaInfo.net website, please contact LymphomaInfo.net IMMEDIATELY. Do not attempt to contact the person yourself and do not post derogatory comments in any public areas on the LymphomaInfo.net Site.
User Responsible for All Posts and Communication
Neither LymphomaInfo.net nor its affiliates are under any obligation to respond to messages posted to this site or to provide any compensation for any such communication. If you post any information or material to this website you are responsible for such information or material and the consequences of their posting. If you choose to post material, you agree to do so solely for lawful purposes and in compliance with all applicable laws. You expressly agree that we have no responsibility for or control over the information, creations, data or material you may post to this website.
We do not and are not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by you or any other person or entity. If notified by one of our users of any material that is alleged not to conform to the terms of these terms and conditions, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the material. We reserve the right to remove material that is abusive, illegal, disruptive, or that otherwise fails to conform to these terms and conditions. We reserve the right to edit or delete any material posted on our website, regardless of whether such material violates these standards for content. We have no liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the screening activities set forth above.
We further do not represent, warrant or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of the material posted by others on the website. We also do not endorse any opinions expressed by others on the website. You acknowledge that any reliance on content posted by others on the website, and your use of that content, is at your own risk. We make no representation that your use of this website will comply with applicable laws or that they were designed to comply with the applicable laws. For example, many states regulate physician advertising and you are responsible for ensuring that your use of the website complies with laws applicable to you.
You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. Under no circumstances will LymphomaInfo.net be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Services or broadcast elsewhere.
The Site contains functionality that allows users to upload content to the Site (collectively "Public Areas"). You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Public Areas that infringe or violate any rights of any party. If you make any such submission, you agree that you will not send or transmit to LymphomaInfo.net by email, (including through the email addresses listed on the "Contact Us" page) any communication or content that infringes or violates any rights of any party. If you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to LymphomaInfo.net by email, you agree such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any submission to a Public Area or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to LymphomaInfo.net by email, you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such content or intellectual property has expressly granted LymphomaInfo.net a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed. LymphomaInfo.net may sublicense its rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not submit them to the Public Areas or to LymphomaInfo.net by email. We try to answer every email in a timely manner, but are not always able to do so.
User Name and Password
When you, the Member, create and open an account with LymphomaInfo.net, you will be asked to provide a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and any other security information related to your account. You will be fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account, user name or password. You may not use the account, username or password of someone else at any time. You will immediately notify LymphomaInfo.net of any unauthorized use of Member's password, user name, e-mail, or any other breach of security. LymphomaInfo.net encourages Member to change their password at least once a month. LymphomaInfo.net will not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your account or your password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by LymphomaInfo.net due to someone else’s use of your account or password.
All registered members/users of the LymphomaInfo.net Site are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to their LymphomaInfo.net passwords or accounts. It is the registered members/users' sole responsibility to (1) control the distribution of their passwords or account information; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of their LymphomaInfo.net account and password; (3) inform LymphomaInfo.net of any need to deactivate their password or change their registration, as soon as possible.
LymphomaInfo.net may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the account or access of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
Termination
LymphomaInfo.net may terminate or suspend your access to or ability to use any and all Services immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason or no reason, including but not limited to if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. In particular, LymphomaInfo.net may immediately terminate or suspend Accounts that have been flagged for repeat copyright infringement.
Upon termination of your access to or ability to use a Service, including but not limited to suspension of your Account on a Service, your right to use or access that Service and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of your access to and use of the Services shall not relieve you of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability that you otherwise may have to LymphomaInfo.net or any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranties
This website, its content, and access are provided on an "as is" basis. LymphomaInfo.net, and its affiliates, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third-parties' rights, title, or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranties arising by course of dealing or custom of trade.
Specifically, LymphomaInfo.net and its affiliates make no representations or warranties regarding the (i) accuracy, completeness, currency or timeliness of the content, (ii) links provided on or through the use of this website or (iii) the quality and security of the website, or inability to access the content or website, including whether they will be free of viruses, unauthorized code or other harmful components.
Disclaimer of Medical Liability
The majority of the content on this Site is member-generated. Content posted by LymphomaInfo.net, such as self-tests and videos, is offered for informational and educational purposes only, and is not intended to be a substitute for mental health advice, medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. LymphomaInfo.net does not offer or give medical advice or mental health advice. We do not provide medical or diagnostic services. You should not act upon information on this site without seeking professional advice and counsel.
Any statements made in this website about products have not been evaluated by the United States Food and Drug Administration.
User Assumes All Risk and Liability
We do not assume responsibility for the reliability of any information, personal or otherwise, posted by LymphomaInfo.net members/users. We do not endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned or described in this website. If you rely on any content obtained by you on or through this website, you do so solely at your own risk. We do not guarantee monitoring or authentication of the information contained in forums and chat groups for accuracy, safety, or reliability.
User is liable for any activity or service which by law can only be performed by a licensed, registered, or certified medical care provider; giving of a professionally-qualified medical opinion; or the administration of or failure to administer medical care.
You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to your place or country of residence and accessing this website from any country where its content does not comply with its laws and regulations is prohibited. You agree that LymphomaInfo.net and its affiliates shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or injury caused in whole or in part by relying upon, using, or interpreting the content or any other information obtained through use of this website. In no event will LymphomaInfo.net or its affiliates be liable to you or anyone else for any incidental, consequential, indirect, special or exemplary damages or lost profits arising out of the use or inability to use the content, the website or any other information obtained through the website, even if LymphomaInfo.net, its affiliates, its licensors, agents or representatives know or have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
These excluded damages include, but are not limited to, medical, legal and accounting malpractice damage claims or awards, pain and suffering, personal injury/wrongful death, loss of income, loss of consortium, business interruption, medical bills, damages for loss of data, loss of programs, and/or cost of procurement of substitute services or service interruptions.
LymphomaInfo.net's and its affiliates cumulative liability to you or any other party for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to the website, the content or these terms of use shall not exceed the fee, if any, paid by you or on your behalf for the use of the website for the prior twelve (12) months. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental damages, or limitations upon how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. In no event shall LymphomaInfo.net or its affiliates be liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of this website or the content. Any claims made by you in connection with your use of this website or the content must be brought within one (1) year of the date on which the event giving rise to such action occurred. All remedies set forth in these terms of conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these terms and conditions.
Hyperlinks
Any link (including a hyperlink, button or referral device of any kind) used on this website is provided for your use and convenience. The appearance of a link on this website does not constitute an endorsement, recommendation or certification by us. We do not endorse the content on any third-party websites except those owned by To Seek Media. We are not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites or third-party advertisements, and do not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. We are not responsible for the content of third-party websites promoted by Members/Users. We do not knowingly link to websites that may infringe on valid and existing trademarks, service marks, copyrights or patents. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Release from Liability
User hereby releases and agrees to hold harmless LymphomaInfo.net, To Seek Media, LLC, its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, advisors, consultants, and assigns from any and all causes of action and claims of any nature resulting from the acts of any Members/Users accessed through the Site.
IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT SUICIDE OR FEEL THAT YOU MAY BE A DANGER TO YOURSELF OR TO OTHERS, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL 911 (OR THE RELEVANT EMERGENCY NUMBER IN YOUR COUNTRY) AND NOTIFY THE POLICE OR EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES.
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. Opinions of any medical or mental health professionals, physicians, and other Members/Users on this Site are solely their opinions, and not those of LymphomaInfo.net. LymphomaInfo.net does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy of the content on the Site, including the biographical information, qualifications, credentials or other data regarding the mental health professionals, physicians, or other Members/Users.
LymphomaInfo.net does not assume any liability or responsibility for damage or injury to persons or property arising from the use of any information or advice given by a Member.
Content
LymphomaInfo.net does not warrant the validity, accuracy, or availability of the content and Member advice provided and it will not be liable for any damages sustained by Member due to reliance on such information or advice.
The information furnished by Members/Users is intended for general reference purpose only. The consultation with Members/Users via LymphomaInfo.net cannot and does not replace a meeting with a professional. Member is encouraged to verify the information furnished by other Members. Any information on LymphomaInfo.net and information furnished by Members/Users is not intended to offer a solution for a specific problem and must be considered as general in nature. ANY RELIANCE ON SUCH INFORMATION IS DONE AT THE MEMBER'S FULL AND SOLE LIABILITY.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
MEMBER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE LymphomaInfo.net SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND THEREFORE MEMBER WILL NOT HAVE ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND IN RELATION TO LymphomaInfo.net IN RESPECT TO LymphomaInfo.net’S PROPERTIES, LIMITATIONS OR COMPATIBILITY WITH THE MEMBER'S NEEDS. THE USE OF LymphomaInfo.net IS AT THE MEMBER'S SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, LymphomaInfo.net EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY OR ACCURACY.
LymphomaInfo.net EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES FOR INFORMATION POSTED OR TRANSMITTED BY ANY MEMBER. IF A MEMBER DECIDES TO RELY ON INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANOTHER MEMBERS/USERS OR USER FOLLOWING THE USE OF LymphomaInfo.net, MEMBER MUST EXERCISE A HIGH STANDARD OF CARE. THE MEMBER SHALL NOT HAVE ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND N RELATION TO LymphomaInfo.net, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS IN RESPECT TO ANY SERVICE OR ADVICE MEMBER DECIDES TO RECEIVE AND/OR TO RELY ON. LymphomaInfo.net WILL NOT BE DEEMED THE PROVIDER OR RECIPIENT OF ANY SERVICES OR INFORMATION ACQUIRED THROUGH LymphomaInfo.net. THE PURCHASE OF SERVICES IS EFFECTED AT THE MEMBER'S SOLE RISK.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL LymphomaInfo.net, TO SEEK MEDIA, LLC, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS BE LIABLE TO ANY MEMBER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE), HOWEVER IT ARISES, WHETHER IN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, OR ARISING FROM THE SERVICES OR ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT. LymphomaInfo.net, TO SEEK MEDIA, LLC , ITS AFFILIATES, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DIRECT DAMAGES ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEE, IF ANY, PAID BY YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF FOR THE USE OF LymphomaInfo.net IN THE SIX MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE THE CLAIM AROSE. MEMBER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT LymphomaInfo.net DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, SUIT OR ACTION BROUGHT BY ANOTHER MEMBER AND MEMBER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LymphomaInfo.net HARMLESS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH CLAIM.
LymphomaInfo.net WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ENFORCING ANY AGREEMENT THAT WAS MADE BETWEEN MEMBERS. MEMBER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AGREEMENT MADE WITH OTHER MEMBERS.
IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION CONDUCTED THROUGH LymphomaInfo.net, THE MEMBER HEREBY RELIEVES LymphomaInfo.net, TO SEEK MEDIA, LLC , ITS AFFILIATES, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS FROM ALL MANNER OF ACTIONS, CLAIMS OR DEMANDS AND FROM ANY AND ALL LOSSES (DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL), DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COURT COSTS AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, WHICH MEMBER MAY HAVE AGAINST ONE OR MORE OF THE ABOVE.
Arbitration
User agrees that any claim or dispute related to the use of the Site and its Services, including Online Counseling, whether related to this agreement or otherwise, including the validity of this arbitration clause, shall be resolved by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association, under the Arbitration Rules then in effect. Any award of the arbitrator(s) may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Non transferable
You may browse this site for personal information. However, please do not copy, distribute, modify, transmit or revise the contents of this site without written permission from LymphomaInfo.net. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to any third party through the use or access to this site; rather, all rights, title, and interest in and to all aspects of this site remain the sole property of LymphomaInfo.net.
Images
By uploading a file you certify that you have the right to distribute this picture and that it does not violate the Terms of Service.
User Submissions — Image, Video, Audio Files
You agree to only post or upload Media (like photos, videos or audio) that you have taken yourself or that you have all rights to transmit and license and which do not violate trademark, copyright, privacy or any other rights of any other person. Photos or videos of celebrities and cartoon or comic images are usually copyrighted by the owner.
To protect your privacy, you agree that you will not submit any media that contains Personally Identifiable Information (like name, phone number, email address or web site URL) of you or of anyone else. Uploading media like images or video of other people without their permission is strictly prohibited.
By uploading any media on the LymphomaInfo.net site, you warrant that you have permission from all persons appearing in your media for you to make this contribution and grant rights described herein. Never post a picture or video of or with someone else unless you have their explicit permission.
It is strictly prohibited to upload media of any kind that contain expressions of hate, abuse, offensive images or conduct, obscenity, pornography, sexually explicit or any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the LymphomaInfo.net Advertising Policy and the LymphomaInfo.net Privacy Policy.
You agree that you will not upload any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or this Web site.
By uploading any media like a photo or video, (a) you grant to LymphomaInfo.net a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material included in the media; (b) you certify that any person pictured in the submitted media (or, if a minor, his/her parent/legal guardian) authorizes LymphomaInfo.net to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, publish, post, transmit and distribute the media and any material included in such media; and (c) you agree to indemnify LymphomaInfo.net and its affiliates, directors, officers and employees and hold them harmless from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from the media and/or your failure to comply with these the terms described in this document. LymphomaInfo.net reserves the right to review all media prior to submission to the site and to remove any media for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion.
Downloading Content
By downloading a file or other content from the LymphomaInfo.net site, you agree that you will not use such file or other content except for personal, non-commercial purposes, and you may not claim any rights to such file or other content, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided in writing.
NOTICES OF CLAIMED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide LymphomaInfo.net's Copyright Agent the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
1.	a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work;
2.	a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, including the URL;
3.	your address, telephone number, and email address;
4.	a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
5.	a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
LymphomaInfo.net's Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By email: site@toseekmedia.com
Copyright and Trademarks
You hereby grant to LymphomaInfo.net a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license, with right to sublicense, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information you submit to the website by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed for any use or purpose.
LymphomaInfo.net only purports to use names, logos or marks appearing in this site in those territories in which it or its affiliates are entitled to do so, whether by virtue of pending or registered trade marks, licenses, or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, LymphomaInfo.net does not purport to use any name, logo or mark in any territory in which it is not so entitled, and will not supply or offer to supply products and/or services bearing any such name, logo or mark into any such territory. The use of these trademarks or any other content on this site, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the site content, is strictly prohibited.
Indemnification
Member shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless LymphomaInfo.net, To Seek Media, LLC and its employees, representatives, agents and affiliates against any and all losses, damages, suits, judgments, costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection with any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding brought against LymphomaInfo.net or such party, to the extent that such claim, suit, action or other proceeding is based on or arises from: (a) any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement to be performed by Member or User according to this Agreement; or (b) any materials that Member had posted to LymphomaInfo.net or transmitted through it, and/or any content on Member's Web site or otherwise provided by Member.
Notice
Any notice or other communication to be given hereunder will be in writing and given by facsimile, postpaid registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or electronic mail. The date of receipt shall be deemed the date on which such notice is given.
No Assignment
Member shall not assign his or her rights and obligations according to this Agreement, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior, written consent of LymphomaInfo.net. Any purported assignment by Member without the appropriate prior written approval will be null and void and of no force or effect.
Modifications to this Agreement
LymphomaInfo.net may change this Agreement or any part hereof at any time according to its absolute discretion and without any prior notice. Therefore, Member is encouraged to check the terms of this Agreement frequently. By using the service or Site after the changes, Member agrees to be bound by such changes to this Agreement.
Miscellaneous
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as making either party the partner, joint venture, agent, legal representative, employer or employee of the other. Neither party shall have, or hold itself out to any third party as having, any authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action that shall be binding on the other, except as provided for herein or authorized in writing by the party to be bound. This Agreement shall be interpreted only in accordance with the laws of the State of California (excluding any rules governing choice of laws), and any legal proceeding arising out this Agreement will occur exclusively in the courts located in California. This Agreement will be binding and will inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. This Agreement (and the policies referenced herein and incorporated by reference) constitutes the entire agreement between LymphomaInfo.net and Member with respect to the subject matter hereof, and Member has not relied upon any promises or representations by LymphomaInfo.net with respect to the subject matter except as set forth herein. LymphomaInfo.net services are not open to Members/Users who live in a country that is prohibited by law, regulation, treaty or administrative act from entering into trade relations with the United States.
No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless made in writing. The paragraph headings herein are solely for the sake of convenience and will not be applied in the interpretation hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise contrary to law, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
Violation
The Member may report any violation of this Agreement to info@toseekemedia.com.
All contents of this site are owned by LymphomaInfo.net. All rights reserved.
Effective: 06/20/19
Terms of Use
This Agreement sets and contains all of the terms and conditions between a User of LymphomaInfo.net services ("you" or "User") and LymphomaInfo.net ("Site").
Access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions in addition to our Privacy Policy. By viewing this site you agree to its terms. If you do not agree to its terms, do not view this site. LymphomaInfo.net reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time as it deems necessary, and will post such changes and their effective date within the current terms and conditions on this website.
Area of Jurisdiction
Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation, this paragraph. These terms and conditions apply only to your use of this specific website.
Non transferable
You may browse this site for personal information. However, please do not copy, distribute, modify, transmit or revise the contents of this site without written permission from LymphomaInfo.net. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to any third party through the use or access to this site; rather, all rights, title, and interest in and to all aspects of this site remain the sole property of LymphomaInfo.net.
Disclaimer of Warranties
This website, its content and access are provided on an "as is" basis. LymphomaInfo.net, and its affiliates, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third-parties' rights, title, or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranties arising by course of dealing or custom of trade.
Specifically, LymphomaInfo.net and its affiliates make no representations or warranties regarding the (i) accuracy, completeness, currency or timeliness of the content, (ii) links provided on or through the use of this website or (iii) the quality and security of the website, or inability to access the content or website, including whether they will be free of viruses, unauthorized code or other harmful components.
Disclaimer of Medical Liability
The content is offered for informational and educational purposes only, and is not intended to be a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. LymphomaInfo.net does not offer or give medical advice. We do not provide medical or diagnostic services. Instead, the content is intended to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between you and your physician. You should not act upon this information without seeking professional advice and counsel.
It is the intent of and its affiliates to create an informational website. Any statements made in this website about products have not been evaluated by the United States Food and Drug Administration. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any condition or disease.
User Assumes All Risk and Liability
We do not endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned or described in this website. If you rely on any content obtained by you on or through this website, you do so solely at your own risk. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to your place or country of residence and accessing this website from any country where its content does not comply with its laws and regulations is prohibited. You agree that LymphomaInfo.net and its affiliates shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or injury caused in whole or in part by relying upon, using, or interpreting the content or any other information obtained through use of this website. In no event will LymphomaInfo.net or its affiliates be liable to you or anyone else for any incidental, consequential, indirect, special or exemplary damages or lost profits arising out of the use or inability to use the content, the website or any other information obtained through the website, even if LymphomaInfo.net, its affiliates, its licensors, agents or representatives know or have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
These excluded damages include, but are not limited to, medical, legal and accounting malpractice damage claims or awards, pain and suffering, personal injury/wrongful death, loss of income, loss of consortium, business interruption, medical bills, damages for loss of data, loss of programs, and/or cost of procurement of substitute services or service interruptions. LymphomaInfo.net's and its affiliates cumulative liability to you or any other party for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to the website, the content or these terms of use shall not exceed the fee, if any, paid by you or on your behalf for the use of the website for the prior twelve (12) months. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental damages, or limitations upon how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. In no event shall LymphomaInfo.net or its affiliates be liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of this website or the content. Any claims made by you in connection with your use of this website or the content must be brought within one (1) year of the date on which the event giving rise to such action occurred. All remedies set forth in these terms of conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these terms and conditions.
Hyperlinks
Any link (including a hyperlink, button or referral device of any kind) used on this website is provided for your use and convenience. The appearance of a link on this website does not constitute an endorsement, recommendation or certification by us, nor should the presence of a link in any way be construed as a suggestion that any third-party website has any relationship with us. We do not endorse the content on any third-party websites. We are not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites or third-party advertisements, and do not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. We do not knowingly link to websites that may infringe on valid and existing trademarks, service marks, copyrights or patents. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
User Responsible for All Posts and Communication
Neither LymphomaInfo.net nor its affiliates are under any obligation to respond to messages posted to this site or to provide any compensation for any such communication. If you post any information or material to this website you are responsible for such information or material and the consequences of their posting. If you choose to post material, you agree to do so solely for lawful purposes and in compliance with all applicable laws. You expressly agree that we have no responsibility for or control over the information, creations, data or material you may post to this website.
We do not and are not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by you or any other person or entity. If notified by one of our users of any material that is alleged not to conform to the terms of these terms and conditions, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the material. We reserve the right to remove material that is abusive, illegal, disruptive, or that otherwise fails to conform to these terms and conditions. We reserve the right to edit or delete any material posted on our website, regardless of whether such material violates these standards for content. We have no liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the screening activities set forth above.
We further do not represent, warrant or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of the material posted by others on the website. We also do not endorse any opinions expressed by others on the website. You acknowledge that any reliance on content posted by others on the website, and your use of that content, is at your own risk.
We make no representation that your use of this website will comply with applicable laws or that they were designed to comply with the applicable laws. For example, many states regulate physician advertising and you are responsible for ensuring that your use of the website complies with laws applicable to you.
Forbidden Material (harmful language, malicious software, solicitation, spam etc.)
All users expressly agree to not post any material that:
1.	is defamatory, libelous, abusive, or obscene, including, without limitation, material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, federal, or international law;
2.	infringes on the copyright or any other proprietary right of a third party;
3.	would invade the privacy of any other person;
4.	is intended to advertise to or solicit others without our express permission;
5.	constitutes charity solicitations, chain letters or pyramid schemes;
6.	contains a virus, worm, trojan horse, time bomb, or any other harmful program or component; or
7.	does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the website.
You further expressly agree that you will not:
•	(a) after receiving warning, continue to post material which we have advised you not to post;
•	(b) create a false identity or forged e-mail address or header, or otherwise attempt to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of the message;
•	(c) post, generate or disseminate so-called "spam" or mass-mailings;
•	(d) harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent;
•	(e) interfere with or disrupt networks connected to the website, or used for purposes of delivering the content (or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks);
•	(f) attempt to gain unauthorized access to restricted areas of the website, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the website, through password mining or any other means; or
•	(g) interfere with another user's use and enjoyment of the website.
•	(h) Post of you are younger than 13 years old.
Copyright and Trademarks
You hereby grant to LymphomaInfo.net a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license, with right to sublicense, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information you submit to the website by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed for any use or purpose.
LymphomaInfo.net only purports to use names, logos or marks appearing in this site in those territories in which it or its affiliates are entitled to do so, whether by virtue of pending or registered trade marks, licenses, or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, LymphomaInfo.net does not purport to use any name, logo or mark in any territory in which it is not so entitled, and will not supply or offer to supply products and/or services bearing any such name, logo or mark into any such territory. The use of these trademarks or any other content on this site, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the site content, is strictly prohibited.
By checking the Terms & Conditions box and creating an account, or by checking this box and logging in, a binding agreement will be executed between you and LymphomaInfo.net. The User should therefore read this Agreement carefully.
By registering as a User and agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you also are agreeing to the terms of the LymphomaInfo.net Privacy Policy.
Release from Liability
User hereby releases and agrees to hold harmless LymphomaInfo.net, To Seek Media, LLC, its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, advisors, consultants, and assigns from any and all causes of action and claims of any nature resulting from the acts of any Users or Members/Users accessed through the Site.
IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT SUICIDE OR FEEL THAT YOU MAY BE A DANGER TO YOURSELF OR TO OTHERS, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL 911 (OR THE RELEVANT EMERGENCY NUMBER IN YOUR COUNTRY) AND NOTIFY THE POLICE OR EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES.
Opinions of the medical or mental health professionals, physicians, and other Counselors on this Site are solely their opinions, and not those of LymphomaInfo.net. LymphomaInfo.net does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy of the content on the Site, including the biographical information, qualifications, credentials or other data regarding the mental health professionals, physicians, or other Counselors.
LymphomaInfo.net does not assume any liability or responsibility for damage or injury to persons or property arising from the use of any information or advice given by a User or Member.
Content
LymphomaInfo.net does not warrant the validity, accuracy, or availability of the content and provided and it will not be liable for any damages sustained by Member due to reliance on such information or advice.
The information furnished by on LymphomaInfo.net is intended for general reference purpose only. ANY RELIANCE ON SUCH INFORMATION IS DONE AT THE MEMBER'S FULL AND SOLE LIABILITY.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
MEMBER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE LymphomaInfo.net SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND THEREFORE MEMBER WILL NOT HAVE ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND VIS-A-VIS LymphomaInfo.net IN RESPECT TO LymphomaInfo.net’S PROPERTIES, LIMITATIONS OR COMPATIBILITY WITH THE MEMBER'S NEEDS. THE USE OF LymphomaInfo.net IS AT THE MEMBER'S SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, LymphomaInfo.net EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY OR ACCURACY.
LymphomaInfo.net EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES FOR INFORMATION POSTED OR TRANSMITTED BY USERS. IF A MEMBER DECIDES TO RELY ON INFORMATION PROVIDED BY A USER OR MEMBER FOLLOWING THE USE OF LymphomaInfo.net, MEMBER MUST EXERCISE A HIGH STANDARD OF CARE. THE MEMBER SHALL NOT HAVE ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND VIS-A-VIS LymphomaInfo.net, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS IN RESPECT TO ANY SERVICE OR ADVICE MEMBER DECIDES TO RECEIVE AND/OR TO RELY ON. LymphomaInfo.net WILL NOT BE DEEMED THE PROVIDER OR RECIPIENT OF ANY SERVICES OR INFORMATION ACQUIRED THROUGH LymphomaInfo.net. THE PURCHASE OF SERVICES IS EFFECTED AT THE MEMBER'S SOLE RISK.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL LymphomaInfo.net, TO SEEK MEDIA, LLC, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS BE LIABLE TO ANY MEMBER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE).
LymphomaInfo.net WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ENFORCING ANY AGREEMENT THAT WAS MADE BETWEEN ANY MEMBERS/USERS OR USERS, INCLUDING A MEMBER FEE AGREEMENT. MEMBER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AGREEMENT MADE WITH ANOTHER USER OR MEMBER.
IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE REGARDING ANY TRANSACTION CONDUCTED THROUGH LymphomaInfo.net, THE MEMBER HEREBY RELIEVES LymphomaInfo.net, TO SEEK MEDIA, LLC , ITS AFFILIATES, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS FROM ALL MANNER OF ACTIONS, CLAIMS OR DEMANDS AND FROM ANY AND ALL LOSSES (DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL), DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COURT COSTS AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, WHICH MEMBER MAY HAVE AGAINST ONE OR MORE OF THE ABOVE.
Arbitration
User agrees that any claim or dispute related to the use of the Site and its Services, whether related to this agreement or otherwise, including the validity of this arbitration clause, shall be resolved by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association, under the Arbitration Rules then in effect. Any award of the arbitrator(s) may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Member Agreement
By submitting the Member registration form, you, the Member, represent, warrant and agree to the following:
•	You are at least 18 years of age or a legally organized entity, that he or she is authorized to represent the person who is submitting a Member registration, and that he or she is authorized to sign the registration form on his or her behalf and bind him or her;
•	The information furnished by you in the registration form is accurate, true and complete, and you will maintain and update such information during the term of this Agreement so that it will remain true, accurate, current and complete.
Member's Conduct:
You, the Member, will be solely and fully liable for all conduct, postings and transmissions that are made under your user name and password. You warrant and declare that while you are using LymphomaInfo.net you will act according to the following rules and agree to the following:
•	Member agrees that any information or content that he or she posts or transmits or receives through LymphomaInfo.net will not be considered confidential. Member grants LymphomaInfo.net an unlimited, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, edit, copy, transmit, publicly perform, create derivative works, or communicate to the public any such information and content on a world-wide basis.
•	Member consents to LymphomaInfo.net collecting and processing any personal information, as per the terms of LymphomaInfo.net’s Privacy Policy.
•	Member will not take any actions that may undermine, disrupt or manipulate the integrity of the Member feedback (rating) system on the Site. Member will not to interfere with or disrupt the LymphomaInfo.net servers or networks connected to the Site;
•	Member will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems or networks connected to the Site, and will not transmit "junk mail", "spam", or any unsolicited mass distribution of email or bulletin board postings;
•	Member will not transmit through the Service any unlawful, harassing, libelous, privacy invading, abusive, threatening, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racist, harmful, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind;
•	Member will not disobey or breach this Agreement or any other applicable instructions conveyed by LymphomaInfo.net;
•	Member will not violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or ethical code;
•	Member will not upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available: (A) any information or material that infringes upon a third party right, especially intellectual property rights; (B) any third party advertisements, including banner exchange services; (C) any software viruses, Trojan horses, worms or any other malicious application or (D) any information or material which may constitute or encourage conduct that is a criminal offense or civil wrong or otherwise violates any applicable law;
•	Member will not impersonate any person or entity, or make any false statement regarding his or her employment, agency or affiliation with any person or entity;
•	Member will not stalk, threaten or harass Members/Users or infringe upon or attempt to infringe upon their privacy; and;
•	LymphomaInfo.net may review the Member's personal profile and amend any typing or spelling errors. LymphomaInfo.net cannot and will not examine the validity or accuracy of the details in the Member's personal profile or in any of the Member's postings or transmissions. However, LymphomaInfo.net may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to post, transmit or remove any content uploaded by the Member. Without derogating from the above, LymphomaInfo.net may remove any content violating this Agreement. The Member will bear all the risks associated with the uploading and transmitting of material while utilizing LymphomaInfo.net, including reliance on its accuracy, reliability or legality.
User Name and Password
When you, the Member, create and open an account with LymphomaInfo.net, you will be asked to provide a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and any other security information related to your account. You will be fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account, user name or password. You may not use the account, username or password of someone else at any time. You will immediately notify LymphomaInfo.net of any unauthorized use of Member's password, user name, e-mail, or any other breach of security. LymphomaInfo.net encourages Member to change their password at least once a month. LymphomaInfo.net will not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your account or your password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by LymphomaInfo.net due to someone else’s use of your account or password.
LymphomaInfo.net may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the account or access of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide LymphomaInfo.net's Copyright Agent the following information:
•	an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
•	a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work;
•	a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, including the URL;
•	your address, telephone number, and email address;
•	a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
•	a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
LymphomaInfo.net's Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
•	By email: site@toseekmedia.com
Indemnification
Member shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless LymphomaInfo.net, To Seek Media, LLC and its employees, representatives, agents and affiliates against any and all losses, damages, suits, judgments, costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection with any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding brought against LymphomaInfo.net or such party, to the extent that such claim, suit, action or other proceeding is based on or arises from: (a) any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement to be performed by Member according to this Agreement; or (b) any materials that Member had posted to LymphomaInfo.net or transmitted through it, and/or any content on Member's Web site or otherwise provided by Member.
Notice
Any notice or other communication to be given hereunder will be in writing and given by facsimile, postpaid registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or electronic mail. The date of receipt shall be deemed the date on which such notice is given.
No Assignment
Member shall not assign his or her rights and obligations according to this Agreement, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior, written consent of LymphomaInfo.net. Any purported assignment by Member without the appropriate prior written approval will be null and void and of no force or effect.
Modifications to this Agreement
LymphomaInfo.net may change this Agreement or any part hereof at any time according to its absolute discretion and without any prior notice. Therefore, Member is encouraged to check the terms of this Agreement frequently. By using the service or Site after the changes, Member agrees to be bound by such changes to this Agreement.
Miscellaneous
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as making either party the partner, joint venture, agent, legal representative, employer or employee of the other. Neither party shall have, or hold itself out to any third party as having, any authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action that shall be binding on the other, except as provided for herein or authorized in writing by the party to be bound. This Agreement shall be interpreted only in accordance with the laws of the State of California (excluding any rules governing choice of laws), and any legal proceeding arising out this Agreement will occur exclusively in the courts located in California. This Agreement will be binding and will inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. This Agreement (and the policies referenced herein and incorporated by reference) constitutes the entire agreement between LymphomaInfo.net and Member with respect to the subject matter hereof, and Member has not relied upon any promises or representations by LymphomaInfo.net with respect to the subject matter except as set forth herein. LymphomaInfo.net services are not open to Members/Users who live in a country that is prohibited by law, regulation, treaty or administrative act from entering into trade relations with the United States.
No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless made in writing. The paragraph headings herein are solely for the sake of convenience and will not be applied in the interpretation hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise contrary to law, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
Violation
The Member may report any violation of this Agreement to site@toseekmedia.com
All contents of this site are owned by LymphomaInfo.net and To Seek Media. All rights reserved.
More Articles
Lymphoma
Is There Such A Thing As A Benign Lymphoma?
Surviving Lymphoma
The Difference Between Relapsed Lymphoma and Refractory Lymphoma
Surviving Lymphoma
T Cell Lymphoma Survival Rate: Brief Look At The Broad Groups
B-Cell
Testicular Lymphoma: Symptoms, Diagnosis, Prognosis, and Treatment
Lymphoma
The Pathophysiology of Lymphoma: Signs and Symptoms That Are Identified
Non-hodgkins Lymphoma
How is Mesenteric Lymphoma Diagnosed?
T-Cell
T Cell Lymphoma: Causes, Classification, and Diagnosis
Symptoms
Low Lymphoma White Blood Cell Count & Lymphoma Symptoms
More Articles
More Articles
Non-hodgkins Lymphoma
How is Mesenteric Lymphoma Diagnosed?
This entry looks at what is sometimes referred to as mesenteric lymphoma, also referred to as non-Hodgkin's...
T-Cell
T Cell Lymphoma: Causes, Classification, and Diagnosis
In T cell lymphoma, T lymphocytes, which are an essential part of the body's immune response, become malignant. T cell lymphomas account for about...
Symptoms
Low Lymphoma White Blood Cell Count & Lymphoma Symptoms
Lymphoma is a cancer affecting the white blood cells (lymphocytes) of the body's immune system. The cells begin to grow abnormally and much faster...
Chemotherapy
What Is The RICE Cancer Treatment?
RICE is an acronym for an anti-cancer treatment that expresses a combination chemotherapeutic regimen. This regimen is written variously as "R+ICE...
Surviving Lymphoma
B Cell Lymphoma Survival Rate and Life Expectancy: Revised International Prognostic Index
B cell lymphoma is not one disease but a few dozen heterogeneous diseases, or individual cancers, that affect the b...
Mantle Cell
Mantle Cell Lymphoma Life Expectancy Depends On Various Factors
Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) is just one of 50-60 known B-cell subtypes of...
Causes
What Are Some of The Causes of Lymphoma?
What causes lymphoma is not well known. DNA mutations may be what causes lymphoma to develop but what triggers these mutations is...
B-Cell
B-Cell Lymphoma Types: In-Depth List of Lymphoma Classifications
A B cell is a type of lymphocyte that produces antibodies to fight infections. These are the most prevalent lymphocytes in the bloodstream and are...
Prognosis
Stage 4 Hodgkin's Lymphoma Prognosis
Also known as Hodgkin's disease, Hodgkin's lymphoma (HL) is a cancer of the white blood cells, or...
Animals
Lymphoma in Dogs: What Is The Prognosis and Treatment?
Canine lymphoma, just like lymphoma in humans, can be separated into stages,...
Surviving Lymphoma
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma Survival Rate by Stage
This article looks at the Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma survival rate as well as the Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma mortality rate ....
T-Cell
What is T-Cell Lymphoblastic Lymphoma?
T-Cell Lymphoblastic Lymphoma (T-LBL) is a very rare subtype of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. It tends to develop in...
Symptoms
Causes and Treatment of Lymphoma Itching
It's not uncommon for patients with some lymphomas to experience itching (clinically known as pruritus). Lymphoma itching symptoms can range from...
T-Cell
B-cell Lymphoma vs. T-cell Lymphoma: What Are The Differences Between The Two?
In non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, you have your B-cell lymphomas and you have your T-cell lymphomas.
Why B...
Surviving Lymphoma
Maintenance Rituximab Therapy Improves Survival
More Articles
Chemotherapy
What Is The RICE Cancer Treatment?
Surviving Lymphoma
B Cell Lymphoma Survival Rate and Life Expectancy: Revised International Prognostic Index
Mantle Cell
Mantle Cell Lymphoma Life Expectancy Depends On Various Factors
Causes
What Are Some of The Causes of Lymphoma?
B-Cell
B-Cell Lymphoma Types: In-Depth List of Lymphoma Classifications
Prognosis
Stage 4 Hodgkin's Lymphoma Prognosis
Animals
Lymphoma in Dogs: What Is The Prognosis and Treatment?
Surviving Lymphoma
Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma Survival Rate by Stage
Lymphoma
The Pathophysiology of Lymphoma: Signs and Symptoms That Are Identified
Non-hodgkins Lymphoma
How is Mesenteric Lymphoma Diagnosed?
T-Cell
T Cell Lymphoma: Causes, Classification, and Diagnosis
Symptoms
Low Lymphoma White Blood Cell Count & Lymphoma Symptoms
Popular
Lymphoma
Is There Such A Thing As A Benign Lymphoma?
Surviving Lymphoma
The Difference Between Relapsed Lymphoma and Refractory Lymphoma
Surviving Lymphoma
T Cell Lymphoma Survival Rate: Brief Look At The Broad Groups
More Articles
More Articles
B-Cell
Testicular Lymphoma: Symptoms, Diagnosis, Prognosis, and Treatment
Lymphoma
The Pathophysiology of Lymphoma: Signs and Symptoms That Are Identified
Non-hodgkins Lymphoma
How is Mesenteric Lymphoma Diagnosed?
More Articles
More Articles
T-Cell
T Cell Lymphoma: Causes, Classification, and Diagnosis
Symptoms
Low Lymphoma White Blood Cell Count & Lymphoma Symptoms
Chemotherapy
What Is The RICE Cancer Treatment?