http://www.pacificreflexology.com/privacy-notice
Search this site:
Home ›
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://www.pacificreflexology.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We request information from you on our order forms. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address). This information is used for billing and shipping purposes and to fill your orders or registration. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way via Pay Pal.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy
statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (604) 875-8818 or via email.
Home
Reflexology Sessions
About Us
Contact Us
Special EventsIndian Head Massage Course with Susan Allen CANCELLED
Learning ReflexologyReflexology Courses
Course Schedule & Registration
Clinical Foot Reflexology Diploma Program
Course Fee Structure (Discounts)
Reflexology Teacher Training
Find a Reflexologist!
Franchise Opportunities
Blog
About Reflexology
Reflexology Links
Health Links
Privacy Notice
My Reflexology Supply Store
Brochures (1)
Gift Certificate (7)
T-Shirts (1)
Massage Tools & Devices
(1)
Hand/Foot/Ear Charts/Maps (18)
Display Charts (6)
Study Charts (8)
Wallet Charts (4)
Instructional DVD
(6)
Reflexology Practitioner Supplies (5)
Reflexology Models (4)
Returning Customers Login
Username: *
Password: *
Create new account
Request new password
Pacific Reflexology is a member of the Reflexology Association of British Columbia, the Reflexology Association of Canada, the Association of Reflexologists, and, the International Council of Reflexologists.
© Copyright 2019 Pacific Institute of Reflexology. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice