https://www.cebm.net/privacy/
Navigate this website
Home
COVID-19 Evidence
Open Evidence Reviews
Blog
Home
COVID-19 Evidence
Open Evidence Reviews
Blog
Privacy
This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the University of Oxford’s website, and how this information will be used. Please note that this policy applies to the University’s main web pages (i.e. those ending in www.ox.ac.uk).
All colleges, divisions, faculties, departments, schools, centres, academic services, libraries, museums and collections of the University run and maintain their own websites on the ox.ac.uk domain (these will be identified as www.name.ox.ac.uk or name.ox.ac.uk). These sites may carry their own privacy policy or provide additional information relating to their activities, which will supersede or supplement this Privacy Policy. For further information about the structure of the University’s web presence, please see About this site.
If you follow a link to any other website, please check their policies before you submit any personal information to those websites.
Information collected
On some parts of the website, you may be asked to provide some limited personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services (e.g. prospectus ordering, registering with a society, applying for a vacancy etc). The University may store this information manually or electronically. By supplying this information you are consenting to the University holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose.
We may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our webmasters. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to the University by you will only be used for the purposes stated when the information is requested. Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing companies or other such organisations without your permission. Personal information collected and/or processed by the University is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the University’s website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
How we store information collected
Information which you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our secure servers. However, we do work with third party contractors, some of whom host and operate certain features of the website. Accordingly, information that we collect from you may be collected in or transferred to a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). That information may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our contractors. By submitting personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share such information in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property or safety of the University, its members or others.
How we use “cookies”
Most of our web pages use “cookies”. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website.
For more detailed information on the cookies we use on the University’s main web pages (i.e. those ending in www.ox.ac.uk) and the purposes for which we use them, please see our Cookie Statement. Please refer to individual web pages for further information about the use of cookies on other web pages on the ox.ac.uk domain.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you. For further information about this right and how to exercise it, please see the University’s Policy on Data Protection.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
Any queries or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent by email todata.protection@admin.ox.ac.uk or addressed to the Data Protection Office, University of Oxford, University Offices, Wellington Square, Oxford, OX1 2JD.
COOKIE STATEMENT
This statement explains how we use cookies on the University’s main web pages (i.e. those ending inwww.ox.ac.uk). Please note, however, that most units of the University run and maintain their own websites on the ox.ac.uk domain (these will be identified as www.name.ox.ac.uk or name.ox.ac.uk). These sites may carry their own cookie statement or provide additional information relating to their activities, which will supersede or supplement this Cookie Statement.
For further information about the structure of the University’s web presence, please see About this site.
For information about what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the website, and how this information will be used, please see our Privacy Policy.
How we use cookies
Most of our web pages use “cookies”. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website.
Types of cookies we use
We use the following types of cookies:
strictly necessary cookies – these are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies the services you have asked for, like online application forms, cannot be provided;
performance cookies – these cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the website works; and
functionality cookies – these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, these cookies can be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of the web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Specific cookies we use
Cookies may be set either by the University’s website (“first party cookies”), or by a third party website (“third party cookies”). The tables below identify the cookies we use and explain the purposes for which they are used.
Please note that the University’s website is constantly evolving and we continue to review the University’s use of cookies. Accordingly, we may update the information contained in this section from time to time.
First Party Cookies
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Further information
Evidence Live
SESSxxxxx
Stores your browser session
Evidence Live
has_js
Stores whether your browser session has javascript enabled
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Overview of Google Analytics privacy
Third Party Cookies
None
Further information
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visitwww.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visithttp://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Changes to our Cookie Statement
Any changes we may make to our Cookie Statement in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you.
Contact
Any queries or concerns about the use of cookies on this website should be sent by email todata.protection@admin.ox.ac.uk or addressed to the Data Protection Office, University of Oxford, University Offices, Wellington Square, Oxford, OX1 2JD.
TweetShareShare
What’s on
View all