http://www.cplqld.org.au/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are here:
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of everyone we have contact with, including our clients, customers, online users, members, volunteers, beneficiaries, donors and business partners and we are committed to protecting all personal information collected and held by us.
Our Policy
We abide by the Australian Privacy Principles, all state and national privacy legislation and we are open and transparent about our management of your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to everyone that engages with us, other than our employees.
Can I remain anonymous when contacting CPL?
Yes, if you wish you can remain anonymous or you can use another name instead of giving your own name when contacting us, including when you are filling out our online form to get in touch with us. If you do not provide some or all of the personal information we need, we may not be able to provide you the information, either to the same standard or at all, or your treatment may be inaccurate or incomplete.
What types of information does CPL collect?
We usually collect and hold the following types of personal information:  your name, address, gender, date of birth, contact details (and those of your carers, relevant family members and your GP /health care providers) legal information regarding decision making, certain financial information, your areas of interest and if you are a donor, your donation history.
We collect government identifiers (including but not limited to Medicare, Centrelink and Department of Veteran Affairs numbers) and may use these as part of our security check when we speak to you.
We also collect and hold certain sensitive information including health, medical and relevant demographic and social information relating to your service and/or support requirements.
This information can only be collected with your consent. We will only ever collect the minimum amount of sensitive information about you that we actually need in order to provide support and services to you or to respond to your enquiries about our services.
How does CPL collect and hold my personal information?
We collect information about you from our contact with you, this includes telephone enquiries, face to face meetings and the completion of our online form. We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our clients, customers, on-line users and donors. Use of our website is monitored by IP location only (IT Internet stamp) this does not include personal information.
We employ a range of methods to safeguard your personal information from access, use, modification, or release that has not been authorised, and protection generally from any other form of misuse. We use firewalls and password protection on our IT systems with access by authorised staff only. Paper files are secured in locked cabinets with physical access by authorised staff only.
Our staff also use clear desk practices in our offices whenever desks are left unattended, this means that paper files are removed to locked cabinets and computer screens are turned off and locked.
For records no longer current or in use, these may be stored in a secure off-site archiving facility for a period of time as per CPL’s legal and contractual obligations regarding the retention of information.
Will CPL collect information about me from anyone else?
Yes, we do sometimes receive unsolicited information, for example from law enforcement bodies, which is information we have not requested. If we receive unsolicited information about you we will contact you and, if the information is reasonable and necessary for the functions performed by us, we will ask for your consent to collect and hold this information.
If you do not consent to us collecting and holding this information (and provided it is lawful for us to do so) we will destroy or de-identify the information as soon as possible.
Why does CPL collect personal information?
We collect personal information which is necessary in order to perform our functions and activities. These include but are not limited to:
• Provision of direct and indirect services and support to clients and their families, customers and online users;
• CPL corporate administration;
• Distribution of communications to engage our clients and donors to participate in CPL events;
• To engage in direct marketing activities;
• To engage our clients and donors in CPL fundraising activities;
• When required to do so by a government department.
Will you use my photograph, or those of my family members?
We will always ask for your written consent when taking an image and each time we wish to use your image or those of your family members; for example, photos of you taken at a CPL activity or event that we wish to use in our Annual Report or for fundraising purposes, we will contact you to confirm your consent.
Who will keep my personal information up to date?
We ask that you help us to keep your information up-to-date by letting us know promptly about any changes in your circumstances or personal information. Please contact us to ask for any corrections to be made to your information held by us. You can speak directly to your CPL support person or we can be contacted using our free phone number 1800 959 823 (1800 CPL QLD) or by contacting us online at www.cpl.org.au
Who can release my information to?
Your information is collected for the primary purpose of delivering great service and providing support and services for you, your family members and the community.
We will always ask for your consent to release your personal information unless legislation requires or authorises release of your information, for example to a law enforcement body, or where you would reasonably expect that we would release your information for a secondary purpose directly related to the primary purpose, including engagement of existing third parties already providing supports to you as part of a wider Care Team.
We organise a range of community based fundraising campaigns and events Our fundraising includes direct marketing and we may use your personal information to inform you by telephone, post and email of services and supports available in your area, to keep you up-to-date with communications from us that we think you may be interested to receive, as well as invitations to participate in our fundraising events and research.
If you are a donor or a member we will send you communications to keep you in touch with our organisation and our fundraising activities.  At any time you can easily opt out of receiving communications from us, simply let us know using our free phone number 1800 959 823, by contacting us online at www.cpl.org.au or by speaking directly to your CPL support person.
Does CPL send my personal information overseas?
We do not usually send information overseas. Where you request that this is done, we will ask for your consent. Where your information is requested by someone else, we will only release your information overseas with your consent or in the following circumstances:
• In accordance with Australian law; or
• Where it is suspected that unlawful activity or serious misconduct has occurred; or
• To assist in the situation of a reported missing person.
Can I access my personal information?
Generally, you will be able to access your personal information held with us and in the manner you have requested. Please firstly speak directly to your CPL support person who will work through the access process and the relevant timelines with you. Access to your information will only be refused where Privacy legislation or other laws prevent us providing access to you.
If you access your information and require corrections to be made, please contact us using our free phone number 1800 959 823 (1800 CPL QLD) or online at www.cpl.org.au to request this. The corrections will be made as soon as possible, unless we are prevented by law from making the changes.
Where we are not able to provide you with access to your information, we will give you a written notice containing reasons for the refusal and details of how you can complain about this.
What if I have a concern or question about the privacy of my personal information?
Please contact us if you have any concerns, complaints, suggestions or queries regarding your privacy and how we might improve in this area.
We have a dedicated Privacy and Release of Information Complaints Process and this is used by CPL to investigate and resolve any possible breaches of privacy and instances where access to information has been refused. All complaints remain confidential and we aim to contact you within 5 days to discuss your complaint with you.
You will be kept informed of the progress and outcome of our investigation and consulted and involved in the resolution process. If you are not satisfied with the outcome, you can ask for an internal review of the decision by CPL. If you remain unsatisfied, you can refer your complaint to the Office of the Information Commissioner for Queensland. Details of the Information Commissioner’s functions and contact information are available at www.oic.qld.gov.au
Contact us
For further information, please contact us.Make an online enquiry
Phone: 1800 959 823
Post: PO Box 386, Fortitude Valley QLD 4006