http://www.fdiworldental.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
FDI World Dental Federation is committed to safeguarding your privacy. We believe that the best way to protect the privacy of users of any FDI World Dental Federation controlled website or mobile App is to tell you what information we gather and ensure that you understand and consent to FDI World Dental Federation’s uses of the information you provide.
We may occasionally modify this Privacy Policy – you can find the 'Last revision date' at the bottom of the page to know when it was last revised. Updates to the revised Privacy Policy are published automatically on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we use or disclose it. We may let you know via the homepage when this happens but you should check the policy frequently to read the latest Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect
We use technology which allows us to anonimously track visitors to our webpages and mobile Apps. This allows us to understand how you and other visitors use the information which then allows us to improve our work to better suit our audience.
In running and maintaining our website/App, we may collect and process the following data about you:
Anonymous user information about your use of the website/App, including details of your visits such as pages viewed, resources accessed, location of your visit, browser information, etc. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for an FDI newsletter, we'll ask you to provide personal information such as your name, address, employer, etc.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Security
We are committed to using our best efforts to maintaining the security of your personal information. Our servers are privately owned by our organization and not shared with anyone else. We have SSL certificates installed on all our sites and regularly update our platforms with the mandatory security updates. Although we use our best efforts to protect the security of your personal information and our system, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, no transmission via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of this and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit to or through our website/App. Therefore, you assume that risk by using the website/App.
External Links
Although the Mobile App only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this App. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites or Apps. The owners of this Mobile App cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website or App despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this App and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate/engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website uses social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Access to Your Information
Where required under local law, we will, upon request and payment of any fee stipulated by local law, provide you with all the information we hold about you and which we are obliged to disclose to you. In making this request, please contact webmaster@fdiworlddental.org or contact our office and specify that you require disclosure of your personal information. Please note that our website/App only captures aggregate user data and does not collect any personal data.
Do We Share the Information we Receive?
Save as described in this policy, we do not otherwise disclose information about your individual visits to our websites/Apps or information which identifies you to any third parties unless we have your prior consent or unless requested by local regulators and law enforcement officers or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. However, in order to provide an efficient service, certain functions such as hosting, storage fulfilment and disaster recovery are provided by third parties. Where this is the case we will ask those with whom we share data to agree to protect data as FDI World Dental Federation has agreed in this Privacy Policy.
Worldwide Transfer of Your Data
The dynamics of the Internet may mean that information is sent electronically outside of the country where you originally entered the information. In addition, that information may be used, stored and processed outside the country where you entered that information. While there is a risk that countries to which information is transferred will not be subject to an information protection regime as rigorous as that of the EEA, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and adequately protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, if you are resident in the EEA and you do not want your information to be transferred outside of the EEA please do not send us personal data.
Cookies, What About 'Cookies'?
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard-drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to prevent that. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. However, if you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use parts of the Website. If you want to delete any cookies, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
The information generated by the cookies about your use of our website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by our analytics providers on their servers. Analytics providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
On your mobile device our App will save Persistent Data which is a form of cookie, this will only hold game related data such as your score and what level you have progressed to.
Your Consent
You represent and warrant that all information you provide to us shall be truthful and accurate and shall not violate the rights of any third party. By using the Website and Mobile App and submitting information, you consent to: the collection and use of your personal information by us as described above; and the transfer of your personal information to countries outside of the EEA as applicable.
Merger
If FDI World Dental Federation merges with, acquires or is sold to another company or goes into bankruptcy or engages in other such business transactions, we may share files and e-mail records with our business and merger partners.
Online Data
This general Privacy Policy only applies to the collection of data online and not to offline information. This Privacy Policy may be amended or superseded by a specific privacy policy for the collection and use of other data. Where this Privacy Policy is amended or superseded for the collection and use of other data FDI World Dental Federation will draw that amended privacy policy to your attention.
Governing Law
The Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Switzerland.
Need More Information?
If you have any requests or questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact:webmaster@fdiworlddental.orgFDI World Dental Federation
Avenue Louis-Casaï 51
1216 Geneva-Cointrin
SWITZERLAND
Company Information:
Registered name: FDI World Dental FederationRegistered office: Avenue Louis Casaï 51 • 1216 Geneva-Cointrin • SWITZERLANDPlace of registration: Geneva, SwitzerlandRegistered number: CHE-114.838.406
Share it