http://www.flagstaffboneandjoint.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome
About
Privacy Policy
Flagstaff Bone & Joint Orthopaedic, Joint Replacement, and Sports Medicine Surgeons of Flagstaff, Arizona
Flagstaff Bone & Joint Orthopaedic, Joint Replacement, and Sports Medicine Surgeons of Flagstaff, Arizona, are interested in the privacy and safety of our visitors. Our website contains forms through which users may request information or supply feedback to us. In some cases, telephone numbers or return addresses are required so that we can supply requested information to you. We may also track where you go or what you read in our website so that we can supply you with effective follow-up information, but only if you have given us explicit permission to do so by filling out a form that asks you if we may do so.
Notice of Privacy Practices (PDF)
Google Analytics - Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.(“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Disclaimer
Please remember that medical information provided by Flagstaff Bone & Joint Orthopaedic, Joint Replacement, and Sports Medicine Surgeons of Flagstaff, in the absence of a visit with a healthcare professional, must be considered as an educational service only. The information sent through email should not be relied upon as a medical consultation. This mechanism is not designed to replace a physician’s independent judgement about the appropriateness or risks of a procedure for a given patient. We will do our best to provide you with information that will help you make your own health care decisions.
Many external links have been provided on this site as a service and convenience to our patients and other visitors to our website. These external sites are created and maintained by other public and private organizations. We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information.
The latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader is required to view and print PDF files, and it is available here.
About
Careers
News & Events
Patient Reviews
Privacy Policy
Surgical Facility Affiliations
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Online Privacy Policy
Call
Schedule Online
Locations
Bill Pay & Portal