http://www.sacredjourney.net/privacy/
Home
About Us
Fitness
Dental
Child Diseases
Contact
Privacy
Privacy:
Sacred Journey Media ("Sacred Journey Media")
operates http://www.sacredjourney.net and may operate other websites. It
is Sacred Journey Media's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sacred Journey Media collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Sacred Journey Media's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Sacred Journey Media's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Sacred Journey Media may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sacred Journey Media also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.sacredjourney.net
blogs/sites. Sacred Journey Media only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Sacred Journey Media's websites choose to interact
with Sacred Journey Media in ways that require Sacred Journey Media to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Sacred Journey Media gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://www.sacredjourney.net to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Sacred Journey Media are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Sacred Journey Media collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Sacred Journey Media. Sacred Journey Media does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Sacred Journey Media may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Sacred Journey Media may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Sacred Journey Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Sacred Journey Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Sacred Journey Media's behalf or to provide services available
at Sacred Journey Media's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Sacred Journey Media's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Sacred Journey Media will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Sacred Journey Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Sacred Journey Media believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Sacred Journey Media, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Sacred Journey Media website and have supplied your email address, Sacred Journey Media
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Sacred Journey Media and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Sacred Journey Media takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Sacred Journey Media uses cookies to
help Sacred Journey Media identify and track visitors, their usage of Sacred Journey Media
website, and their website access preferences. Sacred Journey Media visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Sacred Journey Media's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Sacred Journey Media's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Sacred Journey Media, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Sacred Journey Media goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Sacred Journey Media may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Sacred Journey Media and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sacred Journey Media may change
its Privacy from time to time, and in Sacred Journey Media's sole
discretion. Sacred Journey Media encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy. If you have a http://www.sacredjourney.net account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
30/06/2016 Mark Figueroa
Recent Posts
Essential Points on Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Helpful Tips on How to Keep Your Dog Healthy and Happy
Considerations When Performing CPR to Your Child
Exercises That Will Help You Gain Proper Posture
Benefits of Using CBD for Cancer
Amazing Health Benefits of Fishing
How to Eat Healthily
Guide 101: Becoming a Group Fitness Instructor
Tips for Choosing Best Dentist to Get Healthy Teeth
The Advantages of a Vegan Diet
Benefits of Vegan Diet
7 Benefits of Vaping
Health Benefits of Kratom
Exercises That Can Improve Your Sex Life
Ear Infection and the Solutions
Benefits of Threadmill Exercise
Benefits of Undergoing Cosmetic Surgery
What to Consider When Applying for a Job Online
Factors To Consider When Looking For An Alcohol Rehabilitation
Benefits of chiropractic care
All You Can Expect From A Chiropractor
The Preferred Breast Augmentation in Sydney
Wrist Tendonitis Symptoms
General Information About Dentists
Choosing A Baby Walker
Guide To Buying A Recumbent Bike
Common reasons for breast augmentation
What does Krill oil do for the body?
Why you should Visit your Dentist Regularly
Meal replacement shakes for weight loss
What are Food Grade Ingredients in Food Manufacturing?
Tips When Looking For The Perfect Dentist
Top Realities Of Freezing Your Eggs
Health Advantages of Inflatable Standups and Paddle Boards
Cost of Outplacement Services
Signs that Show You Need to See an Optician
The major causes of hair loss
4 Reasons You Should Go Mountain Biking For Exercise And Therapy
Types of Services Provided By Professional Dentists
The Best High-Calorie Foods for Muscle Gain
Symptoms Of A Cold In Toddlers
Pages
About Us
Contact
Exercises For Stomach
Privacy
Terms
Follow us
twitter
pinterest
About Us
Contact
Exercises For Stomach
Privacy
Terms