http://www.communityanderson.com/notice-of-privacy-practices
Community Hospital Anderson | Community Health Network
Skip to main content
MyChart Sign In
MyChart
MyChart
Sign In
Register
Username
Forgot Username?
Password
Forgot Password?
To register for MyChart, our patient communication and information system, please choose from the following options:
If you have an activation code from your enrollment letter/provider:
Register with Code
Don't have a code?
Sign Up Here
MyChart Guide
Search
Search (Header)
Menu
Find a Doctor
Careers
Urgent Care
Locations
Billing & Costs
Contact Us
Menu
Health Services
Provider/Employee Login
Classes and Events
Education and Research
About Us
News
Give
Follow Community Health Network
COVID-19: Care Options, Visitor Policies & TestingNeed Care? Call your primary care office for a phone or video visit. Community Virtual Care visits available 24/7. For other care needs, call 317-621-2727 to be directed. Sites are re-opening to serve patients with respiratory vs. non-respiratory symptoms; see location/service updates.
Visitor Policies: Visitation is still limited in locations and care areas. See our COVID-19 FAQ for visitor guidelines and more.
COVID-19 Testing: This test is ONLY available with a provider order. See COVID-19 testing information.
Close
Breadcrumb
Home
Locations
Community Hospital Anderson
Community Hospital Anderson
1515 N. Madison Ave.
Anderson, IN 46011
765-298-4242
Emergency:
765-298-5141
HOURS
Open 24/7
As conditions of the pandemic continue to evolve, Community’s highest priority remains delivering quality care in the safest possible environment. Tightened hospital visitor restrictions are still in place and all visitors will be screened. For visitation details, see our COVID-19 FAQ.
In May 1962, Community Hospital of Anderson and Madison County opened for patient care, thanks to the efforts of the community. The mission of Community Hospital Anderson is to serve the medical, health and human service needs of the people in Anderson, Madison County and contiguous counties with compassion, dignity, respect and excellence. Service, although focused on injury, illness and disease will also embrace prevention, education and alternative systems of healthcare delivery.
At Community Anderson
Community Hospital Anderson offers state-of-the-art services to exceed the needs of our patients. From basic medical services such as the Emergency Department and our New Generations Birth Place, to the support of our breast health specialist and Diabetes Care Center educators, we add that special touch to anticipate your needs before you ask. Our staff makes every effort to provide an effective and efficient healthcare experience.
Visitor Info
6/10/20: Tightened visitor restrictions remain in place and all visitors will be screened. Visitors must wear a mask. For visitation details for specific areas/units, see our COVID-19 FAQ.
Parking
Note: Valet services are temporarily suspended.
Free visitor parking is located east and south of the hospital.
Free valet parking is available at the main entrance Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tips are not required or accepted.
ATM
The ATM is located in the vending area, just inside Café 1515, in the hospital's lower level.
No Smoking
Community Hospital Anderson and its entire campus, including all buildings, offices, parking lots and other areas are tobacco-free environments.
Wireless Internet
Community Hospital Anderson offers free wireless Internet service for patients and family members.
Phone Numbers
Operator
765-298-4242
Patient Representative
765-298-5169
Emergency Department
765-298-5141
Safety
765-298-5699
Questions or Concerns?
At Community Hospital Anderson, we strive to provide excellent quality and compassionate care to all of our customers.
If you have suggestions or questions or concerns about your hospital visit, a patient representative is available at 765-298-5169 Monday - Friday from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The patient representative can also provide information about advance medical directives.
A nursing administrative representative is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by contacting the hospital switchboard at 765-298-4242.
For safety concerns, please call 765-298-5699.
Food and Beverage
Café 15fifteen
Café 15fifteen is located in the lower level of Community Hospital Anderson. It can be accessed from the elevators off of the main entrance. Café 15fifteen serves breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night meals. There is also an Action Station that provides self-served hot food every day. The café offers a variety of hot and cold food options, including pizza, sandwiches, salad bar, fountain drinks and assorted to-go items such as bottled drinks, fruit cups, salads, frozen yogurt, desserts and snacks.
On the Go Espresso
The coffee cart is located in the outpatient lobby, offering a variety of coffees, teas and other drinks.
Vending machines
Vending machines are available 24 hours a day and are located in our Emergency Department lobby and Café 15fifteen entrance.
Café 15fifteen
Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner
Breakfast: 6:30 – 9 a.m.Lunch: 11 a.m. – 1:20 p.m.Afternoon: 2:30 – 4 p.m. (cold foods, salad bar)Dinner: 4 – 7 p.m.
On The Go Espresso
Coffee Shop
Hours: Monday - Friday, 7 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.Delivery Hours: Monday - Friday, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.Phone: 765-298-JAVA
Shopping
Gift Shop
The gift shop is located just inside the hospital's main entrance.
The Comfort Shoppe
The Comfort Shoppe is a breast cancer specialty store. Founded and operated by a breast cancer survivor, the store specializes in bras and breast forms, and also carries unique gift items-mostly in pink! All are welcome. Stop in and browse the relaxing and comforting environment.
Pay My Bill
There are several ways to pay Community Hospital Anderson bills: online, by phone or by mail. To pay by phone, call 765-298-3300. To pay online, click the button below to view options.
Pay Bill Online
Financial Information and Pricing
Financial Assistance
Community Hospital Anderson is committed to offering financial assistance to people who have health care needs and are not able to pay for care. You may be able to get financial assistance if you do not have health insurance or the portion of your bill not covered by insurance is more than you can afford to pay.
Financial assistance is generally determined by a sliding scale of total household income based on the Federal Poverty Level (FPL). If you and/or the responsible party’s family income combined is at or below 200% of the federal poverty guidelines, you may have no financial responsibility for the care given by Community Anderson.
You can find more detailed information below on how to apply for financial assistance or you may call us at 765-298-3300 and ask to speak to someone who can help you apply. We are also available in person at the cashier office in the lower level of the 1601 Building.
Bill Pay Options
Financial Policies
Financial Assistance Policy
Financial Assistance Policy (SPANISH)
Financial Assistance Application
Financial Assistance Application (SPANISH)
Plain Language Summary
Plain Language Summary (SPANISH)
Billing and Collection policy
Billing and Collection policy (SPANISH)
Insurance Enrollment
At Community Hospital Anderson, we have several state licensed navigators available to assist you in enrolling in health insurance. We can answer questions about Medicaid, the Healthy Indiana Plan (HIP) and purchasing insurance on the marketplace. Having health insurance is not only the law, but it allows you to get the health care you need.
The state of Indiana offers a health insurance program for uninsured adult Hoosiers called HIP (Healthy Indiana Plan). The program is sponsored by the state and only requires minimal monthly contributions from the participant. There are other state programs available for children and pregnant women.
If you are worried about paying your hospital bills or if you do not have health insurance, we may be able to help. Please talk to one of our financial counselors about payment options or to see if you qualify for financial assistance with your hospital bill by calling Customer Service at 765-298-3300 or our toll free number at 866-298-3300. We are available Monday through Thursday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. and Friday, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. We are also available in person at the Cashier’s Office (in the lower level of the 1601 building) Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Healthcare Insurance Marketplace
The federal government offers those without health insurance several options through the Health Insurance Marketplace (HIM). The Marketplace can provide coverage for you and your family. To get enrollment assistance at Anderson, call 765-298-3300.
Learn More About HIM
Prices and Cost Estimates
Community wants to help patients understand the cost of their care as well as the financial assistance and payment options that may be available to them. In compliance with federal law, Community Hospital Anderson provides standard chargemaster prices for hospital services and charges grouped by DRG (Diagnosis Related Group). Keep in mind the list price of a hospital service is typically not the amount the patient or their insurance will pay due to many factors including, but not limited to, health insurance, discounts and a patient’s financial need.
Details and Price Lists
If you want to price shop from the privacy of your home, please visit www.mycareINsight.org. This website lets you:
Compare prices of all hospitals in Indiana
Compare quality scores of all hospitals in Indiana
View videos on why healthcare costs so much
A patient may at any time ask a healthcare provider for an estimate of the amount the patient will be charged by the provider and health facility for non-emergency medical services provided in Community facilities. The law requires that the estimate be provided within 5 business days.
If you need a price estimate, please call the Community Health Network Pricing Support Center at 844-786-9503 (toll-free) or 317-355-9279 to start the process. You may also request an estimate online. Reimbursement analysts are available Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. For messages sent after hours or on the weekends you will be contacted within 5 business days. Learn more at eCommunity.com/pricing.
Medicare Patients
If you are over the age of 65, you qualify for health insurance through the government's Medicare program. At Community Hospital Anderson, we understand that Medicare can be confusing for patients and families. We refer patients to the State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP), which provides free guidance for patients about Medicare and other insurance programs for seniors. SHIP representatives are available every Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon at Community Anderson's Education Center, 1923 N. Madison Avenue. For more information, or to schedule an appointment, please call 765-298-2536 or visit https://www.shiptacenter.org.
Support Groups
NOTE: Support groups will not be held in March and April or until further notice.
Alcoholics Anonymous
This is an anonymous support group for alcoholics. For questions, contact Alcoholics Anonymous at 765-644-3212.
Day/Time: Every Friday from 6 to 8 p.m.; Every Sunday from 4:30 to 5:30 p.m.Cost: There is no fee, however, donations are accepted for coffee and supplies.Location: Education Center, 1923 N. Madison Ave, Anderson, IN 46011
ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease) Support Group
This group is for individuals and their families who have been touched by this debilitating neurological disease. Call 765-298-2534 for more information.
Day/Time: First Monday of every month at 12 noonLocation: Holy Trinity Lutheran Church, 900 W. White River Blvd, Muncie, IN 47303
Alzheimer's/Dementia Support Group
This group is designed for caregivers and loved ones of those affected by Alzheimer's disease/dementia. Speakers are provided at the 2 p.m. session. Respite care available at the 2 p.m session only; please call in advance to register. For more information, contact Lori Keith at lori.keith@eCommunity.com or 765-203-2674.
Day/Time: Second Thursday of every month from 9 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4 p.m.Location: Education Center, 1923 N. Madison Ave, Anderson, IN 46011
Breastfeeding Support Group
This is a place for new mothers to share encouragement, concerns and experiences with one another, under the guidance of Community Anderson's lactation consultants. Baby scales and measuring tape are available to monitor your baby's growth. Call 765-298-5424 for more information. More about breastfeeding support >>
Day/Time: Mondays from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. and Fridays from 10:30 a.m. to 12 noonLocation: Education Center, 1923 N. Madison Ave, Anderson, IN 46011
Diabetes Support Group
This group is intended for diabetics and their families and friends to gain resources and support about the condition. Call 765-298-5365 for more information.
Day/Time: First Monday of every month (excluding holidays) from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m.Location: Lower level of 1601 Building on the Community Hospital Anderson campus, 1515 N. Madison Ave, Anderson, IN 46011
Open Arms
This is a support group for mothers and families who have experienced a miscarriage or infant loss. Support groups are ongoing. Stop by any time! There is no registration required. For more information, contact Ruthie Smith at 765-298-5425 or email Ruthie. More about Open Arms >>
Day/Time: Second Thursday of each month at 6 p.m.Location: Education Center, 1923 N. Madison Ave, Anderson, IN 46011
Parkinson's Disease/Stroke Support Group
This group provides information and support for individuals and their families who have been affected by either of these two neurological conditions. Call 765-298-4179 for more information.
Day/Time: First Wednesday of every month from 12 to 1 p.m.Location: Rock Steady Boxing, 182 W. 300 N (Hartman Rd.), Anderson, IN 46011
Volunteering
Our Mission Statement
Community Hospital Anderson volunteers are one of our most valued resources. Volunteering at Community provides personal fulfillment and a deeper connection to your community. Additionally, our volunteers act as ambassadors for our hospital, helping to create and promote understanding of the hospital and its services in our community.
We are always seeking dedicated and enthusiastic individuals to join our team. Our volunteers include students, homemakers and professionals, both currently employed or retired. Many volunteers serve at our Guest Services Desk, gift shop, surgery, Emergency Department, radiology, physical therapy, and in-patient floors. We strive to find a volunteer opportunity that fits your interests and schedule. We want to help you get the most out of your time with us by creating a positive, welcoming environment.
We provide our volunteers with thorough orientation and training.
Auxiliary Benefits
One of the benefits of becoming a volunteer at Community Hospital Anderson is becoming a member of the Auxiliary, our volunteer-staffed organization that raises money for the hospital through fundraisers and other ventures. Auxiliary members have the opportunity to assist with unique and engaging fundraisers or join the auxiliary board of directors to contribute to the organization in a meaningful way.
Other benefits include receiving one free meal per shift in Café 1515, free valet parking, educational opportunities, access to computer stations, leadership opportunities, social opportunities with fellow volunteers and recognition awards, as well as experience in the healthcare field.
Volunteer Shifts
Most volunteer shifts are set in 4-hour increments as follow:
Weekdays: 8:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m.; 12:30 - 4:30 p.m.; 4:30 - 7 p.m.
Weekends: Variable shifts
Minimum schedule requirements: one four (4) hour shift per week. We allow for a set weekly schedule. Additional orientation or training time may be required. Six (6) month minimum volunteer commitment. Letters of recommendation will be written if requirements are met.
Ongoing Volunteer Opportunities
Guest Services
Gift shop
Surgery
Community Health Pavilion Anderson
Emergency room
Physical therapy
X-Ray/Imaging
Medical records
Courier
Cancer center
Employee Health
Pharmacy
Hospital Farm/Gardening
An expanded list of volunteer positions will be provided during orientation.
Volunteer Requirements
Application
Criminal history check
Orientation and training
TB (PPD) skin test completed at the Employee Health Clinic at no cost to the volunteer
Flu shot
Contact Us
If you have questions or would like more information on any of our volunteer opportunities please email lstaehler@eCommunity.com or call 765-298-1020.
Application Forms
Volunteer Application
Please mail your completed application and criminal history check form to the address below:
Community Hospital Anderson
Volunteer Services
1515 N. Madison Avenue
Anderson, IN 46011
MedExpress Transportation Service
Since 1991, Community Anderson has provided a transportation service, MedExpress, for patients who need medical services on our campus. Patients do not need to worry about driving in treacherous weather conditions or relying on friends and family for rides. This service provides an alternative to public transportation or taxis, which can be costly and unreliable. In 2017, MedExpress transported a total of 10,094 patients.
MedExpress has vans equipped with lifts for wheelchairs and serves all of Madison County. If you need assistance to an appointment inside Madison County, between the hours of 8 a.m. and 4 p.m., call 765-298-1111 to schedule a ride. Drivers are limited so call at least 72 hours in advance to check availability. This is a donation based service and access can be limited.
Careers
Thank you for your interest in Community Hospital Anderson. We are delighted that you are considering us as your employment partner. When you join Community Hospital Anderson, you will become part of a family of professionals who deliver the future of healthcare today. In an environment that is as challenging as it is supportive, you will help the members of our community live healthier lives by taking a team-oriented, high-touch, high-quality approach to care. You will have the chance to further develop your skills as you establish relationships with a diverse patient population. Explore careers links below.
Employment Opportunities
Visit eCommunity.com's Careers website to search for job openings in Anderson.
Find Anderson Jobs
Job Shadow Program
We offer opportunities for students and others to shadow our clinical teams. Apply below.
Job Shadow Application
Recognize a Caregiver
Would you like to recognize a Community Hospital Anderson caregiver for their exceptional compassion and caring?
DAISY Award
Nurses at Community Hospital Anderson are honored with the DAISY Award for Extraordinary Nurses. The award is part of the DAISY Foundation's program to recognize the efforts of nurses at Community.
The not-for-profit DAISY Foundation is based in Glen Ellen, CA, and was established by family members in memory of J. Patrick Barnes, who died in 1999 from complications of an auto-immune disease. The care Patrick and his family received from nurses while he was ill inspired this unique means of thanking nurses for making a profound difference in the lives of their patients and patient families.
Anyone can nominate a nurse for a DAISY Award - including patients, families, coworkers, or physicians.
Nominate a Nurse!
Sunflower Award
The Sunflower Award honors non-licensed caregivers who provide outstanding direct patient care and service to our patients and their families. Eligible job categories include patient care technicians, certified surgical techs, student externs, OR assistants and ED techs.
Anyone can nominate a caregiver for a Sunflower Award, including patients, families, coworkers, or physicians.
Nominate a Caregiver!
Find a Doctor
Our Services
Learn more about health services available at Community Hospital Anderson.
Breast Care
Cancer Care - Medical Oncology
Cancer Care - Radiation Oncology
Children's Health
Community Benefit
Digestive Health
Emergency Services
Foundation
Heart and Vascular
Imaging/Radiology
Laboratory
Neuroscience
Orthopedics
Physical Therapy and Rehab
Sleep Disorders
Surgical Services
Women's Care/Maternity
Wound Care
See All Services
Around Community Hospital Anderson
PatientSecure: Digital Patient Identification
PatientSecure is a device that uses the latest biometric technology to provide accurate identification of patients.
Read More
Toll-Free, 24 Hours:
800-777-7775
Live Chat
Follow Community Health Network
Footer
Terms of Use
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Financial Assistance
Provider/Employee Login
Site Feedback