http://www.btoxicfree.com/privacy-policy/
24/7 PHONE 0422 538 801
INTERNATIONAL +61 422 538 801
International Distributor: BTOXICFREE | WORLD-WIDE SHIPPING
Menu
Telomere Testing
Telomere Testing Australia
Smart DNA Testing
Health Topics
Nutrient Deficiencies
Breast Care Shop
Contact Us
Contact form
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.btoxicfree.com. The site is operated on behalf of The Trustee of the Larking Family Trust. Btoxicfree Pty Ltd administered by Katie Larking.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
This site provides a contact form – at https://www.btoxicfree.com/detoxing/contact-us/ – as well as numerous other ways for visitors to contact us. Your email address and other personal information will be retained strictly for the purposes indicated, and you may request at any time to have your information removed from the site database.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
From time to time we may analyze visits or visitor behavior at this site for the sake of improving its design and functionality. This analysis is conducted in an anonymous way, and we do not retain information that would enable us or anyone else to determine what pages any particular users viewed or what other actions they may have taken.
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with anyone without your express consent when you sign up on your own for an offer or notification.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
How we protect your data
The data on this site and access to it are preserved in password-protected computer files. We use strong passwords and utilize continually updated tools to scan the site and its archives for potential security breaches. We do not gather or retain any valuable private personal data such as credit card numbers or government-issued identification numbers.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not make use of or expose user data from 3rd party sources as a part of operating this site.
Need help? contact. Phone +61 422 538 801. WORLD-WIDE Shipping
Complimentary Health Consultation
Book a Free Health Consultation with Dr Curt.
_______________
Search
Awarded Top 10 Australian Health Blog