http://www.amberpharmacy.com/terms-of-use/
Loading...
Referral Forms
Blog
Search
MENU
Specialties (current)
Patients
Providers
Payers
Pharma
Patient Portal
Terms of Use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Amber Specialty Pharmacy’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term Amber Specialty Pharmacy or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 10004 S. 152nd St., Omaha, NE 68138. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Our use of cookies:
Many websites now use “cookies” to provide useful features to their visitors by providing customizable and personalized services. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. For example, a website may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you, your preferences or the pages you last visited.
Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies, or to ask you if you would like to accept or decline a cookie from a particular site before it is set. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the Help section of the toolbar. You should know, however, that if you reject a cookie, certain functions and conveniences of a site may not work properly.
We use cookies on our Services to store and sometimes track visitor information and preferences, including remembering your login information for when you return to our Services.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Medical Disclaimer
The content of this website is intended for informational purposes only and does not constitute professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or recommendations of any kind. Consult a healthcare professional if you have any questions or concerns about your health.
Protected Health Information
Amber Specialty Pharmacy is required by law to maintain the privacy of Protected Health Information (“PHI”) and to provide you with notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to PHI. This notice describes how your medical information may be used or disclosed for the purposes of treatment, payment and health care operation and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Patient Bill of Rights and Responsibilities
Patients have the right to:
Be fully informed in advance about services/care to be provided.
Be treated with dignity, courtesy and respect as a unique individual.
Be able to identify and or ask any company representatives for their name and job title, speak with a pharmacist if requested, and to speak with a manager or supervisor.
Choose a healthcare provider.
Receive information about the scope of care/services that are provided by the company as well as any limitations to the company’s care/service capabilities.
Receive upon request evidence-based practice information for clinical decisions (manufacturer package insert, published practice guidelines, peer-reviewed journals, etc.) including the level of evidence or consensus describing the process for intervention in instances where there is no evidence-based research, conflicting evidence, or no level of evidence.
Coordination and continuity of services from the company, timely response when care, treatment, services and/or equipment is needed or requested and to be informed in a timely manner of impending discharge.
Receive in advance of services being provided, complete verbal or written explanations of expected payments from Medicare or any other third party payer, charges for which you may be responsible, and explanation of all forms you are requested to sign.
Receive quality medications and services that meet or exceed professional and industry standards regardless of race, religion, political belief, sex, social or economic status, age, disease process, DNR status or disability in accordance with physician orders.
Receive medications and services from qualified personnel and to receive instructions and education on safely handling and taking medications.
Receive information regarding your order status. Patients or caregivers can call Amber Specialty Pharmacy at 888.370.1724 and speak with a pharmacy employee.
Participate in decisions concerning the nature and purpose of any technical procedure that will be performed and who will perform it, the possible alternatives and/or risks involved and your right to refuse all or part of the services and to be informed of expected consequences of any such action based on the current body of knowledge.
Confidentiality and privacy of all the information contained in your records and of Protected Health Information (except as otherwise provided for by law or third-party payer contracts) and to only have patient information shared within the Patient Care Management Program in accordance with the law.
If desired, to be referred to other health care providers within an external health care system (ex. Dietician, pain specialist, mental health services, etc.). Patient may also be referred back to their own prescriber for follow up.
Receive information about to whom and when your personal health information was disclosed, as permitted under applicable law and as specified in the company’s policies and procedures.
Express dissatisfaction/concerns/complaints for lack of respect, treatment or service, and to suggest changes in policy, staff or services without discrimination, restraint, reprisal, coercion, or unreasonable interruption of services. Patients or caregivers can call the Company, ask for an employee’s name, job title, and/or speak with an employee’s supervisor, pharmacist, pharmacy manager or Vice President of Pharmacy Operations.
Have concerns/complaints/dissatisfaction about services that are (or fail to be) furnished in a timely manner.
Be informed of any financial relationships of the pharmacy.
Be informed and provided with comprehensive information about the Patient Care Management Program, the philosophy of the Program and the Program services, changes to the Patient Care Management Program, or termination of the Patient Care Management Program.
Be offered assistance with any eligible internal programs that help with patient management services, manufacturer co pay and patient assistance programs, health plan programs (tobacco cessation programs, disease management, pain management, suicide prevention/behavioral health programs).
Be advised of pharmacy number, for after hours as well as normal business hours:
Amber Specialty Pharmacy: (888) 370-1724
Monday through Friday: 7 AM to 7 PM CST; Saturday: 8 AM to 2 PM CST
Be advised of any change in the plan of service before the change is made.
Participate in the development and periodic revision of the plan of care/service.
Receive information in a manner, format and/or language that you understand.
Have family members, as appropriate and as allowed by law, with your permission or the permission of your surrogate decision maker, involved in care, treatment, and/or service decisions.
Be fully informed of your responsibilities.
Have the right to decline participation, revoke consent or disenrollment in any services at any point in time.
To be free from mistreatment, neglect, or verbal, mental, sexual, and physical abuse, including injuries of unknown source, and misappropriation of patient property.
Be informed of patient’s rights under state law to formulate an Advanced Directive, if applicable.
Patients have the Responsibility to:
Adhere to the plan of treatment or service established by your physician and to notify him/her of your participation in the Patient Management Program.
Adhere to company policies and procedures.
Submit any forms necessary to participate in the program, to the extent required by law.
Participate in the development of an effective plan of care/treatment/services.
Participate in the development of an effective plan of care/treatment/services.
Ask questions about your care, treatment and/or services.
Have clarified any instructions provided by company representatives.
Communicate any information, concerns and/or questions related to perceived risks in your services, and unexpected changes in your condition.
Be available to receive medication deliveries and coordinate with the company during times you will be unavailable.
Treat pharmacy personnel with respect and dignity without discrimination as to color, religion, sex, or national or ethnic origin.
Provide a safe environment for the organization’s representatives to provide services.
Use medications according to instructions provided, for the purpose it was prescribed, and only for/on the individual to whom it was prescribed.
Communicate any concerns on ability to follow instructions provided.
Promptly settle unpaid balances except where contrary to federal or state law.
Notify pharmacy of change in prescription or insurance coverage.
Notify pharmacy immediately of address or telephone changes, temporary or permanent.
Customer Information
After-Hour Services:
The normal business number will direct you to a live operator for after-hours emergency questions or situations. A pharmacist will return your call 24 hours/7 days a week. You may leave a message for non-urgent matters or refill requests at the normal business number at any time by following designated prompts.
Complaint Procedure:
You have the right and responsibility to express concerns, complaints or dissatisfaction about services you receive or fail to receive without fear of reprisal, discrimination or unreasonable interruption of services. Call, mail or email the Company and ask to speak with a Pharmacist, Pharmacy Manager or the Vice President of Pharmacy Operations during regular business hours or the company representative if you are calling outside of regular business hours, including weekends and holidays.
The formal grievance procedure of the company ensures that your concerns/complaints will be reviewed and an investigation started within five business days of receipt of the concern/complaint. Every attempt shall be made to resolve all grievances within 14 days. You will be informed in writing of the resolution of the complaint/grievance. If more time is needed to resolve the concern/complaint, you will also be informed verbally and in writing.
If you feel the need to discuss your concerns, dissatisfaction or complaints with a party other than company staff, please file a complaint with the Board of Pharmacy or through the Company’s accreditation organizations – URAC or Accreditation Commission for Healthcare (ACHC).
Contact Information
Complaints can be made by phone, mail or online depending on the state’s specific recommendations. For specific guidelines, check the state’s website.
Nebraska Department of Health & Human Services
Dhhs.ne.gov
402.741.2118
P.O. Box 95026
Lincoln, NE 68509-5026
Texas State Board of Pharmacy
pharmacy.texas.gov
512-305-8000
William P. Hobby Building
333 Guadalupe Street, Suite 3-600
Austin, TX 78701
Pennsylvania Department of State
doscomplaintform.state.pa.us
Complaint must be completed online
Professional Compliance Office
Department of State
PO Box 2649, Harrisburg, PA 17105
Illinois Department of Financial & Professional Regulation
www.idfpr.com
Complaint must be completed online
312-814-4500
Chicago Office
100 West Randolph, 9th Floor
Chicago, IL 60601
Accreditation Commission for Healthcare
www.achc.org
855.937.2242
URAC
urac.org
202.216.9006
Our website uses cookies to provide useful features to their visitors by providing customizable and personalized services. By continuing you agree to our Terms of Use.
Continue
Contact Us