https://www.rxschool.com/Outside/policies.cfm
After almost a decade of helping Pharmacists and Pharmacy Technicians meet your Continuing Education (CE) needs, RxSchool.com will be closing down on December 1, 2020.
Our customers will be able to register and complete courses and live webinars through November 30, 2020. CE credits will be available 60 days from your last date of course completion and evaluation. We encourage you to complete CE evaluations at your earliest opportunity to avoid disruption to CPE Monitor and CE Broker reporting.
We have truly enjoyed serving our RxSchool.com community. Feel free to email us at info@rxschool.com with any questions you might have.
Club Staffing, our partner website, will continue welcoming our customers who are looking to find the right pharmacy jobs for their career.
Home |
Catalog |
About Us |
Search Pharmacy Jobs |
Help
New User? Register Here
Continuing Education Policies and Procedures
About Us |
Privacy |
Policies and Procedures |
Testimonials |
Contact Us
Registration
By registering with RxSchool you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policies. RxSchool also provides you with a free CE and licensure management profile which automatically tracks all CE that you complete at RxSchool according to date and credit hours earned.
Also, you can manually enter CE credits that you earn outside of RxSchool and store them for free in your RxSchool management profile. Only register at RxSchool once so your CE is tracked and stored correctly in your management profile.
Printing Your Certificates
Congratulations!
You've passed a continuing education course.
Now you can print Statement of Completion and review the results of your self-assessment to discover which questions you missed, if any.
Prior to printing your Statement of Completion, you may be asked to complete a short survey that will help RxSchool ensure that our courses are useful to you.
In order to reduce fraud, RxSchool does not make its Statements of Credit viewable on-screen.
You can only print out the original once - any other time you print your Statement of Completion, it will say "DUPLICATE".
Refund Policy
Live CE / Events
Full refunds of paid amounts will be issued for cancellations made more than 24 hours prior to the scheduled time of the event and should be requested by submitting an email to info@rxschool.com. Any cancellations after that time will forfeit their registration fees. Coupons and Promotional Codes will be factored in the return of paid amounts for all courses.
Distance CE / Courses
Full refunds will be issued for courses that have not been started by the student at the time of the request. Refund requests may be made by submitting an email to info@rxschool.com. Once a course has been started, a user cannot receive a discount for a paid course. No refunds will be offered to users whom have received credit for the course. Coupons and Promotional Codes will be factored in the return of paid amounts for all courses.
Grievance Policy
A participant, sponsor, faculty member or other individual wanting to file a grievance with respect to any program sponsored or co-sponsored by RxSchool
may contact the Clinical Education Director in writing. This may be mailed to RxSchool, 12400 High Bluff Drive, San Diego CA 92130. Grievance issues may
include but are not limited to: course content, statements of credit, contact information, and payment terms or refunds. The complainant must provide the
following information: name, address, telephone number, his/her profession; title of CE course; explanation of the reason for the complaint/grievance.
The grievance will be reviewed by the Clinical Education Director and a written response will be issued to the complainant within 30 days of receipt of
the complaint. If the complainant is not satisfied with the suggested resolution, the complainant may appeal to the Continuing Education Review Committee.
The Committee, consisting of the Clinical Education Director, the Director of Education and the Chief Clinical Officer, will review the history of the
complaint, the suggested resolution, the reason why complainant is not satisfied and render a final majority decision on the matter. The complainant will
be notified of the Committee’s decision in writing within 30 days. If the complainant is not satisfied with the decision of the Committee, the matter will
be referred to legal counsel for an opinion and suggested resolution.
Home |
About Us |
Courses |
Continuing Education |
Help |
Contact Us
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 RxSchool - All rights reserved.
Nursing CE
Privacy Policy |
Ad & Cookie Policy |
Policies and Procedures |
Terms and Conditions of Service
866-960-5334