https://www.sendlovetoday.org/privacy-policy/
Send Love TodayA Nonprofit providing emotional support to brain tumor patients and their familiesHome
Receive Cards
Volunteer
Donate
In Memory of Stacy
Memorials
Profiles in Courage
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Send Love Today is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. The following privacy statement discloses and describes our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Notice and Disclosure
In general, you may visit this website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Some portions of this website may require you to give us personally identifiable information, which is information that enables us to identify you, such as your name, email or other address. If you opt to provide us that sort of information, we also may use it for purposes such as verifying your identity, sending you information or contacting you. For certain programs, we may make your information available to our business partners for marketing and other purposes for which you have explicitly requested.
Choice/Opt-Out
We intend to inform you before we collect personally identifiable information, and tell you what we intend to do with it. You will have the option of not providing the information in which case you may still be able to access other portions of this website, although you may not be able to access certain programs or services. In certain portions of this website, we may also enable you to “opt out” of certain uses of your information or elect not to receive future communications or services.
Data Security
Send Love Today intends to strictly protect the security of your personal information; honor your choice for its intended use; and carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online, including the use of encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
Data Quality and Access
Send Love Today strives to keep your information and data accurate, complete and current. We will promptly correct any inaccuracies in your personally identifiable information of which we are made aware.
Business Relationships
This website contains links to other websites. Send Love Today is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies
Portions of this website may use cookies to keep track of your visit, or to deliver content specific to your interests. A “cookie” is a small amount of data transferred to your browser and read by the Web server that placed it there. It works as a sort of library card, recording your preferences and previously entered information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to accept or reject it.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy statement or practices, please contact us via email at linda@sendlovetoday.org with the words “PRIVACY POLICY” in the subject line.
Send Love Today reserves the right to modify or update this privacy statement at any time without prior notice.
Join Our Program
To Receive Cards
To Send Cards
Other Ways to Help
Support Our Program
Monetary Donations
Supply Donations
Apparel & Accessories
Like Us on Facebook
About Us
About Send Love Today
Our History
What We Do
News and Events
Resources
Tumors and Treatment
Financial & Other Support
Blog
Send Love Today Apparel is Now AvailableHelp Brain Cancer Victims and their Families with Send Love Today Apparel
Berea, Ohio April 30, … [Read More...]
Blog to help volunteers with ideasSend Love Today’s New Blog Helps Volunteers Support Those Struggling with Brain Tumors
Berea, Ohio … [Read More...]
Copyright © 2020 | PO Box 528 | Berea, Ohio 44017 | 440.239.7703 | 800.716.7703 | Privacy | Site Terms | Contact Us