http://www.giveblood.org/privacy-policy
Personal Health Information Privacy Program | Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Linked In
Instagram
Pinterest
Snapchat
CFL Express
Donor Log In
Coordinator Log In
Close Menu
Where To Donate
Where To Donate
Find a Location to Donate
Neighborhood Donor Centers
Mobile Drives
By Date
By City
Commit for Life
Commit for Life
Commit for Life
Program FAQs
As a Donor
Milestone Mugs
Donor Point System
Antibody Testing
Wellness
As a Group
Tips for a Successful Blood Drive
Replenishment Blood Drives
High School Program
Commit for Life Scholarship
Virtual Blood Drive
As a Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Orientation Registration
As an Employee
Captain Life Force
Digital Donor App
CellularLifeSolutions
What is BioLinked?
Cellular Life Solutions Donor Rewards
COVID Plasma Toolkit
About Donating
About Donating
Why Donate?
Donation Types
Whole Blood Donations
Automated Donations
Autologous and Directed Donations
Convalescent Plasma
Therapeutic Phlebotomy
What to Expect
Parental Consent Form
Iron Information
Who Can Donate Blood?
About Us
About Us
About Us
Newsroom
Committed Hearts
Media Contacts
Brand Guide
Our Logos
Our Colors
Employment
Employment Benefits
Executive Staff
Contact Us
Behind the Scenes
Financial Contributions
GuideStar
Client Services
FAQ
FAQ
Questions about Donating
Can I Donate If…?
Questions about the Commit for Life Program
Additional Questions
Autologous, Directed and Therapeutic Questions
Questions about Blood Center Operations
Education
Education
Lecture Series
2019 Bill T. Teague Lectureship
2020 Bill T. Teague Lectureship
JOBS
Home
/
Personal Health Information Privacy Program
Personal Health Information Privacy Program
This Privacy Program explains how your personal health information may be used and disclosed. Please review it carefully
Purpose: The Blood Center collects certain personal health information when you donate blood. This information isnecessary for identification purposes, safeguarding the blood supply, recruitment, matching blood donorswith recipients, testing and follow-up activities, and other donation-related activities that may benecessary for medical purposes or required by law. Although The Blood Center is not a HIPAA coveredentity, we respect the confidentiality of your health information, subject to the necessary uses describedherein, and will protect the privacy of your information to the best of our ability and to the extent requiredby law.This program describes our privacy practices and explains how we use and maintain your healthinformation to ensure the adequacy and safety of the blood you so generously donate to patients in need.
How The Blood Center May Use Personal Health Information
We may use your personal health information for the following purposes and in the following ways:
To send you appointment reminders.
To schedule your next donation or to contact you with a request to donate blood.
To notify a volunteer donor chairperson (if you participate in a company campaign) for purposes of scheduling donations (i.e. name, blood type, phone number), or for contacting you if there is an urgent need for your blood type.
To provide information to a disaster relief agency, if you are involved in a disaster relief effort.
To prevent a serious threat to health or safety.
To share information with health care providers involved in your treatment. For example, we may share information about your test results with your physician, if you are an autologous donor (you are giving blood for your own use), you are giving blood for therapeutic treatment, or you are undergoing a therapeutic apheresis procedure.
To conduct internal operations, including, but not limited to, quality control, quality improvement, training, employee evaluations, attorneys and insurers for professional liability or risk management purposes, or licensing or accreditation.
To conduct business operations through business associates, for example, to install a new computer system requiring technicians to have access to records.
In the event you experience a medical emergency, we may notify a family member or other responsible person of the medical emergency and provide information necessary to make treatment decisions. For example, if you have an adverse reaction to a blood donation, we may need to explain what happened and instructions regarding your care to a person driving you home or to receive medical care.
Under limited circumstances, we may use and disclose medical information for research purposes. All research projects are subject to an approval process, and we generally ask for your written authorization before using your personal health information for research purposes.
As permitted or required by law. For example,
Texas law permits blood banks to share certain information for the safety of the blood supply and for public health activities, including, but not limited to, other blood banks, state agencies for donor safety, disease prevention, injury or disability, reporting deaths, reporting reactions, product problems, notification of recalls, and infectious disease control.
Health oversight activities by governmental or accrediting agencies, for example, audits, inspections, investigations and licensure.
Judicial process related to lawsuits and disputes.
Law enforcement activities, for instance, in response to a court order or other legal process.
To military command authorities if you are a member of the armed forces or a member of a foreign military authority.
National security and intelligence activities.
Protection of the President, other authorized persons, or foreign heads of state, or to conduct special investigations.
Notifying the National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP), if you have consented to participate in the
NMDP.
Fundraising activities by The Blood Center, but such information will be limited to your name,
address, and phone number. You will have an opportunity to refuse to receive these
communications.
Informing you of a community need for additional blood and encouraging you to continue to be a
blood donor.
The Blood Center may electronically use or disclose your personal information for one or more of the ways or purposes above.
Your Authorization Is Required for Other Disclosures. Except as described above and as permitted or required by law, we will not use or disclose your personal health information unless you authorize us in writing to disclose the information for the purpose you authorize. You may revoke your authorization by written letter, which will be effective only after the date of your written revocation.
You Have Options Regarding Your Health Information. You may request special confidentiality protections regarding your personal health information by writtenletter; however, there may be some requests that we cannot accommodate.
Confidential Communications. You may request communications in a certain way (for example,telephone or email) or at a certain location, but you must specify how or where you wish to be contacted.
Copy of Personal Health Information Record. You may request in writing a copy of the recordcontaining your personal health information. We may require you to provide proof of identity and charge afee for copying, mailing and supplies.
Additional Data We CollectThe Blood Center collects additional data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences withour services. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Digital Donor account, orcontact us for customer service. We get some of it by recording how you interact with our services by, forexample, using technologies like cookies.The data we collect depends on the services and features you use, and includes the following:
Name and contact data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data. We collect data about you such as your age and gender.
Payment data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make a payment or financial donation, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number).
Usage data. We collect data about how you interact with our services. This includes data, such as the features you use, the items you purchase from the Commit for Life Store, and the web pages you visit. This also includes data about your device and the network you use to connect to our services, including IP address, operating system, and web browser used.
How to Access and Control Your Personal DataYou can view or edit your personal data online within Digital Donor and/or Digital Coordinator. You canalso contact The Blood Center by using our Customer Service web form, email address, or phonenumber. We will respond to requests to within one regular business day.
Your Communications PreferencesYou can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from The Blood Center byemail, text, postal mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or text from us and would like toopt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about thereceipt of promotional email, text, postal mail, and telephone calls by signing into Digital Donor, whichallows you to update contact information and manage contact preferences. If you do not have a DigitalDonor account, you can manage your contact preferences by contacting Customer Service. Thesechoices do not apply to some communications that are part of certain required notification services, or toconfirmations or transaction receipts.
Our Use of CookiesThe Blood Center uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) to provide our services and helpcollect data. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifiesyour computer, but it can contain other information as well. We use cookies for several purposes,including:
Sign-in and Authentication. When you sign into a site using your Digital Donor account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page.
Analytics. In order to provide our services, we use cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics.
Security of Personal DataThe Blood Center is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety ofsecurity technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, useor disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that havelimited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a creditcard number or password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption.
Changes to This Privacy ProgramThe Blood Center may change this Privacy Program, and these changes will be effective with regard toexisting health information, additional data, as well as any information we receive in the future.At your request, we will provide you with a printed copy of this Privacy Program.
Complaints
If you believe your privacy has been violated, you may file a complaint with The Blood Center on ourconfidential compliance and privacy hotline at 1(877) 874-8420. You will not be penalized or retaliatedagainst in any way for making a complaint to The Blood Center.
Contact
Send an email to privacy@giveblood.org if you wish to discuss a complaint, review your personal information collected, request corrections to that information, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Program. Written requests can be mailed to Privacy Program, Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center, 1400 La Concha Lane, Houston, Texas 77054.
Blood Center News
Blood donors help 3-year-old fight cancer
At 3 years old, Layla is a princess. She loves everything pink, has a big, beautiful smile and a wonderful sense of humor.
Your blood can help advance medical care
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center is working with a biotech company by providing mononuclear cells (also called T-cells or white blood cells) for work on COVID-19 and leukemia. That means you, me, or someone we know can contribute to groundbreaking work that could save countless lives.
We knew y'all weren't mad
Nearly 500 people have been unable to give blood at Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center this year because they were considered “at risk” for variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. However, many now may be eligible to donate and save lives after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced in April it was loosening some of its regulations.
Phlebotomist fights cancer
A phlebotomist at the Blood Center East Texas currently battling cancer, Fernando Ibarra is a hero in more ways than one. He’s worked for Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center just half a year, but his passion for our mission goes deeper than any typical job.
Be the Match: Another way to save lives
Briana was a senior in high school and had been accepted to the University of Texas when she received a medical diagnosis that changed everything. While most high school seniors were preparing to go off to college, Briana was fighting for her life against a rare blood disorder, called severe aplastic anemia.
Donors recovered from COVID-19 are helping others
The response from people who have overcome COVID-19 to Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center’s call for convalescent plasma has been amazing. We’ve seen a number of donors step up to help patients fighting the disease in local hospitals, and it’s beautiful to see our community come together for such an important reason.
How to prepare for your next blood donation
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center is open by appointment only right now, and we want to make sure you’re in tip-top shape to give when you come in to see us. Good nutrition and a healthy lifestyle can help you save lives, so take advantage of these tips before your next opportunity to give blood.
‘Superhero medicine’ and blood donors help save Owen’s life
Sarah was celebrating her son’s fourth birthday in 2018 when she had to excuse herself. While she had the video camera pointed at her young son’s face, Sarah couldn’t help thinking this birthday might be his last.
Owen was battling brain cancer for the second time.
Two years later, birthdays have become extra special at the Langston household.
Give Texas
This year on Feb. 26, we honor Dr. Reiss and her legacy through the first-ever Texas Bone Marrow, Blood, and Organ Donation Registry Day, established through the work of State Rep. Gene Wu and passed into law last year.
Blood drives and homemade cookies save lives
The Blood Center depends on the passion of thousands of organizations across the Gulf Coast region to help us save lives. We need 800–1,000 donations a day to serve all of the patients in our community, and we couldn’t do it without businesses, high schools, colleges, churches and a slew of other organizations that work with us.
Give the gift of platelets
It’s the most wonderful time of the year … to donate platelets! We have an urgent need for blood and platelet donations during the holidays, and blood donation is a great way for blood donors to spread Christmas cheer.
What type of blood donation works for you?
Whole blood, platelets, red blood cells or plasma — you’ve got options when it comes to saving lives, and each donation has its benefits.
Lone Star Circle of Life
Cole was one of several organ, stem cell and blood donors and recipients honored in the 2019 Lone Star Circle of Life Bike Tour. Fewer than 12 cyclists are chosen to participate in the biennial event, which lasts about a week. The tour stretched from Tyler to Waco to College Station to Katy to Victoria before ending in Corpus Christi.
League of Heroes: Heal for Real appeals to gamers
I think it’s safe to say nobody was more psyched than Lance when The Blood Center partnered with Team Liquid for the Heal for Real campaign. Team Liquid is an international esports organization with more a fanbase of more than 7 million people. The campaign is aimed at the gamer community because healers can be a big part of winning attacks.
Elephants need blood, too
At The Blood Center, we're all about saving lives — human or otherwise.  So it was a big deal to hear that we had a small part in helping save the life of a baby elephant named Joy. Joy is an Asian elephant, a species classified as endangered with only an estimated 40,000 left in the world.
What if this is the one that helps cure cancer?
Today I want to introduce you to Anne, a component technician responsible for separating blood into its different components.
Be safe, healthy and well
Our blood donors are the best. That’s why we do everything we can to make sure they are safe and comfortable every time they come in to save lives. To truly have the best experience, though, donors should be prepared.
Are You All In?
Some people get starstruck when meeting famous actors, while others want athletes to sign their memorabilia. My coworkers and I get excited when we get to meet real-life superheroes — people give their time because they believe they must help others if given the opportunity.
5 reasons blood donors are the best
The generous spirit of our donors amazes me. There are countless ways to give back to your community, especially in this technological age. Google “ways to give back in the Houston area” and you’ll find long lists of the needs in society. It’s, quite frankly, overwhelming. But you, you’ve waded through all of that information to find the most selfless way to support the people around you.
Why do you give blood?
Twelve students at the Thurgood Marshal School of Law already had signed up to give blood just one hour into their blood drive. It was amazing to see the heart of this high-achieving group taking time out of their studies with just weeks left in the semester to think about others.
Becoming Wonder Woman
I am an unashamed fan of Wonder Woman. Family members reminisced about how I used to wrap a towel around my neck and run around the house singing the “Woman Woman” theme song. (No, that wasn’t a typo. My ability to get song lyrics wrong was apparent even at the young ages of 3 and 4.)
You are powerful
Do you have any idea of the unbelievable power you have?
I was excited last summer to meet Shelley and her daughter, Courtney. The two were full of laughter and fun when Shelley came into our office for a photo shoot. Shelley is one of our long-time dedicated donors. She’s got that kind of giving spirit, and we were thrilled to capture a few photos of her.
Netflix and save lives like a hero: Top 5 movie recommendations
I don’t know about you, but I’m ready to help save more lives than ever in 2019. But those automated donations can take anywhere from an hour to an hour and a half. Mine, in particular, lean more toward the hour-and-a-half territory. What’s a girl to do? Watch Netflix movies and donate. And because I’m so thankful for your willingness to help us save lives, here are my top five recommendations for January.
Have you given a Holiday Hug?
One of the best parts of the Holiday Hugs tradition is reading the notes our donors write for patients in the hospital over the holidays. It’s not an easy task as each patient has his or her own individual circumstance, so we’re restricted in which cards we tie to each bear. Still, many of our donors are well up to the task.
Every day, someone’s life is being saved.
By Tammie Riley
I learned something the other day. Every day, someone’s life is being saved. I know that seems obvious, but let that sink in. What may be a normal Thursday for most could be something completely different for someone else. And that’s exactly what happened to donor Gary Gilson. Aug. 16 was one of the most important moments in Gary’s life. Not only did he save lives that day, but someone else saved the life of his loved one, as well.
Hospital tour highlights need
A 3-year-old girl lies in a hospital bed in the middle of the room with monitors attached to her bare chest. She’s awake, but she doesn’t lift her head as we walk into the room. Still, she follows us with her eyes. The only sound we hear from her is a small cough while a nurse comes in to check her stats.
The Blood Center teams up with Sickle Cell Association of Houston
Blood transfusion is one treatment used to combat complications from sickle cell disease, a form of anemia most likely to affect people of African descent. Prince and her now 27-year-old daughter, Quannecia McCruse, founded the Sickle Cell Association of Houston years ago to educate and provide resources to the community.
Drive and save lives
Penny, a local teacher with some free time over the summer, has helped us kick off our new Volunteer Driver program. Are you interested in joining us in our mission to save lives? Call us at (713) 791-6262 or email volunteering@giveblood.org.
Overcoming fear: Donating blood for the first time
I’m a scaredy-cat. I readily admit it. I hate needles. That’s always been my excuse for why I don’t volunteer for anything with a needle. Flu shot? No way. Vaccines? I still remember the sheer terror I felt from them growing up.
We are always #HoustonStrong
We never know when the next tragedy will strike, but we have to be ready when it does come.
Meet Eden
CYPRESS – There is nothing more American than baseball and saving lives. Everyone who participates in The Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center’s Home Run for Life competition will get a chance at both through June 30.
SuperMax is the hero Houston needs!
Max was born with a genetic disorder (neurofibromatosis type 1) that can cause tumors to grow on his nerve endings, and SuperMax has been his alter ego ever since.
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center mourns Barbara Bush
Barbara Bush helped save lives in our community, and we celebrate her lifetime of accomplishments. The former First Lady set the bar high in her commitment to helping others.
Dr. Charles Drew: A Blood Banking Pioneer
Here at The Blood Center, we pride ourselves on being an organization of diversity. We work together to save and sustain lives, and we each bring a unique perspective when it comes to fulfilling our mission.
Tying the knot and saving lives
Hurricane Harvey destroyed homes, cars and many other things, but one thing it couldn’t destroy is the compassion for others in newlywed couple Gilbert and Stefanie Cruz. Gilbert and Stefanie were set to get married just a few days after Harvey passed, but due the storm’s aftermath they had to alter all of their plans on a moment’s notice.
Blood on ambulances helps EMS agencies save more lives
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center has partnered with two local agencies providing emergency medical services to help save more lives when time is of the essence, now administering whole blood to patients on the ground.
Donor coaches hit the road sporting new look, features
In the last two years, five of The Blood Center's donor coaches have been refurbished. Find out why this is such an important process.
Circle of Life Bike Tour celebrates life
The Lone Star Circle of Life bike tour visits Texas cities to raise awareness of the need for blood, marrow, organ and tissue donations to honor those impacted by these donation types. This year’s eight-day, 600-mile tour included stops in Houston and College Station.
123
Tweets by @commitforlife
Blood Center Resources
Our mission is to partner with the community to help save and sustain lives by providing a safe supply of blood, biotherapies, and related services.
Be The Match
Education
Customer Connect
Contact Us
Services
Privacy Policy
Employee Portal
Site Map
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center
1400 La Concha Lane
Houston, TX 77054
©
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center - Houston, Texas. All rights reserved. Powered by ContentActive