http://www.deakin.edu.au/students/help/about-clouddeakin/faq
Enrolment, fees and money
Enrolment, fees and money
Enrolment
Before you enrol
Plan your course
Course maps
How to enrol
Enrolment codes and terminology
After you've enrolled
Re-enrol for next year
Change your enrolment details
Course transfer
Intermit or discontinue
Change your personal details
Rule breaches
Majors, minors and specialisations
Electives
STAR
Apply for cross-institutional study
Rights and Responsibilities
Information privacy for students
Articulation
University Handbook
2021 Handbook
2020 Handbook
2019 Handbook
Archived Handbooks
Archived Unit Guides
Fees
Scholarships
Scholarship payments
Intermitting your scholarship
FAQ
Important dates and census
Financial Assistance
Student loans
Natural disaster grants
Rural Clinical Support Scheme (Nursing and Allied Health)
Rural Clinical Support Scheme (Medicine)
WIL Student Support Scheme
Managing expenses
Centrelink approved courses for postgraduate students
Deakin Card
Your Deakin Card
Top up your Deakin Card
Letter requests and documentation
Academic documents
Insurance
Private Travel Insurance Policy
Personal Accident Insurance for students
Insurance for students on placements or work experience
Studying
Studying
Assessment and results
Result release
Results FAQ
Results key
Academic progress
Student integrity
Assignments
Exam timetables
General exam information
Campus based exams
Change Cloud campus unit exam location
Cloud Campus unit exams
Special consideration
Weighted Average Mark
Study support
Academic skills
HDR
Referencing
English for Uni
Masters by Coursework
Appointments
Students Helping Students
Academic Study
Getting Started and Orientation
Social Connections
DUELI and Deakin College
Become a mentor
SHS Contact Us
Get Started
NIKERI Institute
IAS
HDR
Graduates
Institute Staff
Exams
Student support
Timetables
International students
Enrolment Conditions for your Student Visa
Compliance and Visas
DUELI Independent learning centre
School Age Children
Deakin Abroad
Global Citizenship Program
Trimester Abroad
Short Term Partner Programs
Global Experiential Learning
New Colombo Plan
Faculty-led Study Programs
Information sessions
Costs and funding opportunities
Pre-Departure Sessions
International SOS
FAQs
Contact us
Awards and recognition
Vice-Chancellor’s Prize
VC's Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Uni Life
Vice-Chancellor's Medal for Recognising Excellence
Vice Chancellor's Award for Outstanding Achievement
Research prizes, awards and medals
Alfred Deakin Medal
Your Campus
Your Campus
Accommodation
Warrnambool
Geelong
Burwood
Geelong Waterfront
DRS Awards
Cloud campus
Get to Deakin
Active transport
Flexicar
Deakin bus services
Carpooling
Public Transport
Locations
Parking
Parking Fees and Charges
Infrastructure and Property Group
Room bookings
Timetable
Work request
Contractor Portal
Bulletin Board
IPG Feedback
Organisational Sustainability
A-Z Waste Disposal
Sustainability Information
Sustainability case studies
Get Involved
Sustainability Initiatives
Living Labs at Deakin
Student Lockers
Get Involved
Get Involved
Elite Athlete Program Profiles
Become a Peer Leader
DeakinACTIVE
DUSA
Health and Wellbeing
Health and Wellbeing
Medical Centres
Vaccinations
Campus Information
Online Booking
Physiotherapy
Travel Health
Health and Wellness Services
Safer Community
About Safer Community
Building a respectful community
Report a concern
Sexual harm disclosure
Multifaith Chaplains
Places of worship
Contact a chaplain
Our Chaplains
Disability Support
Who can use services?
Types of support
Request support
Working with DRC
Campus access
Disability Action Plan
Access Plans
Disability information for staff
Counselling
Topics to explore
About our service
Navigate
Respect. Now. Always.
Occupational Health and Safety
Health and wellbeing
Employee Assistance Program
ChemWatch
Checklists and forms
Accident and hazard reporting
Deakin LGBTIQ+ Staff and Students
LGBTIQ+ Discrimination and Complaints
LGBTIQ+ Inclusive Practices Guide
LGBTIQ+ support and resources
LGBTIQ+ Community
LGBTIQ+ Allies
LGBTIQ+ training
LGBTIQ+ international students
Intersex and diverse genders
LGBTIQ+ Working at Deakin
Sport and Recreation
Safety and Security
Safety and Security
Safety tips when out and about
Safety tips when on campus
Safer Community
About Safer Community
Building a respectful community
Report a concern
Sexual harm disclosure
SafeZone
Building Access
Building Access FAQ
DeakinTALENT
Faculties
Faculties
Faculty of Arts and Education
Enrolment
Assessment extensions
Peer mentoring
Work Integrated Learning
Academic Progress
Research
Faculty of Business and Law
International study opportunities (Intensive program)
MMM276 Intensive Program T3 2020 EOI Form
Intensive Units
Study abroad
BL Abroad
Student Support
Enhance your study
Research
Contact us
Deakin Bowater Business Challenge
EOI for visiting academics
Exchange Tracking Faculty of Business and Law
International opportunities
Work Integrated Learning (WIL)
Faculty of Health
School of Nursing and Midwifery
School of Health and Social Development
Student Support
Research
School of Exercise and Nutrition Sciences
School of Medicine
School of Psychology
International Study Opportunities
Work Integrated Learning
SEATS
Faculty of SEBE
Enrolment and course maps
Work Integrated Learning
Peer Support Network
Global Scholars
Global experiences and placements
Health and Safety
Research students
Architecture and Built Environment students
Engineering students
IT students
Life and Environmental Sciences students
Research
Research
PhD Xtra
Induction and Candidature
Induction
Completing your Candidature Engagement Form
Supervision
What is confirmation?
Changes to candidature
Candidature Frequently Asked Questions
Annual review
Annual Review - FAQs for supervisors
Publishing
Online forms
Course content
Research Support and Scholarships
Support
eResearch
Your thesis and examinations
Thesis structure options
HDR Examinations
Examination outcomes
Creative work examinations
Advice on writing your thesis
Examination procedures
Forms and guidelines
Policies and Procedures
Intellectual property
Grievances and problems
Forms and guidelines
Training and workshops
HDR contacts
Dean of Students
Dean of Students
Student Complaints
Student Conduct
Student Appeals
Appeal your decision
Help
Help
IT Help
ICT standards
Exam assessment banner Pink
Exam assessment banner Blue
Student Central
Evaluations and Surveys
eVALUate FAQ
eVALUate: You said, we did
Emergency and crisis information
Suicide intervention
Mental illness
Medical emergency
First Aiders
First aid and medical emergencies
Emergency policies
Critical incidents and trauma
About CloudDeakin
Browser Settings
FAQ
Help with CloudDeakin
CloudDeakin Guides
Making payments
Contact us
Library
DeakinSync
Contact
Help
Home
Home
Students
Help
About CloudDeakin
FAQ
FAQ
CloudDeakinDeakin VideoTurnitinBb Collaborate UltraDeakinAirCloudDeakinBlocking mixed contentBrowsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Internet Edge are now actively blocking mixed content – content from unsecured sites. This may result in a blank screen or an error message such as "Your browser has failed to load this video. Please click here to view it in DeakinAir." while viewing content within CloudDeakin.To allow mixed content within CloudDeakin you may have to actively choose to allow blocked content. To do this please follow the instructions belowMozilla FirefoxClick on the lock icon in the address bar.Click the arrow on the Control Center.Click on Disable protection for now.Google ChromeA small icon of a shield will appear on the right side of the address bar if the page you are viewing contains unsecure content.Click on the shield.Select Load Unsafe Script.I can't login to CloudDeakinBefore you can access CloudDeakin you must activate your Deakin username and password. Go to the Username and passwords page and follow the instructions. If problems persist, contact the IT Service Desk for further assistance.When will students have access to CloudDeakin unit sites?Students will have access to their unit sites one week before trimester start.I can't use CloudDeakin properly (when I click on anything nothing happens or I get an error message)This is usually a browser setup issue. Go to the Browsers and Settings page and follow the essential steps to successfully access, login to and use CloudDeakin.The DeakinSync tiles do not include all of the units I'm enrolled inIf DeakinSync tiles do not include all of the units in which you are enrolled, please check your enrolment details through DeakinSync. Note: It can take up to 24 hours to get access to your units if you changed your enrolment.How long can I be logged into CloudDeakin before it times out?If there is no activity registered, CloudDeakin will time out after 180 minutes.Where are my unit materials?Unit materials are usually located under the Content section in CloudDeakin. For further information, refer to the Unit Content guide. If you have further questions about the unit materials, please contact your Unit Chair. You can find your Unit Chair's contact details on Unit Site Home Page or refer to your Unit Guide. Note: All unit materials can be found on CloudDeakin, hard copies will not be sent out to students. Your Unit Chair will provide you the links to access the eReadings.Can I remove myself or other members from Group tool?As a student, you can remove yourself from groups that you've been self-enrolled in.Click on Tools from the navigation bar and select Groups.To remove yourself from a group, click on Leave Group.You’ll be prompted to confirm, click on Yes.As a student, you do not have permission to remove other members from Group tool. Please contact your Unit Chair. Your Unit Chair's details are available on Unit Site Home Page or refer to your Unit Guide.Why do some of the topics under the Content are ticked and some do not?Topics under Content are not ticked until you click on the topic. Some teaching staff use this to keep track of what content students have accessed.I have received an error message of "You are currently not authorised to access". What does this mean?You may not have permission to access certain content as they may only be available to certain students, or only available if you are enrolled in a certain unit. If this is a content for your unit, contact your Unit Chair. Your Unit Chair's contact details can be found on Unit Site Home Page or refer to your Unit Guide.Who do I contact about assignment information and unit materials on CloudDeakin?The best person to help you is your Unit Chair. You can find your Unit Chair's contact details on Unit Site Home Page or refer to your Unit Guide.What do I do if I receive an error message when trying to access content?The best person to help you is your Unit Chair. You can find your Unit Chair's contact details on Unit Site Home Page or refer to your Unit Guide.Deakin Video (Previously Echosystem)Problems accessing presentations (Previously Echo recordings)Why does the recording cut out / drop out when streamingTry using a quality option which may be more reliable over your network connection.Try a 'download' version of the recording.Where are the video formats? (I can only see audio formats.)It can take several hours after a class for all formats of a presentation to be available. Audio formats are processed first, then video formats. In peak times this can be longer. Some units only record audio.The presentation fails to play at all / a presentation is not loading on my computer.This is usually caused by a caching or a connection issue. Try clearing the cache of your browser, an alternative browser or an incognito window. You can also download the audio or video to your computer if your are having connection issues. If your video still fails to play, please contact the IT Service Desk.Playing presentationsHow do you fast forward / rewind a streamed file?While there is no fast forward/rewind button, you can skip ahead or backwards by clicking and dragging the playhead forwards or backwards along the slider. Additionally you may skip back and adjust the playback rate.Why do some of my units have downloads / podcasts / video and others don't?Deakin Video is able to record a combination of video and/or audio. If the source is only audio, then no video format is available.Why does the presentation continue well after the end of the class or shorter than the duration?Presentations are normally scheduled at the start of trimester. As it is not possible to know how exactly long each class will go for, the entire allotted class time is recorded, even if the class starts late / finishes early. All presentations are pre-scheduled to start exactly with the scheduled booking and cease precisely 10 minutes before the end of the scheduled booking.PodcastsWhat is a podcast?A digital recording, usually audio, made available over the Internet for downloading to a personal computer and / or portable digital music player. e.g. iPod.Do I need an iPod to hear podcasts?No. You can also listen to podcasts using podcast client software. e.g. iTunes.Tip: Use Google to search for "podcast clients" or "podcast receivers".Do I need iTunes to listen to podcasts?No. You can listen to podcasts using any podcast client software.Tip: Use Google to search for "podcast clients" or "podcast receivers".Plagiarism DetectionI can't submit my paper to TurnitinYou may be trying to submit a file in the wrong format. Only the following file format are accepted - MS Word  (.doc,.docx), MS PowerPoint (.ppt, .pptx), WordPerfect (.wpd), Rich Text Format (.rtf), Open Office documents (.odt files), Adobe Acrobat PDF (.pdf), PostScript (.ps), HTML (.htm, .html), Hangul (HWP), Google Docs (submitted via the Google Drive submission option), and Plain text (.txt).Note: PDF documents must contain text to be submitted. PDF files containing only images of text will be rejected during the upload attempt. To determine if a document contains actual text, copy and paste a section or all of the text into a plain-text editor such as Microsoft Notepad or Apple TextEdit. If no text is copied over, the selection is not actual text.Turnitin cannot generate originality report for spreadsheet files (e.g.  Excel) or media files such as images, videos or audio files.The file size may not exceed 20 MB and less than 400 pages in length. Files of larger size may be reduced in size by removal of non-text content. Files that are password protected, encrypted, hidden, system files, or read only files cannot be uploaded or submitted to Turnitin.I can't use Turnitin properly (when I click something nothing happens or I get an error message)This is usually either a browser set-up issue or you have to clear your browser's cache and cookies. Go to Browsers and Settings page and follow the steps for whichever browser you are using.My originality report hasn't appearedThe time taken for the originality report to appear depends on a number of factors, including the size of the file being uploaded, number of files being uploaded into the assignment, the load on the Turnitin database at the time of uploading and subsequent load until the originality report is completed. This can be a few minutes or greater than 24 hours.Bb Collaborate UltraDo I need to install Java or launcher?No, you don't need to install Java or a launcher. Bb Collaborate Ultra is based on modern web technologies including HTML 5 and WebRTC.Which browser should I use?For the best experience use Google Chrome or Firefox.Do I need NBN to be able to join Bb Collaborate Ultra?Bb Collaborate Ultra can accommodate your connection speed. As your connection improves or degrades, the bandwidth use and video are adjusted up and down. When your connection degrades, you are notified with a pop-up message.I can't find my audio button. How do I turn my audio on?The moderator may have turned off your permissions to use audio in the session. Moderators can turn off audio, video, chat, and edit tools in the sessions.I can't hear anything. Can I change the volume?Adjust your microphone and speaker volume in My Settings (under the Collaborate panel). Click Audio and Video Settings.DeakinAirWhat is the recommended file format?DeakinAir accepts all common video, audio and image formats in all resolutions. For best results with video, we recommend preparing videos in 1280x720 pixels and using the H.264 video codec at about 4000 kb/s.What is the file limit? The file upload limit is 2GB. For optimal end-user experience you might like to consider a maximum of 20 min videos. If necessary, playlists can easily be created to segment longer video sequences or group similar subject matter.Which software can I use to edit my video?You can use Windows Movie Maker (Windows Live Movie Maker) or iMovie to edit video.Why I can't download the video?It's possible that the owner has used the player that does not allow you to download the video. Note: If you're viewing the dual screen video, you're only allow to download the primary screen.My video failed to upload to DeakinAir. What do I do?Check the recommended file format as stated in Question 1. If your video is not using the correct codec, use software such as Macroplant Adapter to re-encode. If you're uploading a huge file, please ensure that you've a good Internet connection. Best end-user experience will be on-campus via wired network or off-campus via ADSL. Use this site to check your Internet speed.
Help
IT Help
ICT standards
Exam assessment banner Pink
Exam assessment banner Blue
Student Central
Evaluations and Surveys
eVALUate FAQ
eVALUate: You said, we did
Faculty of Arts and Education
Faculty of Business and Law
Faculty of Health
Faculty of Science, Engineering and Built Environment
Emergency and crisis information
Suicide intervention
Mental illness
Medical emergency
First Aiders
First aid and medical emergencies
Emergency policies
Critical incidents and trauma
About CloudDeakin
Browser Settings
FAQ
Help with CloudDeakin
CloudDeakin Guides
Making payments
Last updated: September
21,
2020 (3:44pm)
Page custodian: Deakin Learning Futures
We use cookies to improve your experience. You consent to the use of our cookies if you proceed. Visit our Privacy policy for more information.
OK