http://www.einstein.edu/orthopedics/conditions/arthritis
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Orthopedic Care & Services / Conditions & Treatments / Arthritis
Orthopedics
Orthopedics Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Arthritis
Arthritis is a common cause of joint pain, stiffness, swelling and decreased range of motion that affects more than 50 million Americans. Einstein offers a full range of treatment options to help relieve your pain, restore your range of motion and get you back to living an active life.
Types of Arthritis
There are more than 200 types of arthritides that can affect your bones and joints. The most common type of arthritis is osteoarthritis, in which the protective cartilage that cushions the ends of your bones wears down over time, causing your bones to grind against each other. Another common type of arthritis is rheumatoid arthritis, which is an autoimmune disorder characterized by chronic joint inflammation.
Treatment Options
Depending upon symptom severity among other factors, your doctor may recommend a variety of options to manage or treat your arthritis, including:
Medication & Lifestyle Changes
While the damage that arthritis can do to your joints is not reversible, anti-inflammatory medications, cortisone injections and other treatments can be used to reduce your pain and swelling. Your doctor may also recommend physical therapy and exercise to reduce your pain and improve your range of motion. Maintaining a healthy weight can also reduce your pain and inflammation and slow the progression of your arthritis in weight-bearing joints such as your knees, hips and spine.
Surgical Options
In some cases, you may need surgery to help relieve the pain caused by your arthritis and/or to restore mobility. This could involve removing bone spurs that have developed as a result of your arthritis, a partial or total joint replacement or a fusion surgery, which is often used on the spine, fingers or toes. Fusion surgeries permanently connect the arthritic bones together so that they move as a single unit, sacrificing mobility for pain relief.
Learn more about surgical options for:
Back and spine
Feet and ankles
Hands, wrists, elbows, and shoulders
Hips
Knees
Meet Our Team
Learn more about our board-certified orthopedic specialists and schedule an appointment to discuss your treatment options today.
Find a Specialist
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have comprehensive clinical expertise in orthopedics and are actively invested in resident education.
Accreditation & Partnerships
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.