https://www.cdtbc.ca/policy.html
Registrant DirectoryRegistrant Login
LegislationHealth Professions Act
Regulation
Bylaws
RegistrationNew Applicants
Dental Technicians
Dental Technician Assistants
Dental Technician Students
Renewal
Reinstatement
Fees
Quality AssuranceJurisprudence
Continuing Education
Self-Assessment Questionnaire
ComplaintsComplaint Process
About the CollegeHistory
Board
Committees
Publications
FAQ
Calendar of Events
Online Resources
Legislation
Registration
Quality Assurance
Complaints
About the College
PRIVACY POLICY
GENERAL
The College of Dental Technicians of BC (CDTBC) is committed to protecting an individual’s right to privacy when visiting this website. All personal information that is collected, whether automatically by the website or submitted by the user through the use of the forms and email links available on the site, is done so in compliance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA).
The College collects general information about a user that is necessary for the operation and security of this website. Any personal user information submitted or collected through this website will only be used by staff for the purpose for which it was collected, or for a use that is consistent with that purpose.
The CDTBC will not disclose or share your personal information with any other person or organization without your express consent except as required by law.
COMPLAINTS AND QUESTIONS
All complaints or questions relating to the CDTBC’s privacy policy or its use of your personal information should be addressed in writing to the College’s Privacy Officer. The Privacy Officer will investigate all complaints made in writing to the College office. Address all complaints and questions to:
Privacy Officer College of Dental Technicians of BC N208 – 5811 Cooney Road Richmond, BC   V6X 3M1
TERMS OF USE
DISCLAIMER
This website is provided by the College of Dental Technicians of BC (“the College”) as a public service and contains general information about the College and the legal framework under which it regulates the practice of dental technology in British Columbia. While the College makes every effort to ensure the information contained on the site is current and accurate, the website is provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
The website is intended to be a resource for registrants and the general public and may unintentionally contain errors, omissions, or inaccuracies. The content is not to be considered as “official” and may be changed or updated without prior notice. None of the information or statements found on this website are to be considered as providing legal advice or opinions. Users of the site with any questions relating to their dental health should consult with their licenced and registered dental health care provider.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES
All persons using this site assume responsibility and liability for any and all damages or consequences arising out of the use of the information contained herein. Under no circumstances will the College be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential to computer equipment or other property that may result from accessing, browsing, or downloading the materials, data, and images found on this website. Further, the College has no control over the content or policies of external websites accessed through hyperlinks on this site, and cannot guarantee the reliability or safety of those sites.
TEL 604-742-6561
FAX 604-899-0794
TOLL FREE 1-855-742-6561
EMAIL
OFFICE #900 - 200 Granville St, Vancouver, BC  V6C 1S4
Copyright @2020 College of Dental Technicians of British Columbia. All rights reserved.  |  Site Map  |  Privacy Policy & Terms of Use  |  Powered by Exware Content Management Systems