http://www.feldenkrais.org.au/privacy-policy
Cart
Member Login
Search
HomeAboutThe Feldenkrais MethodBecome a PractitionerThe GuildRebates, Workcover & NDISStandards of PracticeTrademarksBenefitsFor Children with DisabilityFor Happiness and WellbeingFor People In PainFor People Who Want To Age WellFor PerformersFor Sports and Peak PerformanceFor people with neurological issuesFor preventing and recovering from injuryFindA PractitionerA ClassEventsResourcesAusTABOnline SummitOnline Summit 2019Online Summit 2020
ShopContact UsBECOME A PRACTITIONERVisit Our FaceBook Page
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
×
Login Or Join
User Login
E-mail: * Password: *
Create new account
Request new password
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
This Statement sets out the AFG privacy policy in respect of personal information that you may provide to the AFG. The AFG recognises that your privacy is very important to you and we are committed to promoting confidence in the manner in which your personal information is handled by us. The statement that follows explains how the AFG collects, uses, discloses and protects this information on its website.
Supporting Industry Best Practice
The AFG is bound by, and committed to supporting, the National Privacy Principles (NPP) set out in the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000. The aim of the AFG is both to support and to ensure that it complies with the NPP that form the basis of laws introduced to strengthen privacy protection for the general public. We believe that in supporting industry best practice this statement will address any potential concerns you may have about how personal information you provide to us is stored, used and accessed.
Collection of Information
The AFG receives and stores transaction information, information you enter on our website or have provided to us in application, registration or administration processes.
Wherever it is lawful and practicable, The AFG will endeavour to provide you with the option of not identifying yourself or not providing personal information when entering transactions with us. However, failure to provide the full and complete information we request may result in a limited ability on our part to offer or deliver complete services to you.
No personal information is collected when you browse anonymously. Anonymous browsing is when personally identifiable information is not required by an individual to gain access to our web site. In addition, personally identifiable information such as name and contact details (postal and email addresses) are only collected when you make an enquiry, place an order, book on a course or register to use the members only section of the AFG website. All other information will be requested from you directly.
Information collected is kept for as long as it is needed to service your account and provide services and products requested by you. When your information is no longer needed for these purposes we will destroy or permanently render anonymous any information held about you.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We will only collect and store information about you that is necessary. The sole purpose in collecting information from you is to enable us to fulfil our business commitments to you in providing professional support products and services, membership, and to improve these services to you and other clients of the AFG. We may use the information you provide to help improve the services we deliver to you, measure consumer interest in the AFG services, inform you of other The AFG products and services (when requested), or to comply with requirements under the law.
The information you provide will not be disclosed to other parties, other than are necessary for maintaining our on-line service and in fulfilling our business commitments to you (primary purpose). The AFG will not, without your consent, disclose personal information for any other purpose (secondary purpose), except where:
1. it is required or authorised by law or for purposes of law enforcement and matters directly related to law enforcement or the prevention of unlawful activity;2. the secondary purpose is directly related to the primary purpose and there is a reasonable expectation that we would use or disclose the information in the circumstances;3. The AFG reasonably believes it is necessary to prevent any serious and imminent threat to any person's life, health or safety or the public's health or safety.
The AFG will not otherwise disclose your personal information to any other party without your consent.
Third Party Relationships
To provide you with a more informative online experience the AFG does use the online resources, from time to time, of suppliers, agents and business partners. Such services comprise of links to third party sites that promote additional services and products. In any such relationship The AFG takes all reasonable steps to ensure that these parties have and enforce an adequate privacy policy. Understandably, the privacy policy of a third party might be different to that of the AFG and it is advisable that you carefully review any third party's privacy policy before using the site's products and/or services.
Storage and Security of Personal Information
The AFG will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that you only provide personal information in a secure environment and when the information is no, longer needed it will be destroyed or permanently rendered anonymous.
Where indicated by a lock (on the browser window), we protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information, you input. In conjunction with our key suppliers and agents, we operate secure data networks protected by an industry standard firewall and password protection system. We also take care to ensure that we have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorised access, alteration, modification or disclosure of your user data under our control.
The security of any information (including personal information) downloaded and stored on your PC/Server etc is the responsibility of the individual. The individual is also responsible for the correct configuration of the hardware and software he/she uses to access the AFG website, along with the physical security and maintenance of that equipment.
Notwithstanding the fact that we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data including the use of encryption technology, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You can help us keep your personal information secure by ensuring that any password you use on our web site is kept strictly confidential, and by logging off when you have finished using a shared computer.
The AFG imposes strict rules on its employees who have access either to the databases that store your user information or to the servers that host our services and while we cannot guarantee that any unauthorised access, disclosure, loss, misuse or alteration to your data will not occur, we will take all reasonable steps to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
You accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the Internet and will not hold the AFG or its agents or suppliers responsible for any breach of security.
Trans-border Data Flows
Where, for the purpose of fulfilling our business commitments to you, we disclose personal information to persons involved in administering the services, our related entities or business partners (Permitted Persons), and such Permitted Persons are in a foreign country, The AFG will not, without your consent, transfer personal information to such Permitted Persons unless:
1. we reasonably believe that the Permitted Persons are subject to a law, binding scheme or contract or we have taken reasonable steps to ensure that the Permitted Persons are subject to a contract which effectively upholds principles for the fair handling of personal information that are substantially similar to the National Principles for the Fair Handling of Personal Information embodied in the Privacy Amendment (Public Sector) Act 2000; or2. the transfer is necessary for:
the performance of services requested by you; orfor the purpose of fulfilling our business commitments to you; orto implement pre-contractual measures taken in response to a request by you; or
3. the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in your interest, between The AFG and a third party; or4. all of the following apply:
the transfer is for your benefit; andit is impracticable to obtain your consent to the transfer; andif it were practicable you would be likely to consent to the transfer.
Accessing and Changing Your Personal Information
The AFG attempts to ensure that all personal information collected and stored in its database systems is correct and accurate. You may at any time request access to the information we have collected from you and obtain a more in depth explanation about how the information is used by emailing us at info@feldenkrais. net.au We will endeavour to meet or advise of the outcome of a request within 7 business days of receipt.
If at any time you wish to change personal information that is incorrect, or wish to have your personal information deleted, please email us at info@feldenkrais. net.au Unless personal information is required for administrative or legal reasons we will take all reasonable steps to meet such requests at the earliest possible opportunity.
You have the right to request access to your personal information at any time, and this information will be forwarded to you within 5 working days.
Complaints Resolution
The AFG is committed to providing consumers with a fair and responsive system for handling and resolving complaints. You have a right to complain and to have your complaint handled efficiently. We believe that in receiving your complaint, we are provided with a valuable opportunity to improve the services we deliver to you and maintain your confidence in The AFG and our services.
If at any time you wish to lodge a complaint in respect of the handling, use or disclosure of your personal information by the AFG you may notify us of your complaint by emailing us at president@feldenkrais. net.au
We will endeavour to investigate and advise you of the outcome of a complaint within 21 days of receipt of such complaint.Liability Disclaimer
The AFG will use all reasonable endeavours to protect and keep confidential any personally identifiable information in its possession in relation to its Members, subscribers or website visitors. If any confidential or personally identifiable information is accessed by a third party, whether by negligence or otherwise of the AFG, its agents, suppliers, contractors, related bodies corporate, affiliates or associated parties, to the extent permitted by law, the AFG is not liable for any loss, damage, costs, liability or other form of contribution.
Further Information on Privacy
Further information may be obtained on privacy issues in Australia by visiting the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's web site at http://www.privacy.gov.au/ .
Apart from this the AFG takes no responsibility for any claims made by Practitioners on this or any linked site.
Australian Feldenkrais Guild Inc.
Quick Links
Find a practictioner Find a class
PO Box 789, Caloundra QLD 4551 Australia
0418 454 191
Contact AFG
© 2020 Australian Feldenkrais Guild Inc.
All prices are in Australian Dollars ($AUD)
AcknowledgementsPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditionscovid-19