https://www.archwired.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYou are here: Home / Disclaimer and Privacy PolicyDisclaimer and Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.archwired.com
Basic Disclaimer
This website is not a substitute for your own orthodontist. If you have a dental condition that needs attention, consult your own dentist, doctor, or orthodontist before embarking on any type of treatment.
This website is geared toward serious adults who need information about orthodontic treatment. Fetish postings are not encouraged.
Basic Privacy Statement
This website does not use or sell your information for any purpose.
Legal Disclaimer
ArchWired.com is here to offer a platform for people coping with orthodontic and dental treatment an opportunity to gather information and share ideas and concerns. Using or accessing activities of this web site should not be interpreted as a substitute for dental or medical evaluation and/or treatment by a qualified health care professional.
Participation in all interactive areas and use of resources offered is at the user’s own volition and is not intended to provide or confirm a diagnosis, nor is any claim made as to therapeutic efficacy. Users are advised to seek the advice of a dental or medical professional.
The information contained in or made available through this site, ArchWired.com (including but not limited to information contained on message boards, in text files, or in chats) cannot replace or substitute for the services of trained professionals in any field, including, but not limited to, financial, medical, dental, or legal matters. In particular, you should regularly consult a dentist or doctor in all matters relating to physical or mental health, particularly concerning any symptoms that may require diagnosis or medical attention.
Neither ArchWired.com nor any of its affiliated organizations nor any of its or their respective licensors or suppliers make representations or warranties concerning any treatment, action, or application of medication or preparation by any person following the information offered or provided within or through ArchWired.com Site. Neither we nor our affiliates or partners, or any of their affiliates, will be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages that may result, including but not limited to economic loss, injury, illness or death.
ArchWired.com assumes no liability whatsoever for direct or indirect, special or consequential damages relating in any way to the use of information provided here. ArchWired.com makes no representations, warranties, or claims as to the validity, authenticity, quality, or viability implied of the consultation, advice, or services offered by the practitioners listed as other sources. While dental treatment may be the topic of one of our message boards or chats, we are not engaging in the practice of dentistry in any form. Participation in group discussions is at the user’s own volition and ArchWired.com does not make any representations regarding the content of, or effects of, participation in online discussion groups.
The information contained on this web site is provided in good faith, and every reasonable effort is made to ensure that it is accurate and up to date.
Accordingly, this information is provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind. In no event shall ArchWired.com or its participants be liable for any damage arising, directly or indirectly, from the use of the information contained on this web site including damages arising from inaccuracies, omissions, or errors.
Any person relying on any of the information contained on this web site or making any use of the information contained herein, shall do so at its own risk. ArchWired.com (including dental professionals participating in the Ask The Doc Forum) hereby disclaims any liability and shall not be held liable for any damages including, without limitation, direct, indirect or consequential damages including loss of revenue, loss of profit, loss of opportunity or any other loss. The information contained on this web site may be changed or updated at any time without notice.
Privacy Statement
ArchWired.com does not collect any personal information about you, unless you choose to provide it. We will never share this information with a third party, or advertiser nor do we acquire information via cookies. We will do everything in our power to keep children’s & teen’s email addresses and any personal information off of the ArchWired.com message boards and profiles.
Messages posted on the Metal Mouth Message Board are the sole property of ArchWired.com. ArchWired.com assumes no liability or responsibility for personal information posted by its registered members or guests. ArchWired.com discourages minor age members (under age eighteen) from posting personal information which may identify them, including photos, locations, and vital statistics, and will not be held liable or responsible for the posting or usage of said information by minors.
Non-Discrimination Statement
ArchWired.com does not practice or condone unlawful discrimination in any form against members, volunteers and applicants on the grounds of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
a. Discrimination based upon race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status is in violation of federal law and ArchWired.com policy, and will not be tolerated.
b. Retaliation against any person complaining of discrimination is in violation of federal law and ArchWired.com policy, and will not be tolerated and will result in membership termination or expulsion.
c. ArchWired.com will respond promptly to all complaints of discrimination and retaliation. Violation of this policy can result in expulsion for members or discharge for ArchWired.com volunteers.
d. Action for violations of this policy will be the responsibility of the ArchWired.com owner and webmaster, as may be appropriate in accordance with applicable procedures.
e. ArchWired.com hereby affirms its desire to maintain an environment for all guests and members that is free from all forms of unlawful discrimination and free from discrimination which is otherwise prohibited by ArchWired.com policy or regulation. Unlawful discrimination will not be tolerated.
Message Board Rules and Guidelines
You are entirely responsible and liable for any message or information you post on this website, or any PM, email or other personal contact you decide to have with other members, guests, staff, or volunteers on this website.
If you feel, at any time, that another member is violating ArchWired.com policy or making you feel uncomfortable in any way, we urge you to contact the site webmaster by email or PM.
Guidelines for ArchWired.com’s message board include:
a. Participants of the Metal Mouth Message Board agree to behave in a civil manner. Harassment, personal attacks, and profanity are not allowed anywhere at ArchWired.com. Contact in any form (email, IM, PM, or other messaging) with members of the Metal Mouth Message board for fetish or sexual purposes will not be tolerated. All are cause for you to be kicked/banned from ArchWired.com.
b. Pornographic material and/or references to it is not allowed in posts or user profiles and post and user profiles containing such will be removed. The registered user will be removed immediately. The same rule applies to posts or registrations advertising products or websites, or overtly using SPAM tactics.
c. Any banning of a visitor from anywhere within the ArchWired.com website by any moderator is binding and the decision is final, and no correspondence will be entered into nor will ArchWired.com be obliged to explain such banning.
d. Any person can be banned by any moderator at ArchWired.com for messaging comments that are not constructive to the overall purpose and mission of the ArchWired.com website or create a distraction to that purpose and mission.
e. Posts that cause a distraction to the purpose and mission of ArchWired.com and the Metal Mouth Message Board will be removed or closed.
f. Treatment options for orthodontics vary around the world, here at ArchWired.com we support such discussions as long as they do not become solicitations, aggressive, or hurtful to others. If this happens the thread or post will be closed by the moderators immediately without further discussion.
g. We discourage members from from making their email addresses visible in their profiles, or from posting personal and vital information which may identify them, including photos of their full face or body. Profile information of minors under age 18 will be scrutinized and inappropriate references will be removed from the minor’s profile.
h. ArchWired.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials from this site that are determined to be abusive, defamatory or obscene; fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading; in violation of a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of another; or offensive or otherwise unacceptable to ArchWired.com at its sole discretion. If an individual abuses his or her rights as an ArchWired.com user with criminal intent and or in violation of regulatory codes, we will cooperate with and prosecute to the full extent of the law.
i. Members may not impersonate someone else. Nor may they transmit any information, data, text, files, links, software, chat communication or other materials that are unlawful, harming, threatening, abusive, invasive of another’s privacy, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, or racially or otherwise objectionable. Nor may members violate national or international law in any way.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments, IP addresses, and email addresses may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Primary SidebarCategories
ArchWired In The News
Before Getting Braces
Blog Posts
Braces Polls Archive
By Dental Professionals
During Braces
Food Tips For Dental Braces
General
Getting Jaw Surgery
Invisible Aligners
Just For Fun
Just Got Braces
Lynn's Dental Braces Journal
Reader Stories
Dental Braces Removal Stories
Humorous Reader Stories
My First Day In Dental Braces
Other Reader Stories
Retainers After Braces
Keep Your Teeth Clean!
Heal Painful Mouth Sores!
For Oral Hygiene On The Go!
Effortlessly Clean Aligners & Retainers!
Get News & Info from ArchWired!
Email *By checking this box you consent to receive emails from ArchWired.com and its sister website, DentaKit.com. We do not share your information with any third parties. You can unsubscribe at any time.WebsiteSUBMIT