http://www.geneticdilemmas.org/website-policies/privacy
Genetic Dilemmas in Primary Care
Home
Preview Program
Videotape Samples
Viewers Guide Samples
Order Program
Video Program Order Form (PDF)
Download Viewers Guide (PDF)
Download CME Materials (PDF)
Featured Article
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Conclusion
References
Download Article
Program Faculty
December 11, 2020Additional Resources
Roles and Responsibilities in Genetics
Genetic Counseling
Online Links
Online Search
Online News
Offline Materials
Contact/Feedback
Program Credits
Website Policies
Medical Intent
Privacy
External Links
Limitations
Policy Changes
Get Acrobat Reader
You are here: Home / Website Policies / PrivacyPolicies, Terms and Conditions of Use of the website for the “Genetic Dilemmas in Primary Care” project.
Privacy
The project for Genetic Dilemmas in Primary Care is committed to respecting the privacy of visitors who use our website. It is important that you understand what information we collect and how we use that information.
A cookie is a small data file that can be written from a web server to a web browser. A cookie can contain non-personally identifiable information, or personally identifiable information, or can be used to associate an otherwise anonymous user with personally identifiable information stored elsewhere. Cookies may be further classified as either session cookies (which expire at the end of a current visit or session at the website), or persistent cookies (which remain stored on the user’s computer until a specified expiration date).
This website does not use any type of cookies.
This website does automatically collect certain types of anonymous data. This may include, but is not limited to, data such as type of web browser used, type of computer used, number of pages visited, or number of files downloaded from the site. Any such information would be used in aggregate form for the purpose of improving the performance and utility of the website for its intended audience or potentially, for an analysis, which may be published without any personal identifiers, of how the site or the Program is used.
This website does not automatically collect any personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information is captured when a site visitor chooses to communicate such information via one or more of the feedback links provided. Typically, the information captured will be the sender’s email address. If provided by the user we may also capture the sender’s name, organizational affiliation, contact information, etc. All such communications are voluntary on the part of the sender, and are not required for use of, or access to, any part of the website. Therefore site visitors have the option to avoid submitting any personally identifiable information.
Usage of the online evaluation form about the program will not generate any personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information submitted to webmaster@MattlinMandell.com as part of reports of website problems will be used exclusively in an effort to resolve the problem(s) reported.
All other personally identifiable information submitted may possibly be used by The Hastings Center and/or the GDIPC project team for follow-up research about the Genetic Dilemmas program.
The substantive content of any voluntary communications by site visitors will also be captured. That content may possibly be used by The Hastings Center and/or the GDIPC project team for follow-up research about the Genetic Dilemmas program.
Information submitted to The Hastings Center would likely consist of, but is not necessarily limited to name, address and financial information as needed for the purchase and delivery of program copies. The privacy policy of The Hastings Center may be viewed at: www.thehastingscenter.org/About/Default.aspx?id=1128
Any materials submitted to this website may be used by The Hastings Center.
Please be advised that email is, in general, a non-secure means of communication. There is also the possibility that any information submitted via email could be intercepted by a non-affiliated third party without knowledge or consent of either the sender or the intended recipient.
Website Policies
Medical Intent
Privacy
External Links
Limitations
Policy Changes
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 The Hastings Center ·   This site built on StudioPress and Wordpress