https://www.hft.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
Toggle navigation
Services
Our Fusion Model of Support
Supported Living
Domiciliary Care
Residential
Day Opportunities
Short Breaks & Respite Care
Housing
Transition
The Family Carer Support Service
Personalised Technology
Empowering Individuals
Stories
About Us
Vision, Mission, and Values
CQC Regulation and Ratings
Blog
Media Centre
Hft support during the Covid-19 (Coronavirus) pandemic
Governance
Locations
History
Reports & Reviews
Memberships & Accreditations
Modern Slavery Statement
Contact us
Get Involved
Donate
Fundraising
Events
Corporate Partnerships
Funding Partnerships
Volunteer
Membership
Families
Our Service Locations
Campaigns
Jobs
Job search
What is support work?
Support Work Quiz
Could you be there to care during a pandemic?
Support Worker roles
Training & Qualifications
Staff benefits
Working at Hft
FAQs
Resources & Guidance
What is a learning disability?
Benefits & support
Learning disabilities & other challenges
Disability rights & legal
Social care
Learning difficulties & other needs
Search
Donate
Join Our Team
Adjust text and colour
Colour
C
C
C
C
Refresh
Size
A
A
A
Refresh
Search
Search
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Privacy & Cookies
Find out more about Hft's Privacy Policy, and the Cookies used on and by our website.
Home / Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & cookies
Last updated: 09 December 2020
HF Trust Limited (Hft) is committed to ensuring that your personal information is used properly and is kept securely. This Privacy Policy explains how we will collect and use your personal information.
We have aimed to be open and transparent about our processes throughout this policy, but if you would like further clarification on any aspect of the information that follows, please do get in touch.
Contact details
Any personal information that you provide via this website is controlled by Hft. HF Trust Ltd (Hft) is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner under reference Z5498583.
Hft is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 734984.  Our registered office is at 5/6 Brooke Office Park, Folly Brook Road, Emersons Green, Bristol, BS16 7FL.
If you have any queries about the information we hold about you, please contact our Data Protection Manager at the address above or by email at dataprotection@hft.org.uk.
Our website
Hft’s website is built using WordPress, and hosted on servers located in the UK. The site has an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) security certificate that helps ensure that information transferred between our website and the device you are using to access it is first encrypted to make it difficult for unauthorised people to view that information.
We use an external agency named Equimedia for website development, support and hosting. Equimedia do not have access to any personal data submitted via our website.
Search on our website
Our website search is powered by a popular plug-in named Relevanssi. Search queries are kept anonymously for 30 days to allow us to improve people’s ability to find content on our site. The IP addresses of people who use our search function are not collected.
Collection of your personal information
When you visit our website, register as a job applicant, or complete any forms on our website, you may be asked to provide information about yourself.
You may also provide personal information to us when you contact us by email, telephone or letter.  When you provide personal information to us, we will treat that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data transferred from you to us via the various forms on our website is protected by our SSL security certificate which first encrypts any data transmitted to reduce the likelihood of interception by a third party. We use a WordPress plugin named Gravityforms for our forms functionality, which has been configured not to save entries to a database on submission, avoiding any unnecessary data-saving duplication. Form data is not made available to Gravityforms.com.
Data transferred via forms in use on the following pages will be processed using FormStack:
Sign Now
You’ve taken the first step
As with Gravityforms, data transferred via the forms in use on these pages is protected by our SSL security certificate which first encrypts any data transmitted to reduce the likelihood of interception by a third party. FormStack is based in the US, and state that the data of users of their forms will never be sold or distributed to a 3rd party.
Their Privacy Policy can be found here.
Unless you use an encrypted email system, information sent to us via email may not be protected in transit. We cannot accept any responsibility for data lost while being transferred via insecure email.
Use and storage of your personal information
We will use personal information provided by you or gathered by Hft through use of this website for the following purposes:
Contact us page/general enquiries
to process and respond to requests and enquiries and complaints received from you
Compliments & Complaints
to log and respond to compliments or complaints
Hft Job applications
to process job applications, assess suitability, and hire new recruits.
FCSS and Family Newsletters
to communicate with you about any developments, news and updates that we think you may find interesting (using the contact information which you have provided to us) where you have opted in to receiving such information
Donate page
to process donations
Gift Aid page
to register you as a gift aid donor
Membership enquiry form
To respond to expressions of interest in becoming a member of Hft
Gifts in Wills enquiry form
To respond to expressions of interest in leaving Hft money in a Will
Tribute Funds
To facilitate creation of Tribute Funds in memory of a loved one
London Marathon – Apply for a place with Hft form
To shortlist and respond to applicants interested in running the London Marathon on behalf of Hft
Big Virtual Tea Party
To liaise with supporters about the event, send welcome emails and other event-specific communications and materials
Winter Warmer
To liaise with supporters about their fundraising events, send welcome emails and other event-specific communications and materials
WINter Warmer Raffle
To register entrants in Hft’s WINter Warmer fundraising raffle
Winter Warmer Feedback
To collect feedback on our Winter Warmer event
Hft Heroes Awards
To nominate members of Hft staff for an Hft Heroes Award.
Contacting Hft
You can use the Contact us page on our website to contact us for any reason. The form in use on the page provides the option for you to supply your name, a contact telephone number, an email address and your location.  We ask for these details in order to allow you to provide us with a preferred method of response, though none of these details are required to submit the form.
Alternatively, you can also contact us with general enquiries via telephone, mail, or by email.
When you contact Hft, your enquiry – including any personal data you provide – will be passed to whichever department is best placed to help with your enquiry. For example, enquiries regarding job applications will be forwarded to our recruitment team for response, while enquiries relating to donations will be passed to our Fundraising department. This data will be kept and used only by Hft for the purposes of answering your enquiry. A record will be kept detailing what your enquiry is about, along with your contact details.
Your personal information will be held for a period of two years from when we first received your enquiry. If at this point our response to your enquiry has led to no further ongoing relationship with Hft, your data will be securely destroyed.
If, during our correspondence with you, an ongoing relationship is established, at this point we will provide further information about any personal information we will need to process, and the length of time for which it will be kept.
All data will be kept securely within the UK throughout this period.
Compliments & Complaints
You can make a complaint by completing our online form, by phone, letter, or in person to any member of staff.
You can make an anonymous complaint and we will record and review this in the same way as any other complaint, ie we will identify if mistakes have been made and make changes where necessary. But we will not be able to let you know what we have done.  Please note, making your complaint anonymously will also mean we have no way of seeking further background information from you that could help us in resolving your complaint.
We will record what your complaint is about and your contact details and acknowledge your complaint within five working days. This information will be held on our Complaints and Compliments system with access limited to Hft staff who are relevant to your complaint.
If we pass your complaint to another agency or organisation (because we are required by law or contract to do this) we will let you know. We will give you as much information as we can about who will be handling your complaint in the other agency or organisation.
We will tell you who will review and respond to your complaint and their contact details and the date that they will respond to you by. This should be within 28 days from the date of your complaint.
Your personal information will be held in a secure environment for a period of seven years, unless either you are a person we support, or your complaint is about a person we support, in which case the information will be held for the duration of your/the person’s support by Hft, plus eight years (Health & Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014 (Part 3).
Job applicants
Hft is the data controller for the information you provide during the process. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information please contact us at jobs@hft.org.uk.
Use of data processors
Data processors are third parties who provide elements of our recruitment service for us. We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
How we make decisions about recruitment
Final recruitment decisions are made by hiring managers and members of our recruitment team.  All of the information gathered during the application process is taken into account.
You are able to ask about decisions made about your application by speaking to your contact within our recruitment team or by emailing jobs@hft.org.uk
Your rights include rights which are absolute, and these are to:
access the data (ie to a copy)
have your data corrected
to have your personal data erased (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
to restrict your personal data, this only applies to processing based solely on legitimate interests
object to the processing of your personal data, this only applies to processing based solely on legitimate interests.
Please refer to the recruitment matrix for further details
Download the Recruitment Matrix
Our Family Carer Support Service Newsletter
All information that we hold concerning you as an individual will be held and processed by the charity strictly in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations. If you choose to join our Family Carer Support Service’s mailing list, your data will be processed in the following ways: –
All your personal data will be kept securely and within the UK. These details will be saved on our emailing database only. They will not be stored anywhere else unless you have received support from us in the past or are currently receiving support.
This data will only be used by Hft’s Family Carer Support Service to keep you updated with relevant information such as our monthly e-newsletter, updates about new resources that we produce, information about government consultations that are relevant to you, and the occasional newsflash.
In our Emailing List Registration Form, we provide you with the opportunity to let us know your ethnicity. This is optional, and requested only so that we can gain an indication of whether we are reaching all parts of the community.  You do not have to provide this information to sign up to receive the FCSS Newsletter.
We will not sell your information to third party organisations, and we will not share your personal information for other organisations to use in their marketing or fundraising.
Details of people on our emailing list (email address and name if given) will be held indefinitely, or until we are no longer producing email communications.
We may use selected reputable companies to provide you with services on our behalf, including delivering postal mail, sending emails and analysing data. We will only provide those companies with the information they need to deliver the relevant service, and we will make sure that your data is treated with the same level of care as if we were handling it directly ourselves, and deleted by such companies as soon as the relevant service is completed.
Please tell us of any change regarding your contact details (address/ phone number/name).
As an individual, you have the right, under the General Data Protection Regulations, to request a copy of the information we hold about you and to have it corrected or deleted as you wish.
The Family Carer Support Service will give you the option to unsubscribe in every correspondence sent to you. Alternatively, you can call 0808 801 0448 or email familycarersupport@hft.org.uk to unsubscribe at any time, and your data will be deleted within one calendar month from when the request was received by the FCSS.
Family news & updates
If you sign-up to receive any of our Family news and updates via the Families section of our website, in order to be kept up to date with news, events and information about Hft, we will ask for your title, name, email address, postal address, telephone number, the name of the person we support to whom you are connected, your relationship to that person, and the region in which they are supported.
This information is required to allow us to confirm that you do have a connection to someone we support, and to allow us to complete the action of sending you news and updates in your preferred format (print or email). If you only wish to receive news and updates through the post, you do not need to provide your email address, though we will need it if you would like to receive e-updates.  The telephone number is optional, but allows us to contact you in the event that we experience any issues processing your information.
Your information will be held on a secure ‘family contact database’, accessed and controlled by select members of Hft’s Communications and Marketing team. Exports of local contact data will be shared with Regional Managers and Administrators so that letters and emails can be sent locally. Exports may also be sent to select staff in other departments through our ‘change data process’ to ensure any/all systems are updated simultaneously. Your postal address may also be shared with printing companies for the distribution of letters or newsletters
We will keep your information as long as your relative continues to be supported by Hft, or until you ask for data to be removed. However, we will contact you at least every six years, as a reminder to update your information.
Fundraising
We operate under the legal basis of legitimate interests to send you post which would include updates about the way your donations have been spent, newsletters, invites to events we think you may be interested in and Christmas catalogues. We also use this basis to perform analysis of our fundraising activity. We will always balance your rights to privacy against our legitimate interests and if there is an imbalance we will not proceed with the processing of your data.
We operate under the legal basis of consent to call you on the phone, to send you emails and text messages. You can withdraw this consent at any time.
Prospecting and Research (Fundraising)
At Hft we are extremely grateful for donations of any size; from bake sales, to participation in fundraising events, gifts to our appeals, or in memory of loved ones, gifts from companies or Trusts and Foundations, and gifts in Wills. All of this support enables us to support adults with learning disabilities across England and Wales.
Some people are in the fortunate position of being able to make large gifts and are kind enough to consider doing so. It is important for us to be able to identify which of our supporters might be able to help in this way and to develop a personal relationship with them in a way which suits the supporter.
We use publicly available information to identify individuals who may be interested in the work of Hft and have the capacity to give a major gift. Sometimes we use third parties to carry out this research for us. We always ensure that those third parties are compliant with data protection and fundraising legislation.
We operate under the legal basis of legitimate interests to carry out this research. This means we believe this research is necessary for Hft to function effectively as a fundraising organisation. We ensure that we always balance our interests with the impact on our supporters, whose data we are processing. We consider the reasonable expectations of our supporters based on their relationship with Hft.
One of the most effective ways of identifying people who may have the means to support us with larger donations, is to build a profile of supporters by using the information they have given us and adding publicly available information to this (such as information from Companies House or news sites), to help us make relevant tailored fundraising proposals to these individuals. We would then establish whether these supporters would like to meet with us. If so, thank them for their support and talk to them about their preferences for the ongoing relationship with Hft and opportunities to support our work which may interest them.
In order to identify which people might benefit from this personal approach, we may screen our fundraising database. This process would start with a large number of supporter records – including yours potentially – and would result in a few hundred people with whom we would try and arrange a meeting.
We believe that supporting Hft is rewarding for donors and that it is important that we make people aware of opportunities to help fund our work. Acknowledging the benefit to both supporters and Hft of such philanthropic relationships we are proud to ask for larger sums in the right way, and at the right time, from those who we identify and who then indicate that they may wish to help us with big gifts.
We review the data of new prospective donors we find during this process after six months and if there is no interest in our work we mark this on our database and ensure we do not make contact again. We only keep basic information to ensure that this happens, i.e. name and address.
We will always provide our privacy notice and ask for your permission for us to contact you via phone or email and also give you the option to opt out of mail from us, both within one month of first contact. We will always tell you where we got your information.
If you would rather we did not use your personal data in any profiling exercise we may undertake in the future, please email: hello@hft.org.uk
Email communication
Hft uses dotdigital’s email marketing tools for our fundraising communications. dotdigital is EU based, though some of their subprocessors are based in the US. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
Donations
If you choose to make a donation to Hft via our website, the payment will be processed immediately either by Rapidata (if you choose to make a regular donation), or by Paypal or Stripe (if you choose to make a one-off donation).
View Rapidata’s privacy policy
View Paypal’s privacy policy
View Stripe’s privacy policy
Hft is satisfied that these third parties’ security and data protection measures are compliant with UK data protection law, and this status is reviewed regularly.
During the process of donating to Hft, you will be asked to provide your title, name, address, telephone number, gift aid status, email address and bank account information.  These details are required in order to allow our payment processors to process your donation(s), and send you a confirmation email (plus a copy of the direct debit guarantee if you choose to set up a regular payment to Hft). We will also use your address information to send you news and updates about Hft, plus information about Hft Trading Ltd, unless you opt out of receiving information in this way.
Providing your telephone number is optional, but will allow us to contact you about news, updates, and/or information about Hft Trading Ltd, if you opt into receiving communications in this way.
For one-off donations, your data will only be kept by Paypal for as long as is reasonable and necessary for the act of processing your donation.
For regular payments, your data will be kept by Rapidata for however long you choose to continue to donate regularly to Hft, plus six months. We will keep scanned copies of your direct debit instructions for as long as we are processing your donations plus six years, to fulfil our legal obligations.
Information provided to us by our donors will only be used for the purpose of processing donations, and providing information through communication channels that have been opted in to. We do not store credit card details, nor do we share the details of our donors with any third parties other than those listed above who are used for payment processing.
Donation refund policy
If you have made a donation in error please contact our Supporter Care department on 0117 906 1699 or email hello@hft.org.uk and they will be happy to refund this for you.
Gift Aid applications
If you have donated money to Hft during the past four years, or plan to in the future, completing a Gift Aid form via our website can make a big difference to the value of your donation, as every £1 will be worth £1.25 to Hft.
During completion of our Gift Aid form you will be asked to provide your title, name, telephone number, mobile number, and address, plus confirmation that you are a UK tax payer.
We need your title, name, address, and the confirmation that you are a UK taxpayer in order to match your form to your donor information, as well as advise the government that you have registered to add Gift Aid to your donations to Hft, as it will be HMRC that give Hft the additional 25p for every £1 you donate.
We will also use your address information to send you news and updates about Hft, plus information about Hft Trading Ltd, unless you opt out of receiving information in this way.
We provide the opportunity for you to let us know your telephone/mobile number(s) and/or email address so that if you opt into receiving communication from Hft via these methods, we are able to do so. We do not need these details in order to register your Gift Aid declaration; providing them is optional.
Information provided to us by donors completing the Gift Aid form on our website will only be used for the purpose of registering the donor as a Gift Aid donor, and providing information through communication channels that have been opted in to.
Personal data provided when registering for Gift Aid will be held by Hft for however long the donor continues to donate to Hft, plus seven years. After this point, it will be securely destroyed.
Membership enquiries
On our website we provide access to a form that allows people to register their interest in becoming members of Hft.
During completion of our Membership Enquiry form you will be asked to provide your title, name, telephone number, email address, and your postal address.
Other than the title and name fields, which we need in order to properly address you in our response, all other personal information fields are optional to allow you to choose the method by which you would like us to respond.
Information provided to us by people completing the Membership Enquiry form on our website will be used for the sole purpose of allowing us to respond to your enquiry.  During the process of becoming a member of Hft we will ask for further information to allow us to fully register you as a member and process your fee payment.  At this point we will provide more information about how this additional data will be processed.
If you complete the process of becoming a member of Hft, your personal data will be held by Hft for the duration of your membership, plus one year. After this point, the hard-copy of your membership form will be securely destroyed. We will keep information such as your membership number and dates you were a member on our database indefinitely, for the purpose of marketing suppression lists or to allow us to respond to queries from lapsed members.
If, after submitting your enquiry you choose not to become a member, your data will be held for three months before being securely destroyed.
Gifts in Wills enquiries
On our website we provide access to a form that allows people to register their interest in leaving Hft a gift in their Will, or advise us that they’ve arranged to do so.
During completion of Gifts in Wills enquiry form you will be asked to provide your title, name, telephone number, email address, and your postal address.
Other than the title and name fields, which we need in order to properly address you in our response, all other personal information fields are optional to allow you to choose the method by which you would like us to respond.
Information provided to us by people completing the Gifts in Wills enquiry form on our website will be used to keep informed about Hft news and updates, and to respond to any requests for information on leaving money in a Will. Your personal data will be held by Hft indefinitely, unless you ask us to delete it.
We will keep some personal data on our database indefinitely for the purpose of suppression lists to ensure that you don’t hear from us in the future if you have told us that you don’t want to.
Tribute Funds
When you use MuchLoved to create a tribute, post content, make a donation or add an event, MuchLoved will need to collect personal information about you.  Personal information is information that can be used to identify you such as name or address.
Each tribute that is created has an administrator called the Tribute Guardian.  This is the person (or people) that have agreed to oversee a tribute, including its appearance and privacy settings.
All Tribute Administrators are bound by the terms and conditions for use including the MuchLoved privacy policy. Please note – this opens MuchLoved’s own privacy policy, which is independent of Hft.
Anyone who wishes to contribute to a tribute by uploading messages, stories, pictures, music, video or tribute events will be registered on the service the first time that they choose to do this.  Their name and contact details will be shared with the Tribute Administrator(s) so that they can review their contribution and thank or contact them about it.
Tribute donors can donate anonymously if they choose, otherwise their name and contact details will be shared with the Tribute Administrators(s) so that they can be thanked for donating.
As part of this process, MuchLoved may ask for your consent for Hft to contact you for marketing purposes. If you choose this option, we will associate data we receive from Much Loved with your name, address, contact details, consent options, gift aid status, relationship to the deceased and details of the gift in our database. MuchLoved will not sell or swap your information with any other third party.
If you use your credit or debit card to make a donation or pay for additional services MuchLoved will need to share your data with a third party to enable this processing.  MuchLoved will ensure that this is done securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. MuchLoved do not store your payment card details.
London Marathon applications
If you complete the London Marathon ‘Apply for a place with Hft’ form on the Hft website, you will be asked to provide your title, name, telephone number, and address, plus information about your fundraising goals and experience.
We need your title, name, and contact information in order to liaise with you about the event and send you your welcome pack, running vest, and other event-specific materials.
We will also use your address information to send you news and updates about Hft, plus information about Hft Trading Ltd, unless you opt out of receiving information in this way.
We ask you to provide your date of birth, so we can provide services requested, analyse your personal characteristics,  identify and recommend appropriate events and evaluate our services through analytics and statistics. We use this information under legitimate interests to better our services and engage with you.
In addition, we provide the opportunity for you to let us know your telephone number and/or email address so that if you opt into receiving communication from Hft via these methods, we are able to do so.
Information provided to us by people completing the London Marathon ‘Apply for a place with Hft’ form on our website will only be used for the purpose of working with runners interested in running the London Marathon on behalf of Hft, and providing information through communication channels that have been opted in to.
Personal data provided when applying to run the London Marathon for Hft will be held by Hft until we have sent you a thank you for running on behalf of our charity. This is normally ten weeks after the completion of the event. After this point, if you have opted into receiving communications from Hft, your data will be held indefinitely, until you change your communication preferences. If you opt out of receiving updates from Hft we will keep some personal data on our database indefinitely for the purpose of suppression lists to ensure that you don’t hear from us in the future.
The Big Virtual Hftea Party
If you complete The Big Virtual Hftea Party ‘Sign Up’ form on the Hft website, you will be asked to provide your title, name, postcode, email address and telephone number plus your contact preferences. We need this information in order to liaise with you about the event, assign the correct regional team to you for support, and send you your welcome email and other event-specific communications and materials.
We will also use your email address and telephone number to send you news and updates about Hft if you opt into receiving information in this way.
Information provided to us by people completing the The Big Virtual Hftea Party ‘Sign Up’ form on our website will only be used for the purpose of working with supporters interested in hosting a The Big Virtual Hftea Party on behalf of Hft, and providing information through communication channels that have been opted in to.
Personal data provided when applying to run the The Big Virtual Hftea Party for Hft will be held by Hft until we have sent you a thank you for taking part on behalf of our charity. This is normally four weeks after the completion of the event. After this point, if you have opted into receiving communications from Hft, your data will be held indefinitely, until you change your communication preferences. If you opt out of receiving updates from Hft we will keep some personal data on our database indefinitely for the purpose of suppression lists to ensure that you don’t hear from us in the future.
Winter Warmer Fundraising Resources
If you complete The Winter Warmer Fundraising Resources form on the Hft website, you will be asked to provide your title, name, email address, county and telephone number plus your contact preferences. We need this information in order to liaise with you about your fundraising, assign the correct regional team to you for support, and communicate with you about events, volunteering and fundraising opportunities that you might be interested in should you opt in to such communications.
Information provided to us by people completing the Winter Warmer Fundraising Resources form on our website will only be used for the purpose of working with supporters interested in holding Winter Warmer fundraising events on behalf of Hft, and providing information through communication channels that have been opted in to.
Personal data provided when applying to access Winter Warmer resources will be held by Hft until we have sent you a thank you for taking part on behalf of our charity. This is normally four weeks after the completion of the event. After this point, if you have opted into receiving communications from Hft, your data will be held indefinitely, until you change your communication preferences. If you opt out of receiving updates from Hft we will keep some personal data on our database indefinitely for the purpose of suppression lists to ensure that you don’t hear from us in the future.
WINter Warmer Raffle
If you complete the WINter Warmer Raffle form, you will be asked to provide your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card details, and your contact preferences. We need your name, postal address and debit card details in order to process your payment as you purchase your raffle tickets. We will use your email address to confirm payment for your raffle tickets, send you your tickets and to notify you if you win. Your tickets will be generated via Eventbrite using the email address provided. Eventbrite is a platform designed to let organisations build and manage events. Registrations processed by these third parties are covered by the third party’s own Privacy Policy, which we recommend you read.
If you are a winner, or if we have any queries around your ticket purchase, we may also contact you by phone using the number provided, or by email using the email address provided. Your confirmation of age will be used to ensure compliance with UK gambling legislation.
If you opt in, we will also use your email address, telephone number and postal address to communicate with you about events, volunteering and fundraising opportunities that you might be interested in.
Personal data provided when purchasing raffle tickets will be held by Hft until we have held the raffle and allocated prizes. After this point, if you have opted into receiving communications from Hft, your data will be held indefinitely, until you change your communication preferences. If you opt out of receiving updates from Hft we will keep some personal data on our database indefinitely for the purpose of suppression lists to ensure that you don’t hear from us in the future.
Winter Warmer Feedback
If you complete The Winter Warmer Feedback form on the Hft website, you will have the opportunity to leave either your email address or telephone number. We ask you for this information so that we can follow up on any feedback you have left us, but you are not required to give us this information in relation to your feedback. You will only be asked to complete the feedback form if you have signed up to attend the event via Eventbrite, or have been given a complimentary ticket.
Information provided to us by people completing the The Winter Warmer Feedback form on our website will only be used for the purpose of seeking additional feedback, if you have said you are happy for us to contact you (by providing your contact details).
Personal data provided when completing The Winter Warmer Feedback form for Hft will be held securely by Hft. If you have opted into receiving communications from Hft, your data will be held indefinitely, until you change your communication preferences. If you opt out of receiving updates from Hft we will keep some personal data on our database indefinitely for the purpose of suppression lists to ensure that you don’t hear from us in the future.
Other Events
If you sign up to an event via Hft’s Events page, your registration will be processed by trusted third parties such as Eventbrite, a platform designed to let organisations build and manage events. Registrations processed by these third parties are covered by the third party’s own Privacy Policy, which we recommend you read.
Hft is satisfied that these platform’s security and data protection measures are compliant with UK data protection law.  This status is reviewed regularly.
Hft Virtual AGM 2020 feedback form
If you complete the Virtual AGM 2020 feedback form, you will be given the option of leaving your name – this field is non mandatory.
This information is requested to allow us to locate your Membership record if you have used the free text field on the form to ask any additional questions, so that we can respond to you.
The information you provide will be held on a secure server, accessed and controlled by select members of the Hft team. It will be shared with the people best placed to answer any questions you have asked.
We will keep your information indefinitely for as long as you remain a member of Hft, plus one year. We will keep information such as your membership number and dates you were a member on our database indefinitely, for the purpose of marketing suppression lists or to allow us to respond to queries from lapsed members.
Sharing of your personal information
Hft may share your personal information with third parties in the following ways:
We sometimes use agents and service providers to process personal information on our behalf. For example, we use third parties to process credit card donations and to maintain our website. If you sign up to receive mailings from us, we may use a third party printer or mailing service.
We will release your personal information when we are required to do so for legal or regulatory purposes or as part of legal proceedings.
We will only provide those companies with the information they need to deliver the relevant service, and we will make sure that your data is treated with the same level of care as if we were handling it directly ourselves, and deleted by such companies as soon as the relevant service is completed.
Your rights regarding your personal information
Current UK Data Protection law grants you a number of rights.
Among these are the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.  We will ask for confirmation of identity before we disclose any personal information. You may also request that we delete data that we hold about you.
Please address requests to the Data Protection Manager at Hft, 5/6 Brook Office Park, Folly Brook Road, Emersons Green, Bristol, BS16 7FL.
Links to other websites
Hft’s website contains links to third party websites which are not covered by this Privacy Statement. These sites will have their own Privacy Statements, which we encourage you to read.
Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies to help us provide a good on-site experience. A cookie is a piece of information held on the hard drive of your computer that records how you use a website. Cookies allow website operators to accumulate useful information which can be used to improve the site and the user experience.
Hft’s website does not capture or store personal information from cookies, rather we use them for things like: –
Finding out how many people have accessed different pages on our website.
Recognising whether people have permission to access secure areas of our website, so that the browser doesn’t repeatedly ask people to log in every time they move between secure pages.
Measuring what kinds of content people like, as well as that which they don’t.
Some of these cookies are essential in ensuring that certain parts of our website function correctly.  Others are nonessential, but do help us understand what’s working, and what’s not working on our website, allowing us to continually improve it.
On visiting our website for the first time, a pop-up banner will ask you to confirm your cookie preferences.  At this point, you can choose to accept all cookies, or switch on/off those that you would prefer not to allow.  Please note that even if you choose to decline all cookies, we will actually need to set a cookie in your browser to ‘remember’ this choice, so that you aren’t repeatedly asked as you move throughout the site.
Alternatively, if you do not want cookies downloaded onto your computer/device, you can disable them by adjusting the settings on your browser. Please be aware though, that deleting or disabling all cookies may impact on your ability to use certain parts of our website.
Please also note that switching off all cookies may result in certain parts of the site not operating correctly.
Cookies on the Hft website
The table below provides more information on the various cookies in use across the Hft website.
Download information on cookies in place on Hft’s website
Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please ensure that you check the Privacy Policy regularly for updates.