http://www.birthmothers.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Pregnant?
How We Help
Long-Distance Pregnancy Support
Stories from Birth Moms
Our Songs
Talk With a Call Counselor
For Family Members
Facts and Info
Facts About Pregnancy
Considering Abortion?
Resources for Pregnant Women
Pregnancy Resources
Services for Women & Families
Adoption Resources
Post-Abortion Resources
About Us
Our Mission, Vision, & Core Values
Our Distinctives
What We Believe: Ministry Statement of Faith
Our History
Contact Us
BirthMothers
Faith-based, nonprofit organization dedicated to providing nonjudgmental, one-on-one assistance to any woman facing an unplanned pregnancy.
Privacy Policy
Updated April 2017
Use of the Birthmother Ministries, Inc.’s (“Birthmothers”) website (“website”) is conditioned on the User’s acceptance of this Privacy Policy (“Policy”).  Your use of this website constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use this website.
It is Birthmothers’ policy to maintain the privacy of our supporters in the electronic environment and inform you of our practices concerning the collection and use of information.
1. The Information We Collect
Visitors to our website are not required to reveal individually identifiable information, such as name, address, email or telephone number. Our server collects other information, including the type of a visitor’s browser software and the IP address from which the visitor enters. This information helps us diagnose technical problems and proactively enhance our products by tracking user trends and interests. We also collect information about which web pages were accessed by day and time and within a user’s session.  This information is in no way tied to your personal identity.  If you choose to provide Birthmothers with your personal information (e.g., to sign up for email updates), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with Birthmothers, and that we will take appropriate steps to protect it.  If you do not want your personally-identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us.  If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, or would like to have it corrected or updated, please contact us at 1 (844) 772-4784. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
2. How We Use the Information
We may occasionally compile the information we collect to help us better understand our users and to help us communicate with you about our services.  These communications may take the form of direct mail, phone calls or email correspondence.
We take technical, administrative, and physical steps to protect against unauthorized access to and disclosure of individually identifiable information.  All such information is handled securely and is not disclosed to unauthorized third parties.
3.  Children
The website is targeted to users who are above the age of 13.  Birthmothers has no intention of collecting any personally-identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under thirteen years of age.  (In general, any personally-identifiable information collected on our website is collected without any information indicating the age of the person providing the information, except where appropriate, to confirm that the person is of legal age.)  If a child under eighteen has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us if they would like this information deleted from our records.  We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our existing files.
4. No Liability for Acts of Third Parties.
Although Birthmothers will use reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any personally identifiable information that you provide, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure.  You agree that Birthmothers will have no liability for disclosure of any such information due to errors
in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
5. Opt-out / Unsubscribe
Users who no longer wish to receive email correspondence may opt-out of by following the instructions in the email or replying with an indication to “unsubscribe.”
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law.
Notification of Changes
This Policy may be updated or changed at any time in our discretion.  Updates to this Policy are effective when posted.  Please check this page periodically for any changes.  Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to these terms means that you have accepted those changes.
Questions and Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us by email or at 1 (844) 772-4784.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Search for:
Archives
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2015
November 2015
May 2014
January 2012
November 2011
September 2011
September 2010
May 2010
February 2010
January 2010
November 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
November 2004
Meta
Log in
Search for:
Pregnant?
Fast Facts
FAQs
Contact Us
Video
ResourcesPregnancy Resources
Services for Women & Families
Adoption Resources
Post-Abortion Resources
Personal StoriesA Friend Who Sticks Close
A Tremendous Privilege
Healing Is Possible
God Is In Any Situation I Face
God Loved Me Through My Friend
Fear Is Overcome With Love
© 2008-2020 Birthmother Ministries, Inc.
Birthmothers ® A Friend Loves At All Times ™
PO Box 560, Virginia Beach, VA 23451 USA
If you're pregnant and need assistance, call 1 (844) 772-4784 from anywhere
24 hours a day, 7 days a week |
We'll be a Friend
Find out how you can help women and families who face an unplanned pregnancy when you log onto www.birthmotherministries.org.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use