http://www.atlanticare.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Menu
Find a Provider
Looking for a provider in South Jersey? We have you covered with exceptional providers all across the region – from Hammonton to Ocean City and from Manahawkin to Cape May. Find and select primary care providers and specialists, all affiliated with AtlantiCare.
Continue to Provider Search
Prefer to speak to one of our Access Center representatives?Please call 1-888-569-1000.
Find a Location
Services
Anesthesiology
AtlantiCare Health Services
Behavioral Health
Cancer Care
Diabetes
Ear Nose and Throat ENT
Emergency Care
Federally Qualified Healthcare Center (FQHC)
Heart and Vascular Care
Imaging Services
Laboratory Services
LIFE Connection
LifeCenter Fitness
Maternity Care
Medical Education
Neurosciences
Occupational Health
Orthopedic Care
Pain Management
Palliative Care
Pediatrics
Pharmacy Services
Primary Care
Rheumatology
Spine Care
Surgery
Urgent Care
Urology
Vascular Services
Weight Loss Surgery
Women's Health
Wound Care
Patients & Visitors
For Patients
For Visitors
Spiritual Support
Parking
Campus Maps
Weather Closing Updates
Share Your Feedback
Important Phone Numbers
For Our Community
Classes & Events
Fall Prevention
Opioid Response Initiative
LGBTQ Health
Diversity and Inclusion
Smoking Cessation
Wellness Blog
Programs
LifeCenter Fitness
Hammonton Family Success Center
Employee Health Solutions
ARMC Mainland Auxiliary
Community Sponsorship Request Form
Community Outreach Request
About Us
Vision, Mission & Values
Quality & Safety
Awards & Recognition
Serving Our Community
Foundation
Information for Vendors
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
News & Media
Newsroom
For Healthcare Professionals
Conferences
Careers
Medical Education
For Employees
Important Information for Employees
Ways to Give
AtlantiCare Foundation
Volunteer
Main Locations
ARMC Mainland Campus
ARMC Atlantic City Campus
Cape May Court House Health Park
Manahawkin Health Park
Egg Harbor Township Health Park
Hammonton Health Park
Patient Portals
Careers
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Schedule Your VisitOnline Now
You can book your appointment online with a trusted AtlantiCare Physician Group provider for an in-person or Telehealth visit.
Book Online Now
About Us
Select an option
Awards and Recognition
Baldrige Award
Magnet Designation
Quality and Safety
Finding Information
Mission, Vision and Values
Information for Vendors
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Serving Our Community
Foundation
Notice of Privacy Practices
AtlantiCare Health Solutions ACO
Financial Reporting
Awards and Recognition
Baldrige Award
Magnet Designation
Quality and Safety
Finding Information
Mission, Vision and Values
Information for Vendors
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Serving Our Community
Foundation
Notice of Privacy Practices
AtlantiCare Health Solutions ACO
Financial Reporting
AtlantiCare Web Site Privacy Policy
AtlantiCare respects the privacy of users who visit each of the sites within the AtlantiCare network. No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge. The following policies are in effect for all of the Web pages owned and/or operated by AtlantiCare. (The AtlantiCare Network includes all sites constructed and/or hosted by AtlantiCare)
When a visitor requests pages at any AtlantiCare site, our Web servers automatically recognize the browser's domain name, and IP address, operating system, browser type and version as well as the referring URL. Our servers do not record e-mail addresses. We collect the domain names and IP addresses in order to aggregate information on what pages users access or visit. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
From time to time, our advertisers may ask users to provide their e-mail address or mailing address for the purpose of a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to print publications, or information about trade shows). Whenever the identity of a visitor is recorded, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the request before the information is requested. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from other reputable companies, but only if specifically requested.
From time to time, AtlantiCare or its advertisers may send a cookie to your computer. This information is collected for statistical purposes, or to enhance a website visitors experience. AtlantiCare does not collect information to be sold or distributed to outside parties from those website within the AtlantiCare network.
E-newsletter Privacy Policy
AtlantiCare maintains a strict "no-spam" policy. Your e-mail address will not be sold to a third party if you sign up for one of our e-newsletters or discussion lists.
If you sign up for an e-mail newsletter or discussion list at a AtlantiCare site, you will receive only the e-mail newsletter or discussion list you have requested. You may receive on occasion an offer to sign up for a new newsletter or discussion list, but you will not receive additional newsletters or discussion list mailings unless you specifically request them.
Looking for a provider in South Jersey? We have you covered with exceptional providers all across the region – from Hammonton to Ocean City and from Manahawkin to Cape May. Find and select primary care providers and specialists, all affiliated with AtlantiCare.
Continue to Provider Search
Prefer to speak to one of our Access Center representatives?Please call 1-888-569-1000.
Place alerts below by selecting insert > Insert Template > ACW Site Alert