http://www.hepctrust.org.uk/terms-conditions
Skip to main content area
Donate
Twitter
Facebook
Vimeo
SoundCloud
Hepatitis C Trust
Search form
Search
Confidential helpline020 7089 6221
Home
SupportHelpline
Advocacy
UK wide support groups
Useful links
InformationJust diagnosed
About the hepatitis C virus
Infected Blood Inquiry
Impact of hepatitis C on the liver
Infected blood support schemes
Living with hepatitis C
Risk factors
Symptoms of hepatitis C
Testing
Treatment
Hepatitis C and overall health
The liver
About the information on this website
Leaflets and print publications
ServicesCommunity Peer Programme
Outreach and testing van
Pharmacy
Prison Services
South Asian outreach
Training
Resources for drug workers
CampaigningCampaigning in England
Policy and Parliamentary
Campaigning in Scotland
Campaigning in Wales
NOhep
HCV Action
Get involved
Policy Publications
Prevention of new infections
World Hepatitis Day
About UsNews
History
Trustees and Patrons
Staff
Art on a Postcard
Media
Contact us
Vacancies at The Hepatitis C Trust
You are here:
Home
Website Terms & Conditions and Cookies
1. Introduction
Welcome to The Hepatitis C Trust’s website. Access to and use of this site is provided by The Hepatitis C Trust and is subject to the terms and conditions set out below. Please note that users should read through the terms and conditions below along with our privacy policy and cookie policy before using this website.
Your use constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions as at the date of your first use of the site.
The Hepatitis C Trust reserves the rights to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online. The date of the last amendment will always be listed at the bottom of these terms. Your continued use of our website is deemed to be your acceptance of the modified terms of use.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and any dispute arising from these terms and conditions or your use of the website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
2. Definitions
The Hepatitis C Trust is a registered charity whose registered address is 27 Crosby Row, London SE1 3YD. Our Charity Registration Number in England is 1104279 and in Scotland is SCO39914, our Companies House Registration Number is 05069924.
- “Website” means www.hepctrust.org.uk, or any other website under The Hepatitis C Trust's ownership or control from which a link has been created to these terms and conditions.
- “You”, “your” and “yours” means the person(s) accessing the website.
-“We”, “us” and “our” means The Hepatitis C Trust.
-“Material” means any information, data, text, graphics, links, programming code or other material published, contained or available on the website.
-“Your content” is any and all the content submitted or uploaded by users of the website, including names, photographs, video clips, biographical information, text, logos, files and any other information and materials.
3. Trademarks and logos
• The Hepatitis C Trust’s website and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to The Hepatitis C Trust are provided “as is” without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty or any kind whether express or implied. In no event will The Hepatitis C Trust be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages howsoever arising from the use or in connection with such loss or use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence.
• Trade marks, logos and service marks, together called “trade marks”, used on our website, whether registered or unregistered, are property of their owners. Unless otherwise stated, we do not give you permission to use any trade mark on our website without its owner’s consent.
4. Copyright and our Website
• The Hepatitis C Trust along with our content and technology providers, own the copyright to our websites. All content is under copyright. Any unauthorised use of our website’s content may infringe third parties rights. You may not use it unless with our prior written consent or as allowed in the following exceptions:
- You use the material for non-commercial, personal use only;
- All copyright notices are kept on the material; and
- You do not modify, reproduce, display, distribute or perform the material for any public use without prior written consent from The Hepatitis C Trust.
• Exceptions relate to material produced by The Hepatitis C Trust which we intend for the widest possible distribution including but not limited to:
- The Hepatitis C Trust infographics
- The Hepatitis C Trust toolkits
- The Hepatitis C Trust strategies
- The Hepatitis C Trust reports
- The Hepatitis C Trust factsheets
- The Hepatitis C Trust campaign resources
Some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not The Hepatitis C Trust). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
5. Viruses
• Although The Hepatitis C Trust has a strict policy to ensure our anti-virus software is up-to-date we do not guarantee that the functions contained in the material on this site will be uninterrupted or error free. Nor can we guarantee that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials. Users of the site are advised to take reasonable steps to use suitable anti-virus and firewall systems in order to protect your computer and equipment. The Hepatitis C Trust does not accept any liability for any loss or damage as a result of any infection of your computer and equipment.
• You must not introduce, or try to introduce, any virus or other contaminant to our website or any of its software or systems. Nor should you try to alter, de-compile, reverse engineer, destroy or tamper with any part of our website, its software or our systems. You must not try to weaken or damage how our website works, whether by helping to organise, or actively take part in, a denial of service attacked or otherwise.
6. Material on our website
• Whilst all reasonable care has been taken in compiling the information on the website we do not guarantee its accuracy or reliability and neither The Hepatitis C Trust, nor its editors, can be held responsible for any inaccuracies or misstatements of fact beyond our control. We may make changes to the material on the website at any time without notice. We and any third parties referred to on the website assume no responsibility for how you use the information provided through the website.
• We are always interested in hearing The Hepatitis C Trust you think of the material on our website – please contact us. Some of the material on the website has been written by organisations and individuals not employed by The Hepatitis C Trust (for example material provided through integrated data feeds or aggregated news content). We cannot guarantee its accuracy or reliability.
•Some of the material on the website forms part of an archive of news reporting or an archive of newsletters. The date of publication is stated on this material and it is not updated. Please take care to note these dates, as some of the information contained in this material will not reflect current situations, guidelines or best practice.
7. Medical information
• Any medical information referred to in or through this website is not intended to replace consultation with a qualified medical practitioner, or to endorse any specific treatment, healthcare or other service provider. You are strongly advised to talk to an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
8. Links to external content providers
• The Hepatitis C Trust takes no responsibility for the content of external Internet sites. Other websites that we link to are owned and operated by third parties and The Hepatitis C Trust has no control over them. This includes links to video sharing platforms such as YouTube. The fact that we include links to other websites does not mean that The Hepatitis C Trust approves of or endorses any other third-party website or the content of that website. We accept no liability for any statements, information, products or services that are published on or are accessible through any websites owned or operated by third parties. That being said, any potential conflicts of interest should be raised with The Hepatitis C Trust. You can do so by clicking here.
9. Content submissions
• Any and all website submissions that a user willingly transmits to the website will be deemed as freely given consensual personal information and will be treated in line with our Privacy Policy. You agree whenever you submit your content to our website you must comply with our content standards. You agree your content must be accurate where it states facts and be genuinely held where it states opinions.
• We reserve the right to reject, block, suspend or remove your content at any time at our sole discretion. We in no way guarantee that your content or any part of it will be displayed on the website. Any content is published at our discretion.
• If any offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content is submitted to any section of The Hepatitis C Trust website, or if any disruptive behaviour takes place via The Hepatitis C Trust website, The Hepatitis C Trust may use your personal information to stop such behaviour.
• Where The Hepatitis C Trust reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any laws of England and Wales (or the law of Scotland if you live there), we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
Cookies
• What are cookies?
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files passed to your computer, mobile phone or other device, through your web browser, so the website remembers who you are between pages or visits. So every time you come back to our website, your browser will send the cookie file back to our website’s server. You can find out more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
• Why does The Hepatitis C Trust use cookies?
Cookies are essentially useful because they improve your experience of using our website by giving you a more personalised experience. Additionally, we use cookies to track how this website is used via Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to help gather statistics on how people use this website. For example, which country the user is from, and which pages you visit while on the website. We can then work on these sections of our website to improve your experience. We also use this information to help us decide whether there are other information resources we could develop to meet the needs of people visiting the website. As a charity which has to apply for funding, we can also use this information in support of grant applications or to report on how successful a project has been e.g. to report on how many people are accessing relevant pages of the website. The Cookies used on this website are:
Cookie Name
Description
Session
_ga
This is a Google Analytics cookie that is used to distinguish users.
2 Years
_gat
This is a Google Analytics cookie that is used to throttle request rate.
10 Minutes
To read more about Google’s cookies visit this website.
YouTube/Vimeo – If you click on a video on our website then some cookies may be used for tracking views etc.
Managing Cookies
To read more about Google’s cookies visit this website.
YouTube/Vimeo – If you click on a video on our website then some cookies may be used for tracking views etc.
Managing Cookies
Information on how to manage your cookie settings - please follow the link for your browser:
• Internet Explorer
• Chrome
• Firefox
• Safari
• For other browsers and mobile devices we recommend you use a search engine and enter something like “how to change cookie settings in [browser/device name here]”.
Confidential helpline020 7089 6221
Top
Our Trust
The Hepatitis C Trust is a registered charity. We have adopted the Information Standard which means we are committed to providing reliable and evidence-based information.
Charity registration numbers
Charity registration numbers: Scotland SC039914, England and Wales 1104279, company number 05069924
Contact Us
Confidential helpline
020 7089 6221
Email enquiries
helpline@hepctrust.org.uk
Sign up for newsletters
Leave this field blank
Helplines Partnership
The Information Standard
©2020 Hepatitis C Trust
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Statement