https://www.adaptcommunitynetwork.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
ADAPT Community Network values your right to privacy on the World Wide Web. Following is a detailed description of the Privacy Policy for the ADAPT Community Network website. We provide easy access to this policy on every page of our website. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any site that is linked to the ADAPT Community Network website. Questions regarding this policy may be sent to our site coordinator at info@adaptcommunitynetwork.org. This Privacy Policy is subject to change.
ONLINE DONATIONS
Your online donations are safe and secure. We use industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and the security of your transaction during transmission.
Donations made through our website are in compliance with PCI data security standards. We do not store or retain your credit/debit card information after the transaction is processed. All online transactions will be confirmed by a follow-up email.
ADAPT Community Network’s goal is to forge a long-term partnership with you, and we value and appreciate the trust that accompanies your online donation. If you donate online, we will never sell, rent or trade this information to a third party.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Personally Identifiable Information includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone and fax number, and email addresses. We do not collect personally identifiable information unless it is voluntarily and knowingly given to us. It is not necessary to register on the ADAPT Community Network site to gain access to most of the information available on the site.
You do have the option to register, however, in which case ADAPT Community Network will ask you to provide personally identifiable information. A cookie, which is a tiny element of data that a Web site sends to your browser and then stores on your hard drive, will only be used to help us identify registered repeat users of our site. Other instances when personally identifiable information is requested include: online registration for events and conferences, online donations, e-commerce purchases, sending e-postcards, online inquiries, and requests for written information or to be added to our mailing list.
ADAPT Community Network does not sell, rent, share or disclose your personally identifiable information with or to other organizations. You may amend your personally identifiable information or change the purpose for which it was sent to us (i.e., cancel your subscription to our newsletter) at any time. If you make a donation in memory or honor of another individual, or if you send an e-postcard, the same policy applies to that individual’s personally identifiable information.
AGGREGATE INFORMATION
In addition to the information provided to us by our visitors, we use standard Internet tracking tools that collect general information about the traffic to our site. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregate traffic analysis, which includes: total number of visitors, most visited sections, peak traffic times, browser versions utilized, referring Web sites, search engines used, etc. We use this information to improve the quality of the content and information provided through our website.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Because much of our site is information-driven, we frequently provide links to other Web sites which contain information and resources that our visitors may find useful. These sites operate independently of ADAPT Community Network and have established their own privacy and security practices. We encourage you to independently review the privacy policy of any site you visit.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Periodically, ADAPT Community Network may make changes to our Internet Privacy Policy or alter the functionality of our Web site. This statement is updated accordingly when such changes occur, so we encourage you to check back periodically for the latest information on privacy practices.
Any questions regarding the Privacy Policy of the ADAPT Community Network website may be sent via email to info@adaptcommunitynetwork.org, or by calling (212) 683-6700.