https://www.neuroblastoma.org.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About neuroblastoma
About neuroblastoma
Neuroblastoma Parents' Booklet
Personal Stories
Clinical Trials
Relapsed neuroblastoma study
Supporting decision making
Helpful resources
Research
Our Research Approach
Current Research Projects
Ongoing research projects
Small Research Grants
Applying for a Grant
Research Symposium
Research FAQs
Research blog
Support Our Work
Christmas appeal
Sporting Events
Fundraise in your community
Corporate Fundraising
Donating in memory
Other Ways to Help
Keeping in Touch
News
Our Shop
Donate
Privacy PolicyHow we respect privacy when we deal with personal information collected by our organisation This Privacy Policy applies to information we (Neuroblastoma UK) collect about individuals who interact with our organisation. It explains what personal information we collect and how we use it. If you have any comments or questions about this notice, feel free to contact us. 1. Personal data that we processPersonal information we would normally collect from you may include:  name, email address, postal address, telephone numbers.In addition, personal information collected by third parties with your consent - for example, JustGiving, BT MyDonate or Virgin London Marathon - may be shared with us and may include: payment information, date of birth, event information, whether you are a UK tax payer for Gift Aid purposes.We may also collect unidentifiable personal information through cookies.2. How we use your dataWe will only use your data in a manner that is appropriate considering the basis on which that data was collected. We will use your information to provide you with the services you have requested and reply to enquiries you have sent us.We will use your personal information to keep a record of our relationship and for internal administrative purposes such as Gift Aid eligibility. With your consent, we will use your personal information to let you know about the charity’s work and about how you can help us – for example about volunteering opportunities, fundraising activities and how to donate.We will also use your personal information for statistical analysis about how we can best meet your needs.3. When we share your dataWe will only pass your data to third parties in the following circumstances:you have provided your explicit consent for us to pass data to a named third party; we are using a third party purely for the purposes of processing data on our behalf; orwe are required by law to share your data. In addition, we will only pass data to third parties outside of the EU where appropriate safeguards are in place as defined by Article 46 of the General Data Protection Regulation. 4. Rights you have over your dataYou have a range of rights over your data, which include the following:Where data processing is based on consent, you may revoke this consent at any time and we will make it as easy as possible for you to do this (for example by putting ‘unsubscribe’ links at the bottom of all our marketing emails). You have the right to ask for rectification and/or deletion of your information. You have the right of access to your information. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner if you feel your rights have been infringed.  A full summary of your legal rights over your data can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website here: https://ico.org.uk/If you would like to access the rights listed above, or any other legal rights you have over your data under current legislation, please get in touch with us. Please note that relying on some of these rights, such as the right to deleting your data, will make it impossible for us to continue to deliver some services to you. However, where possible we will always try to allow the maximum access to your rights while continuing to deliver as many services to you as possible. 6. Cookies & usage trackingA cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, eg remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket, and counting the number of people looking at a website.Where cookies are used to collect personal data, we list these purposes in section 1 above, along with other personal data that we collect. However, we also use some cookies that do not collect personal information but that do help us collect anonymous information about how people use our website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose.  Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google and used by us to create reports about website usage. Google's privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.For more information about cookies please see http://www.aboutcookies.org/7. ModificationsWe may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and will publish the most current version on our website. If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we'll notify people whose personal data we hold and is affected.
get in touch By Phone 020 3096 7890 or by email
*Text to donate: Texts cost one standard rate message, plus your donation amount. Your details are safe with us. We will not collect or share your personal data so you can be sure you will not hear from us via telephone or SMS. Please take a look at our Privacy Policy for more information.Copyright © 1982- Neuroblastoma UK, Registered Charity No. 326385
Logo & Branding developed by Eight Creative at Ballsy     |     Website by 3B Digital Ltd.