http://www.foot.com/terms-of-use
The World's Most Trusted Source for Foot Health™
Search for:
Foot Pain Identifier
Conditions & Treatments
Arch Types
Diabetes Center
In The News
Foot Scanning
Ask The Doctor
Foot Pain Identifier
Conditions & Treatments
Arch Types
Diabetes Center
In The News
Foot Scanning
Ask The Doctor
Terms of Use
Terms of Use for Foot.com Website
Thank you for using foot.com. These Terms of Use set forth the agreement between foot.com, which is owned, operated, and maintained by Aetrex Worldwide, Inc., and each individual user governing the use of the website.
Please carefully read the following Terms of Use and Below Disclaimer before using the Foot.com Web site. By using our Web site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use this site. These Terms of Use expressly incorporate by reference and include the Foot.com privacy policy any guidelines, rules or disclaimers that may be posted and updated on specific Foot.com Web Pages or on notices that are sent to you. Foot.com reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter or update these Terms of Use, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates.
I. GENERAL LEGAL TERMS GOVERNING FOOT.COM
Disclaimer: – – Our Website Does Not Provide Medical Advice
The contents of the foot.com site, such as text, graphics, images, and other material contained on our site is for informational purposes only. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on foot.com.
The Foot.com website is maintained to facilitate access to information about foot health and to provide information about foot care products. The materials, information, and answers provided by and through this website are not intended to replace the services of a trained health care professional or to be a substitute for medical advice provided by a qualified physician or other appropriate health care professional. You should consult your own physician or other appropriate health care professional on specific medical questions, including matters requiring diagnosis, treatment, therapy or medical attention. Opinions expressed by foot health professionals on this website are their own and not necessarily the opinions of Foot.com or Aetrex Worldwide, Inc.
Copyright:
All content included in our Web site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and video, is the property of Foot.com or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of Foot.com for the sole purpose of placing an order with Foot.com or using the Web site as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of Foot.com is strictly prohibited.
Trademark:
All trademarks, logos, service marks and trade names are proprietary to Foot.com or other respective owners that have granted Foot.com the right and license to use such intellectual property.
Rules of Acceptable Behavior in Chat Rooms, on Bulletin Boards, and During Interactive Sessions:
Any interactive sessions, chat room and/or bulletin board functions provided at this site are merely provided as a forum for the community that shops at Foot.com. All postings during any session, in any chat room or on a bulletin board are not under the control of Foot.com and are not information or opinions of Foot.com. Foot.com does not endorse, approve, or certify such information, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correctness of such postings. Use of any posting or reliance on any advice is voluntary, at your own risk and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review. Reference in these sections of the Site to any specific commercial product, process or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by Foot.com. Foot.com is not responsible for and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information found on this web site. Foot.com makes no guarantees or warranties, including but not limited to any express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose.
You shall not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through the site any content that is harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, sexually explicit, or otherwise violates any law, including but not limited to criminal, trademark and copyright law. You shall not post content that encourages or promotes illegal activity, content that discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them, or content that may give rise to civil or criminal liability in any way, or which violates federal, state, or local laws. You shall not post materials containing spam, commercial or advertising content. You shall not post materials containing links to any sites that violate any section of these Terms of Use, including but not limited to commercial or advertising content. You shall not in any manner impersonate anyone else or misrepresent the true identity of the user. You should not post any private information to chat rooms and/or message boards, nor should You assume that postings are completely anonymous.
By submitting any content to this web site, you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted, Foot.com the royalty-free, perpetual irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, transmit, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content in an electronic environment.
By submitting content to this web site you agree that Foot.com has the right to remove and delete any postings for any reason whatsoever, or for no reason at all. Foot.com reserves the right to filter from the message board all posts from individuals who display persistent behavior contrary to the Terms of Use governing use of this web site.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Compliance Policy:
It is our policy to promptly respond to claims of copyright infringement. If you believe that an infringing copyrighted work is accessible on this site, you may notify our registered copyright agent by sending the following information to the address listed below:
The signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright. This signature can be physical or electronic.
A statement that this person is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
A statement that this person has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the complained-of manner is not authorized either by the copyright owner, by the owner’s agent, or by law;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site; and
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
Please put “Notice of Infringement” in the subject line of all such notifications, and send the notification to:
copyright@foot.com
We will process and investigate all notices of alleged infringement as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), and will remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. When we remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing, we may attempt to contact the user who has posted such material in order to give that user an opportunity to respond to the notification. If the user posting the material gives a counter-notification claiming that the use is authorized, we will furnish that counter-notification to the complaining party, and will give the complaining party an opportunity to seek judicial relief under the DMCA before we replace or restore access to any materials. We will terminate access to those users who are repeat infringers.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
THE FOOT.COM WEB SITE AND ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS.” EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, FOOT.COM MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY OR USEFULNESS OF ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED AND OTHER WARRANTIES. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, SOME OF THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU INSOFAR AS THEY RELATE TO SUCH WARRANTIES. THIS PARAGRAPH DOES NOT APPLY TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS.
Limitation on Liability:
FOOT.COM SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO THE USER OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGE OR LOSS INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY FOOT.COM OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE, OR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS INTERRUPTIONS, DELETIONS OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE CLAIM AS TO THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF FOOT.COM HAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS.
IN SOME JURISDICTIONS, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE NOT PERMITTED. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, SOME OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS PARAGRAPH DOES NOT APPLY TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS.
Indemnification:
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold Foot.com and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all liability and costs incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of the Terms of Use or otherwise arising from your use of the site, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Foot.com reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
Termination:
Foot.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend a user’s access to all or part of the site for any reason, or no reason whatsoever including, without limitation, breach of the Terms of Use.
Access To and Availability of Links:
Foot.com contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. Foot.com is not responsible for the availability of external sites or resources linked to this site, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Transactions that occur between You and the third party are strictly between you and the third party and are not the responsibility of Foot.com. Because Foot.com is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, you should review the terms and conditions of these linked sites, as their policies may differ from ours. You should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its site administrator or Webmaster.
Jurisdiction:
APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE
Our websites are controlled from our offices within the United States. We make no representation that the content herein is appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Users who choose to access our websites from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the content in violation of United States export laws and regulations. Any claim relating to our websites, the services provided through our websites or the content shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New Jersey, without reference to its choice of law provisions. If there is a dispute between you and us, or any of our affiliates, employees, parent entities, or subsidiaries, officers, or directors, you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction and venue reside in the state and federal courts located in Bergen County and Newark, New Jersey respectively.
II. FOOT.COM PRIVACY POLICY
Please see our complete privacy policy here.
Foot.com
414 Alfred Ave,
Teaneck, New Jersey 07666
Phone: (800) 526-2739 | Fax: (800) 526-0073
Sign Up to Our Newsletter and Start a Healthier Lifestyle
HomeDiagnoseConditions & TreatmentsFoot NewsAsk the DoctorFoot ScanningVideosMyfeet.com
aetrex.com©2020 Aetrex Worldwide Inc. All rights reserved
Foot.com does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment (See terms of use for detail).
Terms of Use · Privacy Policy