http://www.ratzrus.co.uk/cookie-policy.htm
Home
Rat
Guides
Community
Shop
Links
FAQ
Search
Contact
Current location: Home
> Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you
with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed
on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Remember your settings during and between visits
Offer you free services/content (thanks to advertising)
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express
permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website
(your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued
use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish
to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this
below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as
you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We do not use our own cookies to make our website (eyr.manicweb.co.uk)
work.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties.
Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Google Custom Search
Google Custom Search Engine functionality has been implemented
on this site on the search page and stores any cookies for user
preferences, including those which may already be set by a user
in their Google Account.
PREF - Remembers any Google preference settings the user
has set when using a specific browser on an individual computer
such as Safesearch, location, language. Expires in 729 days
or when you clean out your cookies.
NID - A unique identifier which stores any user preferences.
Expires in 6 months or when you clear out your cookies.
If you have a Google Account other cookies may also be set
- eg, if you have Google + and are using the search, it will
also install the Google + cookies (APISID, HSID, PREF, SAPISID,
SID, SSID) which helps you receive customised content from
Google and its partners. If you don't want these cookies
to be set then you need to log out of your Google account
before using the search.
If you do not want these cookies placed, please do not use our
search page or turn off your cookies. Please see Google's
privacy policy. See also the Google
Ad Preferences Manager.
Amazon Associates aStore
These cookies are set by Amazon.co.uk, and relate to the Amazon
store widget that you will find in our shop. These cookies enable
Amazon to manage its affiliate program and this in turn enables
us to gain a small share of the profits from any sales derived
from these links. The revenue from this helps us to fund our site.
Visit Amazon's
privacy policy for further details on their cookies.
session-id - Expires in 7 days or when you clear out your
cookies
session-id-time - Expires in 7 days or when you clear out
your cookies
ubid-acbuk - Expires in 23 years (!) or when you clear out
your cookies
See the Amazon
Advertising Preferences page.
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these
third parties.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily "Like" or share our content on the likes of
Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:
AddThis
Allows our users to share content from our sites with their friends
and contacts through a social networking and bookmarking sites.
We have set the configuration of our site to prevent AddThis placing
cookies.
Despite the fact that we prevent AddThis from setting cookies,
other sites might let them through. You can easily stop AddThis
from collecting any information about you for online behavioural
advertising by opting
out. This will prevent advertisers from receiving any data
that could be used to tailor advertising for you. This will also
prevent websites that use AddThis from learning about your interests
in order to personalize their content or services for you.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social
network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on
these networks.
Banner Adverts
We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site. These adverts
are usually managed by a partner specialising in providing adverts for multiple
sites. Invariably these partners place cookies to collect anonymous data
about the websites you visits so they can personalise the adverts to you,
ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately
report to advertisers on which adverts are working. Our partners include:
Amazon Associates - no Amazon cookies, outwith the aStore shopping pages,
are placed via this site and will only be used once you click on a relevant
product link and are taken to the Amazon.co.uk website. See the Amazon
Advertising Preferences page.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to
stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here).
Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large
proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most
modern websitesIt may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called
"spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find
that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically
deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing
cookies with antispyware software.The cookie information text on this
site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/,
a marketing agency based in Edinburgh. If you need similar information for
your own website you can use their free
cookie audit tool.
Stats
Bookmark Us
Affiliates
YouTube Pet Rat Videos
Copyright © Ratz R Us 2001 - 2020. All rights reserved
. Terms
of Use | Privacy
Policy | Site
Map.
Designed by Manic
Web
Cookies
in Use