http://www.dejarnette.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
facebook
twitter
linkedin
tel +1 (410) 583-0680
emailsales@dejarnette.com
Search
Privacy Policy
Overview
DeJarnette Research Systems is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis by which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed, whether in the course of using our web site, or otherwise interacting with us for information, products, and services we may provide to you.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process information you provide when using our site at www.dejarnette.com. Additionally, if you enter into any transactions on our site, we will store the details of such transactions. Information collected may include: information you provide when requesting to download free trial software ; information you provide when you request sales information, technical support, training, or consulting services.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The data we collect from you will be stored on servers in our headquarters in Towson, MD USA. The data may be processed by staff who work for us. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this storing and processing. The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via our web site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Uses Made of Your Information
We do not sell, rent or lease our customer lists and information to third parties. We may use your information to: provide you with services that you request from us; carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; notify you of changes to our services; contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
Disclosure of Your Information
In the event we sell any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of such business and assets. We may access or disclose information about you if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our employees and customers.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You may exercise this right at any time by contacting us at info@dejarnette.com. You can stop the delivery of future promotional email from DeJarnette by following the opt-out instructions in emails you receive.
Free Trial
Entegra+... an all purpose interface engine. Sign up for a 60-day free trial
Upcoming Events
No Upcoming Events at this time
Latest News
DeJarnette Research Systems Releases Entegra+ 4.0.1 (Oct 17, 2019)
DeJarnette Releases Entegra+ (Sep 10, 2019)
+1 (410) 583-0680
1 Olympic Place, Suite 900 Towson, Maryland 21204
sales@dejarnette.com
Copyright © 2019 DeJarnette Research Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2018 DeJarnette Research Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Events
Top