http://www.jointepilepsycouncil.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact Us
Understanding Epilepsy
Living with Epilepsy
Erasing Stigma
Child Epilepsy
Epilepsy in the Workplace FAQ’s
What to Do if a Colleague Experiences an Epilepsy
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits jointepilepsycouncil.org.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by jointepilepsycouncil.org.uk
Cookies is a name for a small file, usually of letters and numbers, which is download onto your device, like your computer, mobile phone or table when you visit a website.
They let websites recognise your device, so that the sites can work, or work better, and also gather information about how you use the site. A cookie, by itself, can’t be used to identify you.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you come to our website and also allows us to improve our site.
The cookies we use
We use the categorisation set out by the International Chamber of Commerce in their UK Cookie Guide.
We use all four categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies are essential for you to move around our website and to use its features, like our shopping basket and your account.
Performance cookies collect anonymous information about how you use our site, like which pages are visited most. No information that identifies you is kept.
Functionality cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience, like your text size or location. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. They are anonymous.
Targeting or advertising cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.
Search engine
Our website search and decision notice search is powered by System Associates. Search queries and results are logged anonymously to help us improve our website and search functionality. No user-specific data is collected by either jointepilepsycouncil.org.uk or any third party.
Useful LinksAbout Us
Contact Us
error: Content is protected !!