https://www.isuog.org/privacy-policy.html
You're here:
Homepage
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Bookmark this page
This policy applies to all members, website users, registered users, ISUOG event delegates, ISUOG committee or task force applicants, Outreach volunteers and job applicants. This policy describes how and why ISUOG uses your personal information, how we protect your privacy when doing so, and your rights and choices regarding this information. We promise to respect any of your personal information which is under our control and to keep it safe. We aim to be clear when we collect your information about what we will do with it.
We are a large charity with relationships with thousands of members, subscribers, volunteers, supporters and researchers, so we use personal information on a day to day basis in order to operate. Our use of personal information allows us to disseminate the highest quality education, standards and research information around ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology with the aim to improve women’s health.
This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
Please also view the ISUOG membership terms and conditions and website terms of use.
ISUOG's Privacy Policy
Who we are
The International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology (ISUOG) is registered as a company (2722770) and charity (1030406) in England and Wales whose registered office is at 122 Freston Road, London W10 6TR, United Kingdom.
How we collect information about you
We collect information in the following ways:
Information you provide to us directly
You may give us your information in order to sign up for membership, to receive our newsletter, make a donation, purchase our products, attend one of our events, attend a course approved by ISUOG or if you register as a volunteer, media volunteer or ambassador for us.
In addition, in accordance with common website practice, we will receive information about the type of device you’re using to access our website or apps. For more information, please refer to our ‘Use of cookies’ section below.
Information you provide to us indirectly
Your information may be sent to us by third parties, for example:
approved course organisers
free trainee programme partners
Outreach Project Lead or Local Liaison Organisers
ISUOG assumes that this third party provider has made their privacy policy known and is complying with data protection rules that allow them to send us your personal information. You should check any privacy policy provided to you where you give your data to a third party.
Use of cookies
In addition to the information you submit to us via the ISUOG website, ISUOG may collect information about visits to the site. ISUOG collects information on page browser access. This is used within ISUOG to improve the design, layout and content of its site and to support the development of new products and services. ISUOG gathers information on the relative popularity of each page, the average number of pages accessed by visitors, the number of emails sent or files downloaded, and the average time spent on the site. None of this information is linked back to you as individual.
Cookies enable users to navigate the pages and if required customize the content to the needs of the user. Without cookies activated, we cannot guarantee your experience will be as we intended. Please note, if you delete or decline cookies, you may not be able to use all the functions we offer, that you cannot save your preferences and that our pages may not display properly.
The website and other online third party software, used by ISUOG to provide educational and clinical resources may use the following cookies:
Session cookies - to enhance your browsing quality by allowing ISUOG to know what pages you visit on this website, the ISUOG Academy, and others, so that you do not have to enter the data again.
Permanent cookies - these will stay saved if you have given your permission for this, e.g. if you checked “Remember me”. A permanent cookie will remember your choices when you next login. This helps identify you as an individual visitor, but does not contain any information that may help others to identify you.
Google Analytics - we use this information to compile reports on website usage, visitor sources and analyse browser versions.
Vimeo/YouTube cookies - may be set on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player. YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
Third-party security service – ISUOG uses a third party service (Message Labs) to filter out malicious requests.
General users - visitors to the ISUOG website
ISUOG only collects aggregate data from users visiting and browsing its website, such as the number of visits per page are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information. We collect IP addresses to track visits by the use of cookies.
As a newsletter subscriber
When you join ISUOG as a “subscriber” you are subscribing to receive the ISUOG newsletter and updates on education and research on ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology, and to have access to the restricted personal area of the website. The word "subscriber" refers to your subscription or your status as a subscriber to the service.
These terms and conditions form the basis of the contract through which ISUOG will deliver its service. On subscribing you agree to these terms and conditions and you are providing us with the appropriate consent to handle your personal information for these purposes in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Data protection and use of personal data
For the purposes of the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018, ISUOG is the Data Controller of any personal data you supply. However, if you use Worldpay to pay for your membership or for registering for a course, Worldpay will also be a data controller of the personal data you share with us. Please refer to Worldpay's Privacy statement for more: https://online.worldpay.com/terms/privacy
If you apply for membership, application for services and newsletters, the personal data you supply will be used to process your application, to provide our services to you and to administer your membership. This may include troubleshooting aimed at preventing, detecting and repairing problems affecting the operation of the services and the improvement of features with joint data processors (Pixel8, Microsoft Dynamics).
How we use your information
We will use your personal information where relevant to:
provide you with the services, products or information you asked for;
keep a record of your relationship with us;
respond to or fulfil any requests, complaints or queries you make to us;
understand how we can improve our services, products or information by conducting analysis and market research;
manage our events;
further our charitable objectives;
for Outreach Volunteers, to inform you on upcoming Outreach programs to potentially apply for;
register, administer and personalise online accounts when you sign up to products we have developed;
send you correspondence and communicate with you;
administer our websites and to troubleshoot, perform data analysis, research, generate statistics and surveys related to our technical systems;
test our technical systems to make sure they are working as expected;
display content to you in a way appropriate to the device you are using (for example if you are viewing content on a mobile device or a computer);
generate reports on our work, services and events;
safeguard our staff and volunteers;
monitor website use to identify visitor location, guard against disruptive use, monitor website traffic and/or personalise information which is presented to you;
process your application for a job or volunteering position;
conduct training and quality control;
audit and administer our accounts;
meet our legal obligations, for instance to perform contracts between you and us, or our obligations to regulators, government and/or law enforcement bodies;
carry out fraud prevention and money laundering checks;
undertake credit risk reduction activities;
as part of a sale of some or all of our undertakings and assets to any third party, on a temporary or permanent basis, for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, sale, merger, reorganisation, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event (we will always notify you in advance and we will aim to ensure that your privacy rights will continue to be protected); and/or
establish, defend or enforce legal claims.
Sending marketing communications
Our marketing communications include information about education and research on ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology, including our events and updates about what ISUOG is doing. Occasionally, we may include information from partner organisations or organisations who support us in these communications. We operate an ‘opt-in only’ communication policy with the exception of standard administrative communications, e.g. application for payment, invoices, receipts, membership certificates. We will only send marketing communications to you if you have explicitly stated that you are happy for us to do so through direct communication or social media and other platforms as appropriate.
We may use information you have given us directly, for example the record of your previous membership purchases, your location and demographics, as well as the type of activity you have been involved with, for marketing purposes, to tailor our communications with you about future activities.
Committee and Task Force applicants
After applying for a role with an ISUOG committee or task force, we will use the information provided on your application form to process your application and monitor recruitment statistics.
Details of unsuccessful candidates are kept for 12 months after which the data is deleted from our records.
If you would like ISUOG to delete your details from our records, please write to
data@isuog.org.
We keep and use anonymous statistical information from applicants to enhance our recruitment processes and to monitor equality and diversity. This will not contain any information that could identify individual job applicants.
If an applicant has been successful and begins volunteering with ISUOG, we will create a personal file, which will contain information you have provided. Contact information will be shared with ISUOG staff and other ISUOG volunteers and committee or task force members, and your name and picture will be displayed on our website. After your term’s end, your name will be part of our historic archive of volunteers for governance and statistical purposes.
Managing your contact preferences
We make it easy for you to tell us how you want us to communicate, in a way that suits you. Our forms have clear marketing preference questions and we include information on how to opt out when we send you marketing. If you don’t want to hear from us, that’s fine, and you can change your preferences at any time. Just let us know when you provide your data or contact us by telephoning +44 (0) 20 7471 9955, emailing us at data@isuog.org, or visiting MyISUOG.
Legal basis for processing
Data protection laws mean that each use we make of personal information must have a “legal basis”. The relevant legal bases are set out in the GDPR and in current UK data protection legislation including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Specific consent
Consent is where we ask you if we can use your information in a certain way, and you agree to this (for example when we send you marketing material via post, phone, text or e-mail). Where we use your information for a purpose based on consent, you have the right to withdraw consent for any future use of your information for this purpose at any time by telephoning +44 (0) 20 7471 9955, emailing us at data@isuog.org.
Legal obligation
We have a basis to use your personal information where we need to do so to comply with one of our legal or regulatory obligations. For example, in some cases we may need to share your information with our various regulators such as the Charity Commission, Fundraising Regulator, Information Commissioner, or to use information we collect about you for due diligence or ethical screening purposes.
Performance of a contract / take steps at your request to prepare for entry into a contract
We have a basis to use your personal information where we are entering into a contract with you or performing our obligations under that contract. Examples of this would be if you are buying something from us (for instance membership or registration for one of our events), applying to work with us, or being funded to undertake research.
Vital interests
We have a basis to use your personal information where it is necessary for us to protect life or health. For instance if there is an emergency impacting individuals at one of our events or Outreach trips, or a safeguarding issue which required us to contact people unexpectedly or share their information with emergency services.
Legitimate interests
We have a basis to use your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us (or others) to do so and in our/their “legitimate interests” (provided that what the information is used for is fair and does not unduly impact your rights).
We consider our legitimate interests to include all of the day-to-day activities ISUOG carries out with personal information including:
providing membership services
use of personal information when we are monitoring use of our website or apps for technical purposes;
use of personal information to administer, review and keep an internal record of the people we work with, including our volunteers and contributors
sharing of personal information between relevant teams and committees within ISUOG
for Outreach Volunteers: creating Volunteer profile within the Outreach Volunteer database. Information kept includes blood type, personal health details and passport information.
We only rely on legitimate interests where we consider that any potential impact on you (positive and negative), how intrusive it is from a privacy perspective and your rights under data protection laws do not override our (or others’) interests in us using your information in this way.
When we use sensitive personal information (for example, information about your race or ethnic origin, your religious or political beliefs, or your health), we require an additional legal basis to do so under data protection laws, so will either do so on the basis of your explicit consent or another route available to us at law for using this type of information (for example if you have made the information manifestly public, we need to process it for employment, social security or social protection law purposes, your vital interests, or, in some cases, if it is in the public interest for us to do so).
How we keep your information safe
We ensure that there are appropriate technical and organisational controls (including physical, electronic and managerial measures) in place to protect your personal details. For example our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share financial details with any third parties.
How long we keep your information for
ISUOG has specific criteria to determine how long we will retain your information for, which are determined by legal and operational considerations. For instance we are required to keep some personal information for tax or health and safety purposes, as well as keep a record of your interactions with us.
For ISUOG Outreach Volunteers, we retain the information in your profile unless you explicitly write to ISUOG Outreach asking for it to be deleted. In such occasions, ISUOG would permanently delete all files containing your information used for legitimate interest.
Sharing your information with other organisations
We will never sell or rent your information to third parties for marketing purposes. However we may disclose your information to third parties in connection with the other purposes set out in this policy. These third parties may include:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors who may process information on our behalf;
IT service providers;
Outreach Partners (e.g.: NGOs, Medical Societies, Governments, etc) where information would be needed for project preparation, such as issuing visa letters, flight tickets, security checks, etc.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA) – this may include a country which may not be subject to the same data protection laws as companies based in the UK. In these circumstances, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law, and appropriate safeguards are in place.
Where we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, we may disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors, and/or, where we consider this necessary, to protect the rights, property or safety of ISUOG, its personnel, visitors, users or others.
Information collected from Committee and Task Force applicants
After applying for a role with an ISUOG committee or task force, we will use the information provided on your application form to process your application and monitor recruitment statistics.
Details of unsuccessful candidates are kept for 12 months after which the data is deleted from our records.
If you would like ISUOG to delete your details from our records, please write to data@isuog.org.
We keep and use anonymous statistical information from applicants to enhance our recruitment processes and to monitor equality and diversity. This will not contain any information that could identify individual job applicants.
If an applicant has been successful and begins volunteering with ISUOG, we will create a personal file, which will contain information you have provided. Contact information will be shared with ISUOG staff and other ISUOG volunteers and committee or task force members, and your name and picture will be displayed on our website. After your term’s end, your name will be part of our historic archive of volunteers for governance and statistical purposes.
Keeping your information up to date
We really appreciate it if you let us know if your contact details change. If we are informed by reliable sources (such as partnership organisations or official institutions) that your details have changed, we will update your details so we can stay in touch, provided that you have opted in to hearing from ISUOG. We only use sources where we have documented consent from partners who have confirmed that you have been informed of how your information may be shared and used, i.e. trainee programme partnership organisations where free membership is provided, Approved Course organisers who offer their delegates ISUOG membership through the approved course programme. This activity also prevents us from having duplicate records and out of date preferences, so that we don’t contact you when you’ve asked us not to.
We’re committed to putting you in control of your data and you’re free at any time to let us know if you do not want us to check your personal details against other publicly available sources. You can do that when logged into your account please access My ISUOG to update this or telephone us at +44 (0) 20 7471 9955, or by emailing us at data@isuog.org.
Your rights
Under UK data protection law, you have rights over personal information that we hold about you. We’ve summarised these below:
Right to access your personal information
You have a right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you and to other supplementary information including the reason why we use your personal data and how long we will keep it for. You also have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you, and we will provide you with this unless legal exceptions apply.
If you want to access your information, send a description of the information you want to see by post to International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology (ISUOG), 122 Freston Road, London W10 6TR, UK - Tel: +44 (0) 20 7471 9955 or data@isuog.org
Right to have your inaccurate personal information corrected
You have the right to have inaccurate or incomplete information we hold about you corrected. If you believe the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, please provide us with details and we will investigate and, where applicable, correct any inaccuracies.
Right to restrict use of your personal information
You have a right to ask us to restrict the processing of some or all of your personal information in the following situations: if you have told us that some information we hold on you isn’t right and we are in the process of verifying the accuracy of the information; we’re not lawfully allowed to use it; you need us to retain your information in order for you to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; or you believe your privacy rights outweigh our legitimate interests to use your information for a particular purpose and you have objected to us doing so.
Right to erasure of your personal information
You may ask us to delete some or all of your personal information and in certain cases, and subject to certain exceptions, you have the right for this to be done.
Right for your personal information to be portable
If we are processing your personal information (1) based on your consent, or in order to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and (2) the processing is being done by automated means, you may ask us to provide it to you or another service provider in a machine-readable format.
Right to object to the use of your personal information
If we are processing your personal information based on our legitimate interests or for scientific/historical research or statistics, you have a right to object to our use of your information.
If we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes, and you wish to object, we will stop processing your information for these purposes as soon as reasonably possible.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please write to us at International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology (ISUOG), 122 Freston Road, London W10 6TR, UK - Tel: +44 (0) 20 7471 9955 or data@isuog.org. We may be required to ask for further information and/or evidence of identity. We will endeavour to respond to your request within one month of receipt of your request, however if we are unable to do so we will contact you with reasons for the delay.
Please note that exceptions apply to a number of these rights, and not all rights will be applicable in all circumstances. For more details we recommend you consult the guidance published by the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO (link is external)).
Complaints
If you are unhappy with any aspect of how we are using your personal information we’d like to hear about it, so please email data@isuog.org. We appreciate the opportunity this feedback gives us to learn and improve.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about any use of your information with the  Information Commissioners Office (link is external), the UK data protection regulator.
Changes to this policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on the ISUOG website or by contacting you directly. This policy was last updated July 30th 2020.
Contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please let us know by contacting us:
International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology (ISUOG)
122 Freston Road, London W10 6TR, UK
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7471 9955
Email: data@isuog.org
Share
OK
Loading...
Cancel
OK
Loading...
Cancel
Login
Loading...