http://www.animal-allergy.com/terms-of-use
Home
– Our People
– Our Research
– News
– Contact Us
Veterinary Professionals
– Submit a Sample
– Tests & Therapies
– Animal Allergy
– Canine Allergy
– Feline Allergy
– Equine Allergy
– Adverse Food Reactions
Laboratories
Contract Research Services
Pet Owners
Login
Search:
Tel: 0800 3 047 047
Search
Home
News
Contact Us
Portal Login
AVACTA ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED (AAH)
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to the Avacta Animal Health website (the “Site”). This Site is owned by Avacta Animal Health Limited (company number: 03879639). Our Company information is as follows: Registered Office: Unit 20, Ash Way, Thorp Arch Estate, Wetherby, LS23 7FA, United Kingdom, Telephone: +44 (0) 800 304 7047, Registered in England and Wales. Reg No. 04748597 email technical.support@avacta.com.  Our principal place of business is at Unit 651, Street 5, Thorp Arch Estate, Wetherby, LS23 7FZ, United Kingdom.
The purpose of this section is to describe the conditions (the “Terms”) that apply to your access to and use of our Site. By visiting and using the Site, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. The following points may help you to understand the legal environment in which we operate:
Nothing contained on this web site shall be deemed to constitute an invitation to invest or otherwise deal in Avacta shares.
The financial information presented on this website does not necessarily comprise full financial statements within the meaning of the Companies Act 2006 (as amended).
Privacy
It is important that you understand the way in which we will use the information we hold about you. Our privacy policy and cookie policy will provide you with further details.
Intellectual Property Rights
All of the material you see on this Site (and all intellectual property rights within it) is owned by us or used by us with the consent of the owner. We are very happy for you to visit this Site and to print copies of material on it for your personal, non-commercial use, but all other copying is prohibited and all other rights are reserved.  If you do not comply with this paragraph your right to use the Site will cease immediately and you must destroy all copies of the materials you have made.
Trade marks
The following are registered trade marks of Avacta Animal Health Limited and Avacta Limited respectively: SENSITEST®, AVACTA®,
Security
When you are provided with a user identification code, password or other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential.  You must not disclose it to any third party except to authorised multiple users.  If you know or suspect that there has been a failure to comply with this provision, you must promptly notify us.
You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technically harmful.  You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected with our Site.  You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or distributed denial-of-service attack.  By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 (as amended).  We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities.
No Warranties
We provide this Site “as is”. We have taken care in preparing materials for the Site but we cannot guarantee that:
it will always be available for you to visit/use in the current format;
material or software downloaded from the Site will be compatible with your equipment or free from viruses;
all materials will be accurate or complete.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform in order to access our Site.  You should use your own virus protection software.
Our Liability
To the fullest extent possible at law we (and all of our sister, parent and subsidiary companies and agencies) exclude;
all conditions, warranties and any other terms which might otherwise be imposed by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
all liability for any loss or damage (including direct, indirect, economic or consequential loss or damage) suffered by you as a result of any visit to or use of this Site or of any materials provided on it or downloaded from it or your inability to use this Site or any error in the provision of this Site or any computer virus or similar technologically harmful material transmitted through this Site whether such loss or damage arises from our negligence or otherwise and even if we are expressly informed of the possibility of such loss or damage, including, without limitation, liability for:
– loss of business;
– loss of income or revenue;
– loss of profits or contracts;
– loss of anticipated savings;
– loss of data;
– loss of goodwill;
– wasted management or office time; or
– loss or damage caused to any equipment or software.
For the avoidance of doubt, we will not be liable to you if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Links to other sites
Links to third party sites on this Site are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave this Site. We have not reviewed all of these third party websites and do not control and are not responsible for these websites or their content. We therefore do not endorse or make any representations about them or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Linking this site
You may not link to this Site without our prior written consent.  If we permit you to link to this Site, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of this Site, and subject to the following conditions:
you do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of our images;
you do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around this Site;
you do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any products or services other than our own;
you do not misrepresent your relationship with us nor present any other false information about us;
you do not otherwise use any trade marks displayed on this Site without prior written permission from us;
you do not link from a website that is not owned by you;
your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations; and
your website does not bring us into disrepute.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission at any time without notice.
Other legal notices
There may be other legal notices on areas of this Site that relate to your use of specific areas.
Changes to this legal notice
We may amend this legal notice from time to time.  Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
We may also update our Site from time to time and may change the content at any time.  However, we are not obliged to update the content of our Site, so it may be out of date at any time.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms (or part of any provision) is found by any court or other authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed not to form part of these Terms and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms shall not be affected.
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and any matter relating to this Site will be governed by English law and the English courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in respect of them.
Avacta Terms & Conditions of Business
To view a copy of our terms of business please click here. Note a revised version was uploaded in April 2018.
© 2018 All rights reserved – Avacta Animal Health Limited
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I ACCEPTPrivacy Policy