https://www.goddardvetgroup.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Homepage »
Cookie Policy
DO WE USE COOKIES?
This website www.goddardvetgroup.co.uk (“Our Site”) uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. We use techniques to enhance user-friendliness and to make Our Site as interesting and as relevant as possible. By using cookies, we are able to provide you with a better experience and to help us to make improvements to Our Site by better understanding how you use it. For example, what pages you view and for how long, etc. Cookies can collect and store information, including personally identifiable information like your name and email address however we will ask for your consent before collecting any personal information. Cookies can only store information you have shared with us through completing a form or by creating an account to manage your preferences.
Please read our Cookie Policy and ensure you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if you continue using Our Site.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded on to your device when you visit a website. They are completely safe and an essential tool that helps improve user experience by collecting information about how you navigate a site. If you would like more information about what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
Most web browsers allow you to disable cookies through your browser settings. However, if you choose to do this, you may not be able to experience the full functionality of our site and you may not be able to access certain areas. We therefore recommend that you accept the use of cookies.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Required and First Party
These are typically required by us to make sure the site is operational. Normally, these cookies only last while your browser is open and are deleted when it is closed. Some may need to remain for longer than the duration of your visit (session) or longer.
You can find out about Google’s position on privacy in regards to its analytics service at https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/gb/
You can also learn more about session cookies and what they are used for at http://www.aboutcookies.org.uk/
Cookie
Name
Purpose
GDPR
gdpr%5Bprivacy_bar%5D, gdpr[allowed_cookies], gdpr[consent_types]
Used to store your cookie and policy consent preferences.
Cloudflare
_hp2_id.3538148622, trwv.uid, optimizelyEndUserId, _uetsid, _hp2_ses_props.3538148622, trwsa.sid, __cfduid
Cookies set by cloudflare which we use to provide security features, optimisations and backups
Performance and THIRD-PARTY cookies
We want to ensure we provide a good experience. These cookies (which are set by third parties providing services to us) allow us to monitor how visitors use our website. These cookies provide us with anonymous statistics on how many people visit the website, where they have come from and the pages they visit so that we can continue to develop and improve the website and our services. They also help us understand the effectiveness of our advertising.
Provider
Name
Description
Zopim
__zlcmid
Zopim Chat Widget
Google Analytics
_gat_vhdTracker, _gat, _ga, _gid
These are used to track user interaction and detect potential problems. These help us improve our services by providing analytical data on how users use this site.
Some third-party services will set their own Google Analytics cookies. If you would like to opt out of these then follow the link below to opt out of Google Analytics entirely.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For more information on the types of cookies google uses, follow the link below.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
Hotjar
_hjIncludedInSample
Hotjar cookie. This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
Twitter
_gat, _ga
Twitter Widget Google Analytics. See above for more information on what Google Analytics does.
Twitter
auth_token, dnt, external_referer, guest_id, kdt, personalization_id, remember_check_on, twid
Used by Twitter for various purposes including analytics, personalisation, authentication and advertising.
https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
Facebook
Datr, fr
Used by Facebook for various purposes including analytics, personalisation, authentication and advertising
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Google Analytics
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmt, __utmz
Vet Help Direct Google Analytics. See above for how Google uses these cookies.
Vet Help Direct
laravel_session
Used by the application framework for user session data.
Vet Help Direct
PHPSESSID
Used by PHP for user session data.
Vet Help Direct
VHD_locale
Used to determine the location for the Pet Symptom Checker
Vet Help Direct
XSRF-TOKEN
Used by the Laravel framework to protect against Cross Site Forgery attacks.
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. By transacting with us, either yourself or through a third party, you consent that we may process the personal data (including sensitive personal data) that we collect from you in accordance with this privacy policy.
Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.  Please click here to read our full privacy policy: https://www.goddardvetgroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HOW WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR SITE
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
to provide you with information, products and/or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you; where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and to notify you about changes to our services.
We will not share your data with third parties for other marketing purposes unless we have your express consent to do so.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy. An up-to-date copy will always be available on our website.  It was last updated 1st June 2018.
DATA CONTROLLER
For the purposes of GDPR, the Data Controller is Goddard Veterinary Group.
We may collect and process the following data from you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms or creating an account to manage your preferences on our site. This includes and is not limited to personal information about you such as your name, telephone contact number, geographical address/location, email address. If you contact us by telephone or in writing, we may keep a copy of your correspondence or communication; and details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access.
If you have provided us with the personal data of another person, you confirm that he/she consents to the processing of his/her personal data and that you have informed him/her of our identity as a Data Controller.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your data to any third party for such purposes. In most cases you will be asked to create an account where you can manage all of your preferences. However, if this was not the case you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting us at datacontroller@focusintegrated.co.uk.
GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR and our Subject Access Request Procedure (Reference: GDPR DOC 2.2).
From time to time, our site may contain links to and from our strategic partner(s), partner network(s), strategic sponsor(s), advertiser(s) and affiliate(s). If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take appropriate measures to ensure that any information collected from you is kept secure and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which such information is used.
If any of your personal data changes, or if you have any questions about how we use data collected which relates to you, please contact us by email at privacy@goddardvetgroup.co.uk.co.uk. We normally update your personal data within seven (7) working days of any new or updated personal data being provided to us, to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is as accurate and up-to-date as possible.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, strategic partner(s) or strategic sponsor(s) and our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about our customers will be one of the transferred assets; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply other agreements; or
To protect the rights, property or safety of Goddard Veterinary Group, our customers or others.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding processing your personal data, your rights regarding your personal data or about this policy, please contact us privacy@goddardvetgroup.co.uk.co.uk
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
Website: https://ico.org.uk/
Email: accessisoninfromation@ico.org.uk
Telephone: 0303 123 1113
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Last change was made 16th October 2018.
Practice Finder
Locate me or View map
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By using our website you agree to this.
Find out more.Ok, thanks