http://www.marymount.org/about/website/privacy-security
CORONAVIRUS: DELAYS FOR ROUTINE SURGERIES, VISITOR RESTRICTIONS + COVID-19 TESTING.
Marymount Hospital
Serving the needs of Garfield Heights and the Southeast communities of Cuyahoga County since 1949.
Marymount Hospital
Our Doctors
Choose by name, specialty, city and more.
Find a Doctor
Getting to Marymount
Download a map and driving directions.
Getting to Marymount
Get Directions
Guest Services
Find out what we offer.
See Guest Services
Call us at 216.581.0500
Marymount Hospital
12300 McCracken Road
Garfield Heights, Ohio 44125
View Map
Visiting Hours
For our patients' safety and well-being, we have established visiting hours for various areas of the hospital. Before visiting, please review our visiting hour guidelines.
Why choose
Cleveland Clinic
Cleveland Clinic is ranked as one of the
nation's top hospitals by U.S. News & World Report.
Our Specialties
Our Specialties
Marymount Hospital provides a full spectrum of specialties and programs to meet your medical needs.
View All Specialties
View All Specialties
Providing Compassionate Patient Care With Exceptional Medical Expertise
Providing Compassionate Patient Care With Exceptional Medical Expertise
Founded in 1949 by the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Third Order of St. Francis, Marymount Hospital has been blending compassionate patient care with exceptional medical expertise and advanced technology. Marymount Hospital is a 315-registered bed acute care hospital, serving communities in southern and southeastern Cuyahoga County.
In 1995, Marymount became the first community hospital to become a member of Cleveland Clinic health system. With the outstanding clinical, research and educational abilities of Cleveland Clinic, Marymount maintains a strong commitment to the communities we serve.
The 26-acre hospital campus includes a medical office building, a behavioral health center, the Critical Care Tower and a state-of-the-art Surgery Center. Marymount has also broadened its geographic footprint with their off-site facilities, including:
Medical Center in Broadview Heights
Ambulatory Surgery Center in Garfield Heights
Learn more about Marymount Hospital
Proud to be a Hospital on the Journey to Magnet Excellence®
Proud to be a Hospital on the Journey to Magnet Excellence®
Awarded by the American Nurses Credentialing Center This designation recognizes a health care organization’s commitment to creating and sustaining a culture of excellence. Learn More About Nursing
Patient & Visitor Resources
Accepted Insurance Plans
View our list of accepted insurance and contracted managed care plans at Cleveland Clinic.
Check Accepted Insurance
Visiting Marymount Hospital
Find important information about visiting hours, identification, contacting a patient and more.
Plan Your Visit
Connect With Your Community
Get updates about Cleveland Clinic, find home remedies and know when to see a doctor.
Like Us on Facebook
Cleveland Clinic
News & More
Show More
Call Appointment Center 24/7
866.320.4573
Questions
216.444.2200
Request an Appointment
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Snapchat