http://www.careinitiatives.org/compliance-and-policies
Skip to main content
Rehabilitation
Skilled Nursing
Long Term Care
Hospice Care
About
Services
Careers
News & Events
Gallery
Family Stories
Find a Location
Contact
Pay Bill
Rehabilitation
Skilled Nursing
Long Term Care
Hospice Care
You are hereHome » Compliance and Policies
Compliance and Policies
Care Initiatives is committed to being in compliance with all federal and state laws and regulations that apply to our business.
Care Initiatives has developed numerous policies and procedures that apply to members of its workforce. The policies and procedures are intended to promote lawful and ethical conduct by all that carry out duties and responsibilities on behalf of the company. Care Initiatives expects members of its workforce to act in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, as well as, follow all applicable company policies and procedures.
We encourage members of our workforce to seek answers to questions about specific policy or procedure from the appropriate supervisory personnel at the relevant location. However, when additional clarification is sought, we have corporate office personnel that can be of help. We encourage contacting Care Initiatives' Chief Compliance Officer at 515-224-4442 to have your question directed to the appropriate department. For questions related to our hospice operations, our hospice corporate personnel can be reached at 515-223-6812.
Care Initiatives has adopted a corporate compliance program overseen by our Board of Directors.  Operational responsibility for the program is assigned to our Chief Compliance Officer. For compliance-related concerns, we encourage our residents, patients, members of our workforce, or anyone else who suspects a violation of a law or company policy has occurred, to report this concern as soon as possible. If an anonymous report is preferred, our toll-free Compliance Hotline (1-888-565-2273) can be a helpful way to complete the report. The hotline has a voicemail system available 24 hours a day. Retaliation related to a report via the compliance hotline is prohibited by law and company policy. When making reports, please include enough detailed information to permit adequate follow up by appropriate corporate and facility/office personnel.
For our Privacy Policy, click CI Notice of Privacy Practices 5.23.2016.
For our False Claims Act and Whistleblower Information and Education, click here.
For our Standards of Conduct (11.2015) click here.
Contact Information for the Care Initiatives Corporate Compliance Office:
Corporate Compliance Officer
Attn: Jeramy D. Kuhn
1611 West Lakes Parkway
West Des Moines, Iowa 50266
Business Phone:
(515) 224-4442 Ext. 1230
Compliance Fax:
(515) 225-6552
Compliance Hotline:
1-(888)-565-2273
Connect with us
Like us on Facebook
Connect with us on LinkedIn