http://www.fmam.org/privacy-policy/
FMAM Privacy PolicyHome FMAM Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form Enter a contest or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
What information will be disclosed if required by law?
If required by law, we may provide any and all information we have about you to law enforcement or other government agencies, pursuant to a subpoena, warrant, or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction. In all cases, we will require written documentation of the request, proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request, and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request. Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency, as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request.
How do we protect visitor information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies some features will be disabled. This may turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individual’s have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
unsubscribe@fmam.org and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Your Consent
By using the fmam.org website you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to Fire Marshal's Association of Minnesota processing of Personal and Client Information for the purposes given above.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
fmam.org
Fire Marshal's Association of Minnesota15 W 95th St.Bloomington, MN 55416USA
Last Edited on 2016-3-5
– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Combining Narratives and Technology to Reduce Incidents
This class will explore using narratives and technology to reach a traditionally hard-to-reach audience: college students. It details the efforts of the Poudre Fire Authority to make traditional fire education a more immersive, engaging subject. Drawing on principles of psychology as well as literature, PFA was able to reduce calls.
Additionally, this class will showcase using 360 and virtual reality in education. The materials used will be made available to all attendees. The final portion of the class will be a full walk-through and training designed to teach attendees how to present this material effectively.
Michael comes to the fire service after several years working in international development. His work has ranged from GED prep for refugees on the border of Thailand and Burma to elementary education at a rural orphanage in Kenya, to working on global teacher policy for the United Nations in Paris, France. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Sociology and a Masters in Diplomacy.
For the past five years, Michael Durkin has been promoting safety as the Community Risk Reduction Manager at the Poudre Fire Authority in Ft. Collins, Colorado. This experience is bolstered by his service as a volunteer firefighter for four of those years. Michael believes education is empowerment and his programs are a unique blend of social work, public health and education.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
I’m Not Public Education – What Do I Do?
Sometimes fire marshals, the probationary firefighter or other officers get asked to conduct public education events. This could happen to you! This class will provide resources for your presentation, current fire prevention messaging and other tips to help you be effective when teaching your community about fire prevention.
Ms. Osmonson started fighting fires in 1987 and quickly developed a passion for saving lives and property through fire prevention and public education. She started with the State Fire Marshal Division as youth fire intervention coordinator in 2012 and has since evolved into a combination youth fire intervention and fire and life safety educator position. She is a contract instructor for the National Fire Academy, writes and reviews peer reviewed scholarly articles and has a master’s degree in forensic behavioral health.
Mr. Reif is an 18-year veteran of the fire service. He is one of Minnesota’s deputy state fire marshals, and still an active firefighter and HazMat tech, Fire and Life Safety Educator and Youth Fire Prevention and Intervention Specialist affiliated with two Twin Cities suburban fire departments. He holds a master’s degree, has
a wealth of experience in the fire service, and also spent 35 years dealing with youth as a high school teacher and coach; his background in these two concurrent careers make him uniquely qualified for dealing with YFPI cases.
Mr. Berger currently serves as he Fire and Life Safety Educator for the City of Saint Paul. He is also a firefighter for the City of New Brighton and a fire inspector at the Minnesota State Fair.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Rental Properties – AirBnB, Flipkey, & VRBO
The latest craze in the housing rental market – call them VRBO, Airbnb, or Flipkey – these short term rental properties bring unique issues to neighborhoods unlike traditional hotels or rental housing.
Learn about the impacts at other cities across the nation and what you can do in your jurisdiction. Ms. Wiese was originally hired by the city of St. Paul in 2005 as a fire protection engineer and is currently the Fire Safety Manager where she oversees the fire safety inspection program in Saint Paul for both new and existing buildings.
In addition to her regular role in St. Paul, Angie holds a
position on the Code Council Board of Directors and is the current President of Fire Marshals Association of Minnesota, and is also a board member of the Fire and Life Safety section for the International Association of Fire Chiefs.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Code Update
The new 2020 Minnesota State Fire Code is coming soon.
This course will provide a general overview on how national and
local input contirbuted to the adoptiuon proccess as well
as what major changes are expected in the new fire code.
The SFMD fire code team will address several major changes and
provide insight on their enforcement and intention.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
State Fire Marshal Roles and Responsibilities
Newly appointed State Fire Marshal Jim Smith will describe the major roles and responsibilities of the different sections found within the SFMD. This discussion will provide insight to how the division operates as well as how you can access an immense amount of resources that will help you while performing your everyday duties.
The SFMD mission is to protect lives and property by fostering a fire-safe environment through investigation, enforcement, regulation, data collection and public education. Join Jim to find out more about how the SFMD wants to help you make your mission a success.
×– KEYNOTE ADDRESS –
USFA Deputy U.S Fire Administrator &
NFA superintendent Tonya Hoover
On the 5th of February of 2020, Tonya Hoover was named Deputy U.S. Fire Administrator. She is currently responsible for the day-to-day operation of the U.S. Fire Administration (USFA). Her duties now include the annual training of over 100,000 first responders at and through the National Fire Academy; the National Fire Incident Reporting System, which documents and analyzes 27 million fire department emergency responses a year; the USFA’s fire prevention, public information and public education programs; and the 26 campus buildings and the grounds of the historic National Emergency Training Center in Emmitsburg, Maryland.
Ms. Hoover is an accomplished executive with more than 20 years of management experience and Prior to her new role served as Superintendent for the National Fire Academy. Ms. Hoover has been active in both local and state governments prior to her federal service and has served as California State Fire Marshal, fire marshal/battalion chief for a local fire department, and was a deputy campus fire marshal for the University of California at Berkeley.
Ms. Hoover has served on the Board of Directors for the National Fire Protection Association, and currently holds a Board of Director position with the International Fire Service Training Association. Listening to Deputy Administrator Hoover’s experiences in the fire service will encourage you to use and share your talents in positive ways for your community.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Case Study (Minneapolis Fire Department personnel and State Fire Marshal Division)
On Wednesday, November 27, 2019 just before 4:00 am a fire
in a 25-story high rise apartment building in Minneapolis claimed the lives of 5 victims.
Local and state fire officials will describe the incident,
timeline of events, firefighting operations, what worked and what went wrong in this incident.
This session will look at how the building performed in this fire, factors that contributed to the fire spread and loss of life, and what lessons could be learned from this tragic event.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
2020 Certification Track
(FIRE AND LIFE SAFETY EDUCATOR I)
Fighting fire with prevention education not only saves lives and property, it is a service to your community. Learn how to effectively relate to all age groups, use up to date messaging and conduct a community risk assessment in order to reduce the risks in your community. This course and certification will start with education based on the Principles and Practices Second edition Jones & Bartlett book, and conclude with the certification exam. After this course participants will learn to present effective lessons, adapt lesson plans to their audience, market their programs, disseminate educational information and evaluate their programs.
Course Instructors: Sara Ahlquist and Kellie Murphy-Ringate
Ms. Ahlquist has been a firefighter and public educator with Minnetonka Fire for the past 12 years. Prior to that she was an elementary school teacher, with a Master’s Degree in Education. Sara’s untiring commitment and successful career working with fire and life safety education makes her judgement and opinions highly valued within the Minnesota fire marshal community.
Ms. Murphy-Ringate has been a firefighter and public educator with the Excelsior Fire District for over 26 years, became a Fire inspector in 2005, and has been Fire Marshal since 2017. Kellie is responsible for fire code inspections, code enforcement, public fire and life safety education, fire sprinkler plan review, fire investigations, and public relations. Kellie serves on the Minnesota State Fire Chiefs Public Education Committee, and helped develop MSFCA Public Education Messaging Guide. Kellie has served on several committees and continues to be an active leader in public education.
MINNESOTA FIRE SERVICE CERTIFICATION BOARD PUBLIC FIRE LIFE SAFETY EDUCATOR I SKILLS TESTING GUIDE
https://secure.mfscb.org/pdfs/certpdf/f&lse.pdf
Prior to attending this course students must also register at the Minnesota Fire Certification Board Website. Instructions on how to register can be found on the MFSCB website under the GENERAL INFORMATION tab.
Total Cost: Conference Registration cost+ $120.00 Cert Board Fee
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Protection Effectiveness
This session will explore the effectiveness of smoke alarms, fire alarm systems, and fire sprinkler systems for the past 16 years in Minnesota. It will examine the nuisance alarm issue and identify the cost impact on fire departments in Minnesota.
Mr. Nisja started his fire service career in 1978 and began working in the areas of fire prevention and fire investigation in 1983. He has served as Fire Marshal for two communities and as a Fire Safety Supervisor with the Minnesota State Fire Marshal Division since 1990. He supervises the fire loss data, fire protection, and training sections for the State Fire Marshal Division. He is a former President of the Fire Marshals Association of Minnesota (1997-2003) and is also a past president of the International Fire Marshals Association (2006-2008).
Jon has authored chapters in five books. His areas of fire protection interest include fire safety history, means of egress, fire protection systems, building construction, and using performance measures to show effectiveness.
Recognition’s include the International Fire Marshals
Association Meritorious Service Award (2009) and the NFPA Shannon Advocacy Medal (2019).
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Media management: A guide for the fire service
This session is designed to address public speaking, dissemination of public information, communication during crisis situations, and how to deal effectively with the news media.
This course will also discuss best practices as related to social media. The intent is to provide each attendee with the basic skills needed to be successful in their position as it relates to communicating with the public via traditional and social media.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Crowd Management and Event Planning
Across the State of Minnesota there are a number of new and old festivals which take place throughout a given year. Additionally, now we are turning a farm into an event center for parties, weddings and concerts. With the growing number large festivals in Minnesota it is important to understand the political dynamics and a strategic look at standards which may apply.
Within this session we will identify some of the festival types being held in Minnesota and how the political landscape of how they are run. Also, from a code perspective, what are some of the strategic areas you might want to consider when one of these events are located within your jurisdiction.
Mr. Hayes is a 27 year public safety professional. His background includes not only command and operations, but codes and standards. He has assisted in the planning and management of a number of large scale events and incidents. Currently, he serves as the Director of Public Safety for the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Chapter 1306 & City Fire Code Amendments
On March 31, 2020 the new Minnesota State Fire Code (MSFC)
will be effective. Searching many city websites and their city codes you will find many have not been updated in years. Some even reference the old Uniform Fire Code.
This session will present information on whether or not you have to adopt the MSFC in your community, what parts you are allowed to amend, items to consider adding such as language on fire lanes, department policies, permits, and appendices. In addition he will discuss Minnesota Building Code Rule 1306, special fire protection systems.
Mr. Jenson was hired as a Deputy State Fire Marshal in April of
2013 and is Code Specialist. Tom’s main duty is responding to
2000+ emails or phone calls per year regarding questions on
fire and building codes.
In addition, Tom is involved in the development of Minnesota amendments for the fire code adoption process having completed his fourth fire code adoption (and last). Tom also enjoys opportunities to teach fire code at a number of seminars, SFMD fire code academy, and SFMD fire protection demonstration trailer.
Tom retired from Edina Fire Department in August of 2012
after 31 years with the last 12 years as fire marshal. Tom brings a unique perspective to the role of fire marshal having been a business owner for 27 years and balancing code requirements with cost impact to property/business owners.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Resistance – Penetrations and Firestopping
Within the regulatory community fire rated construction plays an important role as key ingredient to effective building and fire code enforcement. This presentation will equip code officials with a better understanding of fire rated construction and will expand the knowledge of the audience by providing information related to fire resistant products and assemblies as well as testing and the latest UL search tools that can be used to find products and assemblies through a hands-on group learning exercise.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
NFPA 13- Storage
Storage occupancies present a unique challenge to sprinkler system design and installation. NFPA 13 has complex and varying rules for the protection of stored commodities. This interactive seminar will explore the hows and whys of determining various types of commodity classifications, storage components and configurations, and basic fire sprinkler operating principles.
Mr. Kaiser has been involved in the Fire Sprinkler industry for 40 years. Since 2005 he has served as a Deputy State Fire Marshal for the state of Minnesota. As an instructor for the State Fire Marshal’s office, Dan has authored numerous newsletters and training materials in regard to the design, installation and inspection of fire sprinkler systems.
Dan holds a Level IV certification from NICET in Water-Based Systems Layout. He also serves as a subject matter expert for NICET.
Dan sits on a number of industry technical committees including NFPA 13, Sprinkler System Discharge Criteria and twelve UL Standards Technical Panels. In 2015, the American Fire Sprinkler Association, the nation’s largest fire sprinkler association, awarded Dan the prestigious “Fire Sprinklers Save Lives Award” for the contributions he provided to the fire sprinkler industry.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
UL Resources for Fire Code Officials
UL plays an integral part in many things we do as fire and code officials.
This presentation will provide fire safety officials with a more thorough understanding of the UL world and how it can help them their daily operations. Throughout the presentation we will expand the knowledge of the code officials by providing a glimpse into the little understood world of UL including, fire research, fire testing, new technologies, available search tools, all the other resources available from UL and what it all means to a fire code official.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
NFPA13-NFPA 13R Podium Construction
When can you use NFPA 13 and 13R in the same building? Let’s investigate how podium-style building construction can lead to more economical sprinkler system designs methods. Join us as we explore the construction requirements that unlock the secrets to using both NFPA 13 and 13R within the same building and review the life safety and property protection differences between these two standards.
Mr. Kunst has been a Deputy State Fire Marshal and Fire Protection Specialist with the Minnesota State Fire Marshal Division since 2015. Ryan is a Minnesota state certificated fire inspector, investigator, and instructor with over seven years of sprinkler design experience. Additionally, Ryan was a chief level fire officer with 14 years of fire suppression and EMS experience and a critical care paramedic with over 11 years of paramedic experience.
×