https://www.opencollege.info/information/cookie-policy/
Super LOW Cost
Competitative Fees
Our unbreakable
Promise and Guarantee
Accredited Open College Diploma Certificate
FREE MembershipsFor ALL Students
Cookie Policy
Open College UK Ltd uses cookies.
What are Cookies?
Like most websites, Open College UK Ltd use cookies to collect information.  Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website.  They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites.  Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our website and to help you work with us online.  They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our website and elsewhere.
Information Collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device.  This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.  We can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other devices when you access our websites are designed by:
– Open College UK Ltd
– Third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes if applicable; and
– Third parties who broadcast advertisements on behalf of Open College UK Ltd if applicable.
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are:
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our website, particularly in relation to online transactions and site navigation.
For Open College UK Ltd to market to you, particularly online advertisements and targeted updates.
To enable Open College UK Ltd to collect information about your browsing and shopping patterns, including to monitor the success of campaigns, competitions and such like.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings, click Advanced
Under “Privacy and security,” click “Content settings”.
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences, then Privacy
Click on “Remove all Website Data”
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.  If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on websites.  If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on many third party sites.
Please note:
This information is general across all websites.
Open College UK Ltd does not employ third parties for marketing or advertising unless otherwise stated.
DISTANCE Learning Courses
HOME Study Courses
LOW Cost Competitive Fees
We provide courses for a wide range of Companies, NHS, Schools, Colleges & Universities - View them here
Open College UK are a Recognised Registered Training Organisation & Organisational Member of the Association for Coaching. OMACOpen College UK are a Registered Member & Approved Training Centre of the Complementary Medical Association CMAOpen College UK are a Registered Learning Provider - Registration Number: UKPRN: 10021628Open College UK are a Recognised Registered Member of the FSB - Federation of Small Businesses: 51324567Accredited by the SFTR - National UK Therapists Register - (SFTR Accredited Courses)
Company Director is fully insured accredited registered therapist.
SHTC Entry Level & Practitioner Level Accreditation & Membership AvailabilityOpen College UK Ltd - Registered D-U-N-S® Number: 346575066Category - UK Limited Company - Education Classification (SIC) - Technical & vocational secondary education (85320)
Open College UK Ltd is a fully GDPR compliant and ICO registered Company. ICO Registration number: ZA361896
Organizationally Validated SSL Secure Website. Open College UK Ltd has been validated by GeoTrust Inc.To secure your personal & financial data.
Registered Limited Company - Open College UK Ltd - Company Registration Number: 5462919 - Registered In EnglandCompany VAT Registration Number: GB861328133
Trade Marks: Open College™ - Open College UK™ - Open College Courses™ The Open College™ name/s is property of Open College UK Ltd. All content unless stated otherwise is owned property of this Company.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website please select Read More for details. If you do not want cookies please select No otherwise select OK.OkNoRead more