https://www.eagp.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation aufklappen/zuklappen
HomeThe EAGP The BoardThe MembersRulesNewsletterJubilee congress 2021Trainings Summer School LausanneRefresher CourseAgendaNewsMembershipPrivacy Policy
HomeThe EAGPJubilee congress 2021TrainingsAgendaNewsMembershipPrivacy Policy
European Association of Geriatric Psychiatry
European Association of Geriatric Psychiatry
Privacy policy & site notice
privacy policy
Personal data (usually referred to just as "data" below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its
contents, and the services offered there.
Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the "GDPR"), "processing" refers to any operation or set of operations such as
collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment,
or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.
The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in
conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also
processing data they collect and control.
Our privacy policy is structured as follows:
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
II. The rights of users and data subjects
III. Information about the data processing
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
The party responsible for this website (the "controller") for purposes of data protection law is:
European Association of Geriatric Psychiatry
Diessemer Bruch 81
47805 Krefeld
Germany
Telephone: +492151 3347362
Fax: +492151 3327901
Email: k.krah@alexianer.de
The controller's data protection officer is:
Katrin Krah
II. The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data
(cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said
processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77
GDPR).
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1,
18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller's future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular,
an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
III. Information about the data processing
Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory
storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.
mywebsite-editor.com - 1&1 IONOS SE
We use the mywebsite-editor.com service for the functionality of our website.  This is a service of 1 & 1 IONOS SE, Elgendorfer Str. 57, 56410 Montabaur, Germany, hereinafter referred to
as "mywebsite-editor".
Due to the integration of mywebsite-editor, your internet browser will load a mandatory JavaScript code from the mywebsite-editor server to display the content of our website.  This gives
mywebsite-editor confirmation that our website has been accessed via your IP address.  At the same time, a so-called session cookie is stored on your device via your internet browser.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the presentation of a uniform and appealing presentation of our website.
To totally prevent the execution of mywebsite-editor’s JavaScript code, you can install a so-called JavaScript blocker, such as noscript.net or ghostery.com. . You can also deactivate the
execution of the Java Script code in the settings of your Internet browser.
If you do not agree to the processing of cookies, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. You can find more information on
this under “Cookies” above.
Model Data Protection Statement for Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner
site notice
European Association of Geriatric Psychiatry
Dießemer Bruch 81
47805 Krefeld
Germany
Contact details
Telephone: +492151 3347362
Fax: +492151 3327901
Email: k.krah@alexianer.de
Incorporation
Local court Dusseldorf: VR 6822
(In German: Registereintrag, Amtsgericht Düsseldorf: VR 6822)
Last updated: 17th June 2020
Save the date
16th to 17th September 2021
Jubilee congress due to the 50th anniversary of the EAGP in Dusseldorf, Germany!
Click here for more information.
Druckversion
|
Sitemap
© European Association of Geriatric Psychiatry
Login
WebansichtMobile-Ansicht
Logout |
Seite bearbeiten