https://www.health.gov.au/using-our-websites/privacy?utm_source=health.gov.au&utm_medium=site-nav-footer&utm_campaign=digital_transformation&utm_content=privacy
Privacy | Australian Government Department of Health
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
08 October 2020
Coronavirus (COVID-19) health alert
Sub menu
About us
Ministers
Media centre
News
Contact us
Search
Menu
Search
Close
Home
Health topics
Initiatives and programs
Resources
You are here
Home
Using our websites
Using our websites
Privacy
Our website privacy policy explains how we handle your personal information (including your email address), how we use cookies, how we record website visits and how we link to other websites.
Listen
Print
Share
Twitter
Facebook
Email
Loading...
On this page
Our website privacy policy explains how we handle personal information obtained via the website. This includes how we collect, store, secure, access, use and disclose it. It should be read in conjunction with the Department of Health’s full Privacy Policy.
We protect your privacy in line with the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act), including the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and the Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to all websites owned by the Australian Government Department of Health.
Information we collect
When you visit our websites our web measurement tools and internet service providers record information including:
your server and IP address
the name of the top level domain (for example, .gov, .com, .edu, .au)
the type of browser used
the date and time you accessed the website
how you interacted with our website
the previous website you visited
Why we collect it and how we use it
We use the above information to understand how our websites are being used. This helps us improve our websites and provide you with a better experience.
Personal information
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable. Information is identifiable if the relevant person can be identified. Examples might include your name, email or phone number.
If we ask you to provide additional personal information (for example, on a form), we will explain:
why we need this information
how we will use it
If you choose not to provide the information it may affect our ability to respond and deliver services.
Sharing your personal information
The law, including the Privacy Act 1988, protects your personal information.
Your personal information will not be disclosed to any other person, body or agency unless:
you give us permission
it is authorised or required by law
it meets one of the other exceptions in the Australian Privacy Principles.
If we need to share information with a third party as part of our service to you, the form you fill in will tell you about it.
We are unlikely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients.
For more information see our full privacy policy
Other information we might collect
We collect other personal or professional information for some programs and services. In some cases we collect different information from patients and healthcare professionals.
Our privacy notices for these programs explain what information we collect and how we use it.
See our privacy notices for the:
Inborn Errors of Metabolism program - healthcare professionals
Inborn Errors of Metabolism program - patients
National Epidermolysis Bullosa Dressing Scheme - healthcare professionals
National Epidermolysis Bullosa Dressing Scheme - patients
aged care announcements and newsletter subscription service
COVID-19 GP update subscription service
How we store information
We comply with Australian Government security policies such as the:
Attorney-General Department’s Protective Security Policy Framework
Department of Defence’s Information Security Manual
We do not keep information that we no longer need for the purpose it was collected, unless the law requires us to do so. It is either destroyed or de-identified as required under the Archives Act 1983.
Only authorised Health staff can access personal information stored by us. Security features protect it from unauthorised access.
We store information in different ways, including:
our document and records management systems
cloud storage
browser storage
cookies
We use cookies (small files stored on your device) created both by us and third parties. Cookies allow us to recognise an individual web user as they browse our website. The cookie identifies your browser or device, not you personally. No personal information is stored within cookies used by our website. The information collected includes when you accessed our website, how you accessed the site (for example, from a search engine or an advertisement) and what you did on the website.
The information generated by the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by Facebook and Google, who may use this information for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity for us (or advertising agencies engaged to act on our behalf). Demographic and interest reports may be generated including characteristics such as your age, gender and location. These reports do not identify you personally. We may use them to provide targeted advertising to you and to make policy decisions. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your browser settings. However, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website.
We apply a range of security controls to protect our websites from unauthorised access. However, you should be aware that:
the internet is an unsecure public network
there is a risk that your transactions (including emails) may be seen, intercepted or modified by third parties
downloadable files may contain computer viruses, disabling codes, worms or other devices or defects
Accessing and correcting your information
You can request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. You can ask us to update it if it is incorrect. Please contact us to make an enquiry.
We will take reasonable steps to give you a copy of, and/or correct, your information within 30 days, unless there is lawful reason not to do so. If this happens we will, where reasonable:
give you a written notice explaining why
let you know how you can make a complaint
at your request, make a note on your file detailing the information you believe to be incorrect
If you request us to, we will alert third parties who hold your information that we have updated it.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other third-party websites. We are not responsible for their privacy practices, or the material on their websites.
Privacy Impact Assessments
Health conducts Privacy Impact Assessments for all appropriate projects with a high privacy risk to:
identify the impact that the activity or project might have on your privacy
recommend how we can manage, minimise or remove that impact
Details of Privacy Impact Assessments conducted by us since 1 July 2018 are available on our Privacy Impact Assessment Register.
Complaints
If you believe that we have breached the Privacy Act, the Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code or mishandled your personal information, please contact us. Please provide as much information as possible so we can investigate and respond.
We will:
let you know that we have received your complaint
do our best to respond within 30 days of receiving your complaint. If we can’t respond within this timeframe we will let you know
If you’re not happy with our response, you can contact the OAIC.
More information
Read the complete Department of Health full Privacy Policy.
Departmental privacy enquiriesContact to find out more about privacy within the department, or to make a privacy enquiry or complaintPrivacy officer
privacy [at] health.gov.au
Phone
02 6289 1555
Freecall
1800 020 103
Postal addresses: Department of HealthMDP 62
GPO Box 9848
Canberra ACT 2601
View contact
Last updated: 10 September 2020Tags:
About the department
In this section
Using our websites
About our website
Accessibility
Copyright
Disclaimer
PrivacyPrivacy Impact Assessment Register
Privacy notice for aged care announcements and newsletters
Privacy notice for COVID-19 training
Privacy notice for COVID-19 mental health updates
Privacy notice for COVID-19 weekly updates
Privacy notice for the Inborn Errors of Metabolism program – healthcare professionals
Privacy notice for the Inborn Errors of Metabolism program – patients
Privacy notice for MRFF newsletter
Privacy notice for the National Epidermolysis Bullosa Dressing Scheme – healthcare professionals
Privacy notice for the National Epidermolysis Bullosa Dressing Scheme – patients
Privacy notice for Health Portfolio Federal Budget Information
Social media
Subscriptions
Vulnerability disclosure policy
Is there anything wrong with this page?
Help us improve health.gov.au
If you would like a response please use the enquiries form instead.
What you were doing? (required)
What went wrong? (required)
Leave this field blank
About Health
About us
Ministers
Careers
Corporate reporting
Portfolio agencies
Contact us
Using our websites
About our website
Accessibility
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Social media
Subscriptions
Vulnerability disclosure policy
Follow us
Media centre
News
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Help us improve
We are always looking for ways to improve our website.
Provide feedback
© Commonwealth of Australia | Department of Health
Back to top