http://www.scripps.org/privacy-policy
COVID-19: Nurse line, FAQs, mask policy and latest news
Last Updated: 2/12/20This website is owned and operated by Scripps Health, a California nonprofit public benefit corporation. By using this site, you agree that Scripps may monitor your use of this website and may use the results of such monitoring without limitation. Scripps reserves the right to modify portions of this privacy policy at any time.  Policies specifically related to patient information, such as protected health information, can be found on the Notice of Privacy Practices page. Similarly, terms and conditions for information submitted through MyScripps can be found on the health portal.
Scripps values your privacy. The information we gather about you includes:
Anonymous or non-personally identifiable information, such as website use data
Personal identifiable information you chose to provide
Anonymous information is information that cannot identify specific individual unless combined with personally identifiable information. We use this anonymous information to obtain a better understanding of how visitors use our website to improve the user experience and site performance. Examples of non-personally identifiable information include zip code and data collected by browsers and servers using cookies.
Scripps collects information about visitors to our site by using cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and pixel tags. For example, cookies are pieces of information stored on a user’s computer that allow us to anonymously identify repeat users and track visitor patterns to better understand how people use our site. Most browsers automatically accept these cookies, but you can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies, though this may prevent you from using some of the features of our website. Information collected through cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
During your visit to our website, you may provide us with certain information from you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number and any other personal information you wish to share with us. The information you will be asked to provide is voluntary. By completing an online form on the website or providing your email address to a Scripps contact center, you are opting-in to receive future emails from Scripps. Based on the information you requested, we may send you information regarding wellness tips, health education, Scripps employment opportunities, physician referrals and other messages designed to help connect you to care at Scripps.This information your provide will not be used for any other purpose. You may opt-out of email communication with us at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of emails sent by us. Scripps Health does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information to third parties for non-Scripps’ use. We do, however, reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.Email communication you send to us via links and forms on our site may be shared with a customer service representative or employee that is most able to address your inquiry. Scripps makes every effort to respond to inquiries in a timely fashion.Personally identifiable information may be collected from visitors to our site and provided in an aggregate form to other parties within the Scripps family for marketing, advertising or other similar uses.
Scripps uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service by Google Inc., to help us understand how users interact with our site to improve usability and how we present information. We do not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics is transmitted to and stored by Google and subject to Google's privacy policy. Learn more about Google's partner services and how to opt out of tracking.
Our website may contain links to websites that are not operated by Scripps and do not imply Scripps endorsement of the site’s products or services. Please be aware that these third parties maintain their own privacy policies.
With the exception of secure messaging via the MyScripps patient portal, we recommend that you do not email sensitive personal health information, or any other confidential information, to Scripps or anyone else outside. Should you choose to provide information in this manner, you do so at your own risk.
We take care to protect and maintain the confidentiality of your information. Please keep in mind, however, that as you navigate through our website any message you may send through the website or through email is not secure and may be susceptible to third-party interception. As a result, you transmit information to us at your own risk.
In accordance with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Scripps Health will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent. When we do receive information (with parental consent) from users under the age of 13, we will not share their personally identifiable information with third parties, regardless of their stated preference given at registration.
Scripps Health may use personal information collected or in its possession to contact users in connection with their inappropriate use of our website, noncompliance with our Terms of Use, or in connection with a complaint filed about their use of our site by another user.Scripps Health also may disclose your personal information to another party, such as law enforcement officials, to comply with legal requirements, court orders, government or law enforcement agency requests, to protect or defend Scripps Health, or where we perceive an immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to someone as a result of activity on our site. Our disclosures may occur under circumstances where we may not be authorized to advise you of such action.
If you wish to delete or correct your personally identifiable information obtained through this website, you may:Send a written requestWeb TeamScripps Health10100 Campus Point Drive, CPC10San Diego, CA 92121Send an electronic requestwebteam@scrippshealth.orgSubmit a verbal requestCall
800-727-4777
If you have questions about our privacy policy or the collection of information on this site, please contact us at
800-727-4777.