http://www.brightviewseniorliving.com/privacy-policy
Submit
Submit
Experience Brightview
Open Menu
Culinary Experiences
Vibrant Senior Living
Reviews
Floor Plans
Bright Minds Program
Ranked #1 by Fortune
Schedule a Personal Visit
Find a Community
Types of Senior Living
Open Menu
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Memory Care
Enhanced Care
Support & Resources
Open Menu
Assessment Tool
Senior Living Guide - Free Download
Paying for Senior Care
Reviews
Schedule a Personal Visit
Careers
About Us
Insight Articles
Schedule a Personal Visit
Close
Recently Viewed Communities
Find a Community
See how we're responding to the COVID-19 virus >>
Careers
About Us
Insight Articles
Schedule a Personal Visit
Recently Viewed Communities
clock
Brightview Senior Living Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Brightview Senior Living, LLC (“Brightview”) is strongly committed to protecting your health information. This Privacy Policy applies to the Brightview website (“Site”), and describes how Brightview collects and uses information that it receives from visitors to the Brightview website.
Opt-Out If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, newsletters or other communications from Brightview, please send an email to info@bvsl.net or follow the unsubscribe instructions included at the bottom of each marketing email.
Please read this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please discontinue use of this website.
The Information We Collect There are two kinds of information that all web sites, including Brightview’s website, can obtain about you:
Anonymous Information: Anonymous Information is data that web sites use to administer their Site. It may include your browser type or your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
IP address is unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Site, avoid hacking attacks Updated: January 11, 2017 on the Site’ servers, and may use it to gather broad demographic information.
Cookie Information. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. On our Site, we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site by remembering your locale preferences and to improve and track the overall Site experience. For our Site, we set a persistent cookie to authenticate your login and authorization to use the services. Persistent cookies enable us to track, store and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some areas of our Site may be limited.
Personally Identifiable Information: is any information about you that may identify you. This may include your name, address, telephone number, and other identifying information.
How We Use Information The information you share with us may be used in a few ways:
Anonymous Information: We use “Anonymous Information” for Site administration purposes. We may share such aggregated, nonpersonally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners.
Personally Identifiable Information: “Personally Identifiable Information” collected by us may be used for purposes including administration of the Site and communications with you. We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process; (b) Updated: January 11, 2017 protect and defend our rights and property; (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; or (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. We may use the information collected to notify you of changes made to our Site, to send you promotional materials, and to determine what information and services users want the most. If you contact us for assistance or support, we may use your information to provide service and support to you. We may also provide the information to third parties who assist us in contacting customers about other Brightview services, programs or events that would likely be of interest to you.
We may work with a data provider to target advertising to you personally, through online and offline methods including email, display media, video media and direct mail. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or log in to websites or mobile applications. When you log in to or visit our website, your IP address may be combined with other de-identified data (such as a hashed, non-readable email or postal address) in order to send ads and materials to you based on your preferences, interests and attributes. To learn more about this targeted advertising, please visit http://eltoro.com/privacy-policy/. To opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA, at http://www.aboutads.info and by the NAI at http://networkadvertising.org.
Access and Correction
You have a right to know about the personal information that we hold about you, including the right to correct, amend or delete the information that we have on file if it is incorrect. Please contact us if you would like to make any changes to this information.
Security
The Site incorporates appropriate safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information we have collected. We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just “surfing”. Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us; unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that your email or other electronic correspondence with us through the Site, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet communications, may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email or the contact forms provided through the Site to communicate information to us that you consider confidential, such as any financial information. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the Site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived. If you wish, you may contact us instead via telephone at the numbers provided throughout the Site. Disclosure of Customer Information Through Business Transfers As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, and in so doing, acquire customer information. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Similarly, in the unlikely event that a portion or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. The Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) defines a “Child” as anyone under the age of 13. We strictly adhere to COPPA. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information obtained through the Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of the Site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Consent and Jurisdiction
This Site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. By using the Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through the Site. This Policy and the use of the Updated: January 11, 2017 Site are governed by Maryland law. Any claim related to the Site or this Policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Baltimore, MD within one year after the claim arises. Users of the Site consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Policy. This Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.
Modifications to Our Privacy Policy
We may change, modify, add and/or delete all or portions of this Policy from time to time. When material changes are made, we will update the effective date, located beside the Privacy Policy link in the footer on all pages of our website. Use of this website following such revisions constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect. In addition, a summary of the most recent revisions are noted below.
Updated: January 11, 2017