https://www.ouac.on.ca/privacy/omsas-declaration/
Home » Privacy Statement » OMSAS Notice and Declaration
OMSAS Notice and Declaration
Last updated: July 9, 2020
Notice of Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information Provided as Part of Your Ontario Medical School Application Service (OMSAS) Application
The Ontario Universities’ Application Centre (“OUAC”, “we”, or “us”) is a division of the Council of Ontario Universities (COU). We process applications for admission to Ontario university programs on behalf of the Ontario universities. To apply for admission to a medical school at a university in Ontario, your application must be processed through the OUAC.
We are committed to respecting your privacy. This notice supplements our Privacy Statement and applies when you prepare, complete and submit an application to a medical school at an Ontario university. Please read our Privacy Statement.
By applying through the OUAC, you authorize us to collect your personal information directly from you and from other organizations, as necessary, to complete and process your application. You also agree that we will disclose to the universities you apply to (the “Chosen Universities”) the personal information you provide to us and other personal information we collect in connection with your application. The Chosen Universities collect your personal information through the OUAC in accordance with their enabling legislation for the purposes of recruitment, admission and registration. Universities may use and disclose your personal information for other purposes in accordance with their own admission and personal information policies and practices. The notices of collection of personal information for each Ontario university can be found on their websites. Please review the policies of your Chosen Universities for further information.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect the personal information you provide in your application, or in reference to your application, as set out in our Privacy Statement, to process your application to your Chosen Universities, including:
Academic transcripts.
Your Ontario Education Number (OEN), when it is provided on your transcript; we keep it as a personal identifier for your OUAC account.
Your Medical College Admission Test (MCAT) scores directly from the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC).
Your personal information from the individuals you provide as references.
We collect information about your status as a Canadian Indigenous person, if you choose to provide it. If you provide this voluntary information, we forward it to your Chosen Universities so they can inform you of specific services available to Canadian Indigenous students, in an effort to improve the availability of medical education and care throughout Indigenous communities.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information to compile and process your application, as set out in our Privacy Statement.
We and/or your Chosen Universities use your email address to communicate with you.
We and/or your Chosen Universities may contact the individuals you list as verifiers and references to confirm the information provided in your application.
If you order electronic transcripts in support of your application, we will use your personal information to process your transcript request.
We and/or your Chosen Universities use your date of birth for identification and document matching.
If you are granted a deferral, your personal information will be retained, in order to create a new application for the subsequent application cycle.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We disclose your personal information, including the personal information in your application, to each of your Chosen Universities. This information includes demographic, academic and university/program choice data and responses to offers, as set out in our Privacy Statement.
We may disclose your personal information to your verifiers and references to verify and confirm the information provided in your application.
We and/or your Chosen Universities may disclose your personal information to the Ministry of Education to validate or assign an OEN. The notices of collection of Ontario government institutions can be found on the websites of those institutions.
Your Chosen Universities may disclose your application information to the Association of Faculties of Medicine of Canada (AFMC) for research in medical education.
If you apply to the Military Medical Training Program (MMTP), your Chosen Universities disclose your personal information to the Canadian Armed Forces to evaluate your application.
We and/or your Chosen Universities may notify the AFMC, universities and colleges across Canada and/or regulatory authorities and law enforcement, at our absolute discretion, if you withhold information or submit any information with your application that is determined to be false, misleading or written by a third party, or if it contains evidence of academic dishonesty or inappropriate or unethical conduct.
If you accept an offer of admission to a Canadian medical school, the OUAC discloses this information, as well as your name, gender and date of birth, to all Canadian medical schools (English programs) for enrollment management purposes.
If you order electronic transcripts in support of your application, we disclose your personal information to the institutions where you ordered your transcripts from in order to process your transcript request.
Applicant’s Declaration
You consent to the personal information practices set out in the OUAC Privacy Statement and the Notice of Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information Provided as Part of Your Ontario Medical School Application Service (OMSAS) Application.
You certify the following:
I certify that the personal information and documents submitted, or to be submitted, in this application, are true, complete and correct, including my declarations of citizenship and immigration status in Canada. I certify that my autobiographic and personal submissions are true, accurate and authored solely and entirely by me and that all information requested in this application has been disclosed.
I acknowledge that it is my responsibility to read and understand the information provided in the Essential Skills and Abilities Required for Entry to a Medical Degree Program.
I understand that it is my responsibility to keep the OUAC and the Ontario medical schools where I have applied or registered informed of any changes to the information in my application, and I agree to update my application immediately after any such change occurs.
You also agree that you must:
Provide all the personal information requested in this application, along with your application fee. Medical schools will not consider incomplete applications. Medical schools may require additional personal information and/or submissions to complete your application.
Keep your OUAC username, password and application reference number confidential and secure. You must notify us immediately if you suspect any unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of this information.
Note: We and the universities reserve the right to verify any information provided as part of your application. If you withhold information or submit any information that is determined to be false, misleading or written by a third party, we and/or the universities may, at our absolute discretion, invalidate the application, resulting in its immediate rejection or in the revocation of an offer of admission or registration at a university.
More Information
Review our Privacy Statement.
Contact the OUAC Privacy Officer:
170 Research Lane
Guelph ON  N1G 5E2
Phone: 519-823-1940
Email: privacyofficer@ouac.on.ca
In This Section
101 Notice and Declaration
105 Notice and Declaration
Graduate Application Notice and Declaration
Ontario College of Teachers (OCT) Notice and Declaration
OLSAS Notice and Declaration
OMSAS Notice and Declaration
ORPAS Notice and Declaration
Qualifications Evaluation Council of Ontario (QECO) Notice and Declaration
TEAS Notice and Declaration
Undergraduate Application Notice and Declaration
Recent NewsCOVID-19 Update from the OUAC and Ontario’s UniversitiesThe OUAC continues to operate, but our building is closed to the public until further…New Payment OptionsWe have new payment options you can use to pay for your application. Read more.Transcripts During the COVID-19 PandemicFor transcripts from Ontario universities/colleges, the process has not changed. You must request your transcript…
Getting Help Application Inquiries
Have your username or OUAC Reference Number handy.
Phone: 519-823-1063
Hours: Monday – Wednesday and Friday:
9:30 am – 4:15 pm (ET)
Thursday: 10:00 am – 4:15 pm (ET)
Contact the OUAC
More InformationAbout the OUAC
About This Website
Employment
Privacy Statement
Sitemap
Applying for OSAP
Statistics The OUAC compiles application statistics for Undergraduate, Teacher Education, Medical School, Law School and Rehabilitation Sciences.
Confirmation statistics are compiled for Undergraduate and Teacher Education.
View the currently available statistics.