https://www.thedermgroup.com/patient-resources/office-policies
https://www.thedermgroup.com
(973) 571-2121
HomePatient ResourcesOffice Policies
Office Policies
Cancellations
If you need to cancel or change an appointment, please contact our office to do so at least 24 hours before your scheduled appointment. Failure to cancel appointment within 24 hours could result in a no-show fee.
Referrals or Authorizations
Many health insurance plans requires a referral or preauthorization for specialty services. Dermatology is a specialty service. It is the patient’s responsibility to ensure that he/she has an appropriate referral when presenting for each appointment. If a referral is required and not in our office at the time of your appointment, you may either:
Pay for the visit at the time of service, or
Change your appointment to a later date so you may obtain the referral/authorization.
Copayment
It is our policy to collect payment at the time of service. If you do not have this payment available at time of check-in, we reserve the right to reschedule your appointment. For your convenience we accept cash and credit/debit cards. (Most credit cards are accepted.)
Insurance Card & Photo ID
We require a copy of your insurance card, as well as a photo ID at every visit. Please make sure you have the required information with you and present it to the customer service representative at check-in.
Treating Minor Children
The Derm Group welcomes children to our practice. While we recognize that parents schedules can be complex, requiring grandparents or other caretakers to bring a child into the office, The Derm Group requires a parent to be present on the initial visit. After the initial visit, the parent may provide written authorization allowing a designated individual to escort their child.
Clinical Trial Request
Fields marked * are required
I accept the Terms of Use*
By checking the box on the contact form, you agree to the Terms of Use listed here: Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold The Derm Group, its doctors and affiliates, harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties.
Send
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Share
Tweet
Pin
Back to Top
WE ARE OPEN. CLICK HERE FOR OUR NEW SAFEDERM PROCEDURES.
Call Us Now
Home
Our Locations
Egg Harbor Township, NJ
Freehold Township, NJ
Hewitt, NJ
Livingston (201), NJ
Marlton, NJ
Morristown, NJ
Orange, CT
North Wales, PA
Nutley, NJ
Paramus, NJ
Princeton, NJ
Riverdale, NJ
Verona, NJ
Warren, NJ
West Orange, NJ
Our Team
Medical Team
Physician Assistants & Nurse Practitioners
Medical Aesthetic Staff
Medical Dermatology
General Dermatology
Pediatric Dermatology
Acne Treatment
Eczema and Psoriasis Treatments
Contact Dermatitis Treatment
Dermatopathology
Skin Cancer Screening and Treatment
Melanoma & Mole Mapping
Mohs Surgery
Dermatologic Surgery
Cosmetic Dermatology
Cosmetic Dermatology
BOTOX®, Dysport®, XEOMIN® & Jeuveau®
BOTOX® for Hyperhidrosis
CoolSculpting®
VelaShape®
Ultherapy®
Dermal Fillers
Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) Photofacials
Laser Hair Removal
Laser Resurfacing
Laser Sunspot Removal & Tattoo Removal
Vein Treatments
Medical-Grade Skincare Products
Aesthetic Services
Chemical Peels
Microdermabrasion
Microneedling
Microblading
Clinical Facials
Plastic Surgery
Breast Augmentation
Mommy Makeover
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Gynecomastia
Facelift
Rhinoplasty
Eyelid Surgery
Clinical Trials
Atopic Dermatitis (Oral Therapy)
Atopic Dermatitis (Topical Spray)
Atopic Dermatitis OXFORAD™ Study
Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS)
Molluscum Contagiosum
Photo Gallery
About Us
About Us/Mission
Our Guiding Principles
In the Media
Careers
Contact
Patient Resources
Telehealth Virtual Appointments
COVID Safety Procedures
Office Policies
Accepted Insurance
Medical Release Forms
FAQ
Dermatology Dictionary
Patient Portal
Skincare Products
Blog
Specials
Partner With Us