https://www.roadback.org/privacy-statementmedical-disclaimer/
Protecting your personal privacy is a priority at Road Back Foundation. We are committed to safeguarding the personal information you share with us.
Information We Gather
Road Back collects both personal and non-personal information on our site. When a visitor completes a form we may collect such items as name, address and e-mail address. This data is collected and housed in our systems for processing. The information you provide is confidential and will only be used to develop our relationship with you and to meet your requests. No information provided by you is sold or shared with any third party.
Certain non-personal information is collected when you browse our web site, read pages or download information. This information does not identify you personally. It is collected to help us improve our web site and general services to the public. The items we gather will include the internet domain and address of the computer accessing the site, the type of browser or other client application used, the operating system of the computer, the web pages visited, the referring web pages and the time spent on our site. Cookies are also used by our site for session management.
Third-party Web Sites
Road Back Foundation’s Web site provides links to a wide variety of other web sites. Road Back is not responsible for the content of these third party sites, their ongoing availability and their privacy policies will vary. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave the Road Back site and to carefully read the privacy statements of any web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates and Questions
Road Back reserves the right, at its discretion, to change this policy at any time. Please check back periodically for updates.
Medical Disclaimer
Roadback Foundation does NOT offer medical advice. We provide information on and advocate for the use of antibiotic protocols to treat rheumatic diseases, prescribed by licensed medical doctors. You should consult with your physician regarding any protocol that you are considering. The Foundation does not endorse any specific products, treatments or protocols. Material on this website is for educational purposes only.
Search
Search
Subscribe to Our Community Blog Sign Up
Donate Today.
Give a gift to the Roadback Foundation.
Donate