http://www.forhair.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Forhair
Make your hair great again!
Hair Transplants
Procedure Overview
FUT vs. FUE Hair Transplant
Advanced FUE Hair Transplants - CIT®
C2G - No Shave FUE
Hair Transplant Repair
Body Hair (BHT)
Scalp Micro Pigmentation (SMP)
Stem Cell Treatments
CRP / ACell Treatments
What is the Cost?
Our Technology
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Hair Loss
Hair Loss Causes & Treatments
Hair Growth Cycles
Hair Loss Pattern
HairCycle Products
Non-Surgical Solutions
Results
Hair Transplant Results
Before and After Photos
Success Stories
Blog
Education
About
Reasons to Choose Forhair
John P. Cole, MD
Patient Reviews
Our Consultations
Travel to Atlanta
Contact Us
Online Consultation
Privacy Policy and Security
(678) 566-1011
Home
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy & Security Rules
At The Forhair Clinic, we take the privacy of our patients very seriously. Patient medical records are kept confidential and are only released at the request of a patient or when required for legal purposes. This policy includes information collected through the use of our website and other online marketing means. It is comprised of, but not limited to, information obtained through emails, newsletters, and leave behinds. We do not take responsibility for any entity not employed, owned, or otherwise controlled by The Forhair Clinic. The acquired information falls into two categories: personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personal information collected may include an email address, name, gender, mailing address, phone number, and referrals. Physical, managerial, and electronic safeguards have been put in place to ensure the safety or your personal information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Some information may be automatically provided to us. Information obtained may pertain to your browser, Internet domain, your computer’s operating system, your IP address, the URL you looked at before coming to our site, the pages of the site you visited, and the URL of the page you visited upon leaving the site.
Utilization of Information
Your email address is used for correspondence regarding consultations, appointments, or to respond to any email we have received from you. In addition, email addresses can be used to send patients valuable information regarding special offers, up-to-date hair restoration news, and any other pertinent information. Non-personally identifiable information may be used for marketing and sales purposes in an effort to optimize the experience of our users.
Medical Disclaimer
The information provided on this site by The Forhair Clinic should not replace the opinion of a medical doctor. The information should not be used to treat or diagnose a medical condition. The content is merely to educate and inform interested parties about hair loss and hair restoration.
Security and Internet Technology
The Forhair Clinic takes every effort to maintain the security of your personally identifiable information and to protect the information shared from unapproved access. The Forhair Clinic utilizes HackAlert for protection against malware and spam. It also protects the personal information of our website users.
We use “cookies,” which are small pieces of information saved to your computer browser. Personal information is never stored in “cookies.” At times, we may use the services of a third party company, which may also use “cookies.”
Links to Additional Websites
CThe Forhair Clinic may have links to other websites included for the convenience of our users. These sites are not covered under our privacy policy and may have their own privacy policies in place. It is the users responsibility to familiarize themselves with the privacy policy of any outside site.
Opting Out
Should you no longer wish to receive emails, newsletters, or promotional information from CThe Forhair Clinic, you have the option to opt-out. Thank you for rating this article.
Details
Last Updated: 08 September 2017
No Internet Connection