http://www.ambrygen.com/legal/privacy-policy
Login
Order
Patients
Providers
Partners
Science
Company
COVID Response
Overview
Take Action
Our Tests
How to Submit a Sample
Billing + Insurance
Blog
Overview
Our Tests
Order Placement
Resources
Our Science
Overview
Pharma Services
CARE
Academic Partners
Sponsored Testing Programs - AmbryLink
Overview
Our Technology
Our Research
Collaborations
Overview
Team
Our Story
Careers
Press Releases
Media Relations
Blog
Events
Contact
Orange County Testing
Hereditary Cancer
Heart Conditions
Neurological Conditions
Rare Conditions
Diagnostic Tests
Oncology
Cardiology
Neurology
Exome + General Genetics
Featured Add-Ons
+RNAinsight®
(concurrent DNA/RNA Testing)
AmbryScore™
(Polygenic Risk Score)
Additional Options
Re-Requisition Policy
Postmortem Testing
AmbryLink
hATTR Compass
Test Orders
How to Order
AmbryPort®
(Order via Online Portal)
Sample Submissions
Order Sample Submission Kit
Sample Specimen Requirements
Forms
Test Forms
Billing + Insurance
Overview of Policies and Procedures
Preverification
Health Plan Requirements Guide
Health Plan Coverage Map
Clinical Materials
Browse by Diagnostic Category
Clinical Tools
Interactive Gene Coverage Tool
Prevalence Tool
Telemedicine
Clinical Education
Webinars
Unparalleled Accuracy
Gene Classification
Candidate Disease Gene Discoveries
Variant Classification
Sanger Confirmation
Family Studies
Translational Genomics Lab
Peer-Reviewed Publications
Scientific Presentations
Scientific Posters
Browse Research by Conference
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Policy
Notice for California Residents
New York State Exceptions
Information Security Statement
Summary
Ambry Genetics Corporation (“Ambry,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have established
this Privacy Policy to inform you of the specific practices and guidelines that protect the security and
confidentiality of your personal information. By using our website, ambrygen.com, or any application or online
services available on ambrygen.com (collectively, the “Services”), or by transmitting information to us by email
or other electronic means, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of
this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use the Services. This Privacy Policy is in addition to and does not
supplant our Notice of Privacy Practices, which can be found
here.
Updates
Ambry may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. All updates to this statement will be posted on this web
page. If we make significant changes, we will notify you by posting them here. Please check this website for the
most current version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Services after we have posted such updates
constitutes your acceptance of them.
Linked Websites
The Services may contain links to external websites. Ambry does not maintain these sites and is not responsible
for the privacy practices of sites that it does not operate. Please refer to the specific privacy statements posted
on those sites.
Aggregate Data Collection
Ambry tracks use of the Services and uses visitor logs to compile anonymous aggregate statistics. This aggregate
information is collected across the Services, and includes anonymous website statistics. When you browse our website,
we collect information about your browsing session through the use of cookies. Our Cookie Policy is published here
and is incorporated herein by reference.
Types of Personal Information Collected
Ambry may collect, store, and use personally identifiable information (such as name, email address, postal code,
and email preferences) when it is voluntarily submitted to us, such as when you register for our informational
newsletters or contact us.
Children
The Services are directed at an adult audience. By using the Services, you confirm that you are not under the age
of 13. We will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from any children under the age of 13. If we
become aware that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly remove such
information from our databases.
Use of Personal Information
We may use your personal information to contact you, improve the Services, provide you with information that you
have requested, or provide you with additional information that Ambry believes may be of interest to you. We may
also use this information to respond to your inquiries, provide you with technical support, and enforce our other
policies governing use of the Services. We may combine your information with other information about you that is
available to us, including information from other sources. Ambry will keep resumes confidential and will use them
only for employment purposes. Use for any other purpose will be with your express consent. Ambry will not sell or
rent your personal information to any other company or organization. Ambry may share your information with third-party
service providers who perform marketing or other services on our behalf. Ambry may access and/or disclose your
personal information to law enforcement officials, regulatory agencies, or other third parties as we, in our sole
discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity, to enforce our
policies governing the Services, and for regulatory compliance. Ambry may also disclose your information in
connection with corporate restructuring, merger, or consolidation with, or sale of substantially all of our assets
to a third party. We do not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with such a transaction
will abide by this Privacy Policy.
Security Measures
Information that you provide to Ambry through ambrygen.com is encrypted using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) technology. Your information is processed and stored on controlled servers with restricted access. We cannot
ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Services, and you do so at your own risk. Ambry
therefore disclaims any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of private information.
Third-Party Information
By using the Services, you acknowledge and affirm that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any
third party individuals whose personal information you supply to us.
Governing Law
You agree that any dispute relating to privacy or the terms in this Privacy Policy will be resolved according to the
laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of law rules. You agree that the courts of the State of
California have exclusive jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of or related to our Services. If you
are accessing the Services from any location with regulations or laws governing personal data collection, use, or
disclosure that differ from United States laws or regulations, please note that you are transferring personal
information to the United States and you consent to that transfer and to the collection and processing of such
information in the United States.
© 2020 Ambry Genetics. All rights reserved.
Company
Press Releases
Contact Us
Events
Blog
Careers
Take Action
Order a Test
Order a Sample Collection Kit
Download Forms
Verify Insurance Coverage
Privacy + Security
Policies and Notices
Notice of Privacy Practices
Cookie Policy
Information Security Statement
Learn More
Terms and Conditions
New York State Exceptions
Licenses
Payor Relations
Patients
Providers
Partners
Science
Company
COVID
Close
Search Results
Start your search...
Previous
Next
Helpful Links
Order a Sample Kit
Forms
Contact Us
Test Menu
×
Please Enter Your Information to Continue
First name
Last name
Email
Npi
Zip
Occupation
Submit and Continue
×
Subscribe For Future Updates
First name
Last name
Email
Postal code
Select which updates you would like to receive
Ambry Updates
Blog
Research
Webinars
Subscribe
*We handle your contact details in line with our
Privacy Policy.
You can opt-out of communications or customize your preferences at any time.