https://www.sages.org/about/legal/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerCopyright:
All material under the domains sages.org, flsprogram.org, fesprogram.org, fuseprogram.org is Copyright © by the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons (SAGES) and may not be reproduced in any way without the express written permission of SAGES. Those found in violation of the Copyright may be subjected to legal action. Material from other domains that appear under the domains  does so with permission and is subject to the Copyright Policy of the originating site.
Linking:
The Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons allows other web sites to link directly to any publicly available document on the above noted domains so long as the page being linked can be clearly identified as belonging to an external site. In other words, you may not open SAGES pages inside of a frame or new browser window with the location box obscured. SAGES asks that the webmaster be notified of these links for informational and tracking purposes. No content may be copied from the SAGES web site to another site without express written permission.
To use the SAGES logo on another web site for linking purposes, permission must be sought from the webmaster .
Members of the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons are encouraged to contact the webmaster to discuss use of SAGES materials on member web sites.
Privacy Policy:
This web site is a free service provided by the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons (SAGES), a 501C6 organization incorporated in Washington D.C.
The Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons (“SAGES”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains many of the data collection and use practices of SAGES’s Services (the “Service”). By using the The Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons’s Website, you agree to the privacy policy.
SAGES offers Services, including but not limited to the Website, on behalf of its customers or partners. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any personal information you provide through the Service may be shared with the customer or partner who engaged SAGES to provide the service you were directed to use.
When this policy mentions “SAGES,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the The Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons (the “Data Processor”). When the policy mentions “Customers” or “Partners”, it refers to the parties (the “Data Controllers”) that engage The Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons to provide products and services to you.
The Platform may include links to other applications or sites or integrate with social sharing features. This Policy applies to the Services of SAGES only. Any information you submit to linked sites, via integrated sharing, or to other applications will be subject to the privacy policies of those providers. You should review those policies carefully before providing any information to these linked sites or applications.
1. Information We Collect and Receive
1.1 Information Received from Customers and Third Parties
Customers or Third Party Services that use our Platform may upload information that could contain personal information about you. We do not control, supervise or respond for how Customers and Third Parties providing your information process your personal data. Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties.
Customers: We may receive information about you through data upload to the Platform by our Customers and Partners.
Third Party Data Services: Customers may import information about you including your affiliations and publications, or CME/Credit information.
Third Party Login Services: If you link, connect, or login with a third party service (e.g. Customer Member Login, Registration Company related login such as badge ID and last name, Abstract Management Systems, Google, LinkedIn, etc.), the third party service may send us information such as your registration and profile information from that service. This information varies and is controlled by that service. Please check your privacy settings at that service.
1.2 Information You Provide
Membership Account: To join SAGES you will be required to give SAGES contact information as well as some information from your C.V. This information is used to contact you regarding SAGES member services.
Non-member Account: Certain services are available to logged-in non-SAGES members on the Platform. These Accounts collect many of the same data points as Membership Accounts and are subject to the same restrictions and uses.
Public Share: You are responsible for any information you share publicly on the Platform via comments, photos, Q&A, etc.
Non-Public Share: To enable you to communicate with other Platform users by sending or receiving messages, we will store and process your communications and information related to them.
Contact Us & Feedback: Information you provide via support links and forms is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may store comments to improve our Platform, website, products, process, and for review. Do not send us any information, ideas, suggestions, proposals, or comments that you consider confidential or that you want to be treated as confidential.
Feature Use: You may otherwise choose to provide us information when you fill in a form, conduct a search, update or add information to your profile, respond to surveys, post a comment, participate in gamification, or use other features of the Platform.
1.3 Information Automatically Collected
To enable certain functionality and to improve your experience, we automatically collect information when you are logged in to the Platform. This includes your membership information and information about the services you use and how you use them.
Usage Information: When you are logged in, we collect information about your interactions with the Platform such as the features you use, search terms you enter, pages you visit, etc.
Information that may be collected when you are not logged in:
Logs: We automatically collect log data and device information for automated crash reporting, even if you are not logged in. That information includes, among other things: hardware and software information, device information, device event information, and crash data.
Cookies: We use cookies and other similar technologies, such as mobile location identifiers. SAGES is not responsible for tracking technologies on third party content pages that Customers may link to from within the Platform.
Emails: Your contact information may have been provided by Customer or may be provided during login or registration for systems that are availble to non-logged in members. We may use customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to help provide you more relevant information.
You understand that logging out or deleting the Personal Information that you have provided may affect your ability to use the Services and features provided. Deleting information may not result in removal of such information from our Services.
1.4 Personal Data and Children
The Platform is intended for persons 18 years of age and older. In no event will SAGES knowingly collect, use, or disclose information for individuals under the age of 18.
2. How We Use Your Information
If you are logged in to the Platform, we store, and process information about you in order to provide Platform functionality. We may aggregate data to help provide more useful information to our Customers and to understand which parts of our Platform are of most interest to users. The data is used to:
Provide customer service
Send you service or support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications (your contact information may have been provided by the Customer or submitted by you during account creation). If you wish to withdraw your participation from these emails, you may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time by unsubscribing at the bottom of the email message or contacting sagesweb@sages.org
Enable our Customers to personalize and customize your experience (such as providing functionality specific to your registration information)
Operate, improve, and optimize the Platform and experience including capacity planning, anticipating, diagnosing, supporting or resolving problems that might limit or disrupt the Platform as well as internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve the quality of the Service.
3. How We Share Your Data
To enable our services for our Customers and Partners, your data is shared with them. To support networking, some information is shared with other Platform users.
Shared at SAGES
We may review, scan, or analyze your use of the Platform for investigation, product development, research, and customer support purposes. We do not review, scan, or analyze your information to send third party marketing messages to you, and we will not sell this information or analyses of your communications.
SAGES occasionally will hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as technical support, transaction processing, or statistical analysis. These providers have limited access to your information to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are contractually bound to protect and to use it only for the purposes for which it was disclosed and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Shared with Customers
General Platform usage information presented in aggregate reports
User profile information including comments and photos you shared
Member Contact Information (exlcuding email addresses) may be purchased
Shared via Third Party Partner Integrations
The Platform may contain links or integrations to third party websites or services, such as itinerary planners, content platforms (e.g. ePosters), survey services, audience response systems, abstract management systems, accreditation sites, etc. Personal information is shared in order to enable the integrations and provide the Platform. SAGES does not own or control these third-party partners and when you interact with them, you may be providing information directly to them. These partners will have their own rules about the collection, use, and disclosure of information. Please review the privacy policies of any other websites you visit.
Shared Publicly
Your profile information, such as your first name name, last name, photo (if uploaded by the Customer or by you), and any information uploaded by our Customers or Partners may be visible to others. Members are encouraged to create a Public Profile for the express purposes of allowing Customers to search for your contact information. Please contact sagesweb@sages.org to opt-out.
We do not control the practices of Customers and Partners. Please review the Privacy Policies of related services.
Other Sharing
We may also share your information with third parties for these purposes:
To publish aggregate information about the use of the Platform.
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SAGES; (b) protect and defend the rights of SAGES (including enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of SAGES employees, users of the SAGES sites, products or services, or members of the public.
4. How You Can Manage Your Data
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by sending an email to sagesweb@sages.org. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request. Almost all data we collect is editable by you and we provide members with the ability to show/hide data to different populations.
4.1 Manage Your Information
You may access and update some of your information through your Profile settings. If you have chosen to connect your Account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and remove permission for the Platform by changing your Account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.
Any information you have publicly shared via the Platform, you can remove yourself by deleting your shared content using the Platform.
Any inaccurate data uploaded by our Customer or imported through a third party data source must be corrected at the source. Please contact the organization that provided you access to our Platform.
4.2 Correct Inaccurate or Incomplete Information
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you. Information displayed about you in the Service may have been derived from a third party. Please contact SAGES’s Customer, who provided you with access to the Platform, to request data access, data updates, or data deletion.
4.3 Data Access and Portability
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your personal information held by us. You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).
4.4 Data Retention and Erasure
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between the Customer and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to store your information to provide the Platform to you, you can request that we erase your personal information. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:
Information you have shared with others (e.g., comments, photos, messages) may continue to be publicly visible on the Platform, even after your Account is erased.
Because we maintain the Platform to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
4.5 Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing
Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw your consent at any time by logging out of the Platform. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal nor does logging out delete your previous information collected. Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 4.6 and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of SAGES override your own.
4.6 Objection to Processing
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require SAGES not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest. If you object to such processing SAGES will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Your personal information is not processed for direct marketing purposes.
5. Transfer
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your Personal Data and other personal information.
6. Security
SAGES is committed to protecting the security of your information and we undertake practical and reasonable steps to protect your information from unauthorized or accidental access, disclosure, misuse or processing, or from alteration, destruction, or loss. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Some services such as messaging or social networking may share Personal Information and may be visible to other users to be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances.
If have reason to believe that your Account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. By continuing to access or use the Platform after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
8. Contact Us
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via https://www.sages.org or webmaster@sages.org
Contact SAGES
Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons
11300 W. Olympic Blvd Suite 600
Los Angeles, CA 90064 USA
webmaster@sages.org
Tel: (310) 437-0544
Find Us Around the Web!
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Newsletter Subscription
Your Email*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Important Links
SAGES 2020 Meeting Information
Healthy Sooner: Patient Information
SAGES Guidelines, Statements, & Standards of Practice
SAGES Manuals