http://www.einstein.edu/urology/conditions
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Urology / Conditions & Treatments
Urology
Urology Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Focusing on delivering the latest minimally invasive treatments and therapies with a personal approach that treats patients like family, we offer the most advanced, evidence-based care for a full range of urologic conditions.
Cancer & Urologic Oncology
Using advanced diagnostic and screening tools and minimally invasive procedures, we offer comprehensive treatment options for all types of cancer that may affect a person’s urinary system.
Learn More
Erectile Dysfunction
Einstein Healthcare Network’s
expert urologists have diagnosed and treated thousands of cases of ED. We work closely with you or your loved one to develop a personalized treatment plan to help restore sexual function.
Learn More
Female Pelvic Medicine
Our specially trained physicians, nurses and physical therapists offer compassionate and comprehensive treatment of urologic conditions specifically affecting women, including pelvic organ prolapse, incontinence and pelvic pain.
Learn More
General Urology
Treating every individual patient with expert attention and discreet, personal care, we are experts in the full spectrum of urologic diseases and disorders, including problems urinating, incontinence, bladder stones and more.
Learn More
Kidney Stones
As one of the region’s top kidney stone facilities, our experts combine cutting-edge treatment with preventative medicine and education to manage and eradicate kidney stones.
Learn More
Urologic Trauma, Reconstruction and Prosthetics
Under the leadership of Jay Simhan, MD, Einstein has become a national destination for patients seeking the best care for urologic trauma - conditions that can cause the inability to urinate, pain during urination or sex and a variety of other conditions.
Learn More
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Karl’s Story
After a near fatal motorcycle accident, it wasn’t until he discovered the experts at Einstein Urology that his real internal issues were healed. We treat patients like Karl every day.
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have clinical expertise in all core domains of urology and are actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.