http://www.helpingfamiliesfirst.org/privacy-policy/
FSA Privacy Policy – Family Service Agency
Providing high quality human services to families and individuals.
Counseling
Drug & Alcohol Education Program
Employee Assistance
Family Service Agency, Inc.
FSA Privacy Policy
Prevention Services
Substance Abuse Counseling
TransParenting
Donate to help families
Programs
Home Page
Counseling Options
Substance Abuse Counseling
TransParenting
Employee Assistance
Drug & Alcohol Education Program
Prevention Services
Document Links
990 ReportingCQI PlanFSA Outcomes
FSA Privacy Policy
Family Service Agency respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Family Service Agency.
External Sites
Family Service Agency is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Family Service Agency to recognize you each time you visit this site(customization etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Family Service Agency does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as news feeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Family Service Agency and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Family Service Agency have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Proudly powered by WordPress.
Theme: Flat 1.7.11 by Themeisle.