http://www.charminghealth.com/purchase/terms.htm
ABC
22
Terms
of Use:
Agreement
Disclaimer
Code
of Ethics
Rates
Pricing
Policy
Privacy
Terms
Charming Health.com will not be liable to any legal proceedings whatsoever further to any inadvertent aggravation or illness caused by the use of our
recommended essence blends because there is no direct control
of CharmingHealth on the quality and genuineness of essences
that you purchase. The nature of on-line consulting compels us to insert this disclaimer, although in apparent contradictory to the noble
service we offer.
All information provided herein is correct to the best of our knowledge. This however does not amount to the purport that this body of knowledge constitutes any research based on international research protocols.
While we feel confident in the benefits that can be derived from our
recommended essence formulations; we must also recommend that by proper diet and adequate exercise even greater benefits may be experienced. If one continues to eat the junk food that is harmful to him, he
or she is really creating roadblocks for the essences to conquer. Though there are no known side effects of Bach essences
that we recommend, but it is possible for anyone to be allergic or react to anything at anytime.
1)
We do not claim to treat, cure, or diagnose disease, but to promote energetic balance within the body. We want to make it very clear that
we are not doctors and we do not diagnose, cure, or treat disease. We do not want to replace your medical doctor or medical treatments. We do not want you to stop any medical prescriptions or advice your medical doctors or licensed medical professionals have you undergoing.
We simply offer a complementary service and have no intent of detracting from or lessoning your current medical regimen.
2)
Charming Health.com
is not intended to be a prescription, diagnose, prevent, cure, or treat disease. You are taking responsibility for the uses made of
Charming Health.com.
3)
The statements in this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the American Medical Association (AMA), American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA), or any other medical licensing authority.
4)
We further clarify that the liability of our
assignee(s), if any, is limited to the extent of their
assigned work and in any case they shall not be held responsible for any dispute regarding interpretation of content, therapy, result thereof etc.
Charming Health.com is an experiment of online consultation with complete privacy and confidentiality, supported by a vital information about Bach Flower Therapy. The Site is designed to provide a convenient, private and informative online Wellness Center experience for
healthy living. Accessible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, the
Charming Health.com online Wellness Center aware visitors and make them educated about their deteriorating emotional health.
Charming Health.com want each visitor to the Site ("you") to have a safe, pleasurable visit, so we have established the following terms and conditions so that we (we and you) know what to expect from each other. By using the Site you agree to be bound by the terms set forth herein. We may make changes to the Site, these Terms of Use, or the policies and conditions that govern the use of the Site at any time. We encourage you to review the Site and these terms periodically for any updates or changes. Your continued access or use of the Site shall be deemed your acceptance of these changes and the reasonableness of these standards for notice of changes.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS:
In consideration of your use of the Site, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the online form
or questionnaire (survey) and (b) maintain and promptly update the Information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your registration and refuse any and all current and future use of the Site. This Information and certain other information about you is subject to our
online service agreement
and
Privacy
Policy.
YOUR CONDUCT:
Any conduct by you that in our sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Site will not be permitted. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, fraudulent, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
You agree that your use of robots, spiders, crawlers, wanderers,
web agents and other such automated processes on the Site will be Standard for Robot Exclusion (SRE) -compliant robots ("robots") and when connecting to the Site, prior to downloading or indexing any pages on the Site, such robots will immediately visit
http://www.CharmingHealth.com/robots.txt ("the robot.txt file"). You understand that the robots.txt file is the only means by which robots are authorized to access the Site. You agree not to violate any of the robot access policies and acknowledge that any violation of the policies may result in termination of your access to the Site, deactivation or deletion of your account and all related information and files in your account, and preclusion of any further access to such files or the Site, without prior notice. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Site, use of the Site, or access to the Site. You agree not to access the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by us for use in accessing the Site.
SITE CONTENT:
You acknowledge that the Site contains information, data, software, photographs, graphics, text, images, typefaces and other material (collectively "Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and
technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the
local and international copyright laws, and we own a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such Content. You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal, information and non-commercial use and that you do not alter or modify the Content in any way, and maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices.
Disclaimers you expressly agree that use of the site is at your sole risk. Neither we, nor our affiliates, nor any of our officers, directors, or employees, agents, third-party content providers ("providers"), promoters, sponsors ("sponsors"), licensors ("licensors"), or the like (collectively, "associates"), warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error-free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the site, or as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information, content, service, or merchandise provided through the site. The site is provided on an "as is," "as available" basis and we specifically disclaim warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by us nor our affiliates, nor any of our officers, directors, employees, agents, providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors, or the like, shall create a
warranty.
All information contained on the Site, including information relating to emotional health conditions, Bach Remedies and online consultation with their use, is for informational purposes only. It is often presented in summary or aggregate form. It is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or other medical professionals or any information contained on or in any product packaging or labels. You should not use the information contained on the site for diagnosing a health problem or prescribing a medication. You should carefully read all information provided on the site. You should always consult your own physician and medical advisors. Though it is mentioned that flower therapy doesn't demand special diet
and regimen, it is informed that information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Further, we explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on the site we encourage discretion when browsing the Internet using our or anyone else's service. At the same time we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in other's site, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites.
Limitation of liability: under no circumstances shall we or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing the site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, ancillary, special, or consequential damages for loss of profits, good will, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages) that result from:
the use of or inability to use the site,
the cost of procurement of substitute services resulting from any, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service;
unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data;
statements or conduct of any third party on the site; or
any other matter relating to the service. You hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through the site. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You agree to indemnify and hold us, and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, your use of the Site, your connection to the Site, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another.
OUR RIGHTS:
We may elect to electronically monitor areas of the Site and may disclose any Content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Site; or (iii) to protect our rights or property or the rights of the users, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors. We are not responsible for screening, policing, editing, or monitoring such Content. If notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive Content, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such Content from the Site. We may terminate your access, or suspend your access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party Provider, Sponsor, Licensor, service provider, or us.
Because client service is paramount to our business, we reserve the right to refuse to sell services to you if it reasonably appears to us that you intend to resell this services to third party. In addition, we reserve the right to limit duration of consultation of the enrolled client.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES:
Occasionally, we may make available a link to a third party's website. These links will let you leave the Site. The linked sites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. We are not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. We provide the links to you only as a convenience. We do not endorse the site or its use or contents.
SUBMISSIONS:
We are pleased to hear from our clients and welcome your comments regarding our services, including the Site. We request that you be specific in your comments on our services. If you send us comments, suggestions, ideas, materials, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information (collectively, "Submissions"), the Submissions shall be deemed, and shall remain, our property. None of the Submissions shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part, and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that we shall exclusively own and hereby assign to us without compensation or further obligation all now known or hereafter existing rights to the Submissions of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions, including the right to publish on the Site or elsewhere and to use the Submission, including any suggestions, ideas, etc. contained herein.
APPLICABLE LAW:
We control this Site from our offices within the Republic of India. We make no representation that the Content in the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Any claim relating to the Site, the services provided through the Site or the Content shall be governed by the internal laws of the Republic of India, without reference to its choice of law provisions.
TERMINATION:
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, you must cease your use of the Site. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to suspend or deny, in our sole discretion, your access to all or any portion of the Site with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and bar any further access to such files or the Site. Further, you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Site.
GENERAL INFORMATION:
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between us (you and us) and govern the use of the Site. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Use remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or the Terms of Use must be filed within 3 months after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS:
We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a
scanned copy of the copyrighted work; identification of the URL or other specific location on the Site where the material that you claim is infringing is located; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site can be reached as follows: By email:
Register
(at) CharmingHealth.com
COPYRIGHT NOTICE. Copyright ©
2000 - 2009, CharmingHealth.Com, All rights reserved. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007,
2008,2009
All rights reserved.
© 2000-2009 Copyright
Charming Health
(dot) Com Bach
Flower Therapy Consultation | Terms of Use
Agreement
Disclaimer
Code
of Ethics
Rates
Pricing
Policy
Privacy
Terms
33