http://www.lifelinescreening.com/help-center
Help CenterQuestions? You’ll find all the resources you need for understanding your screening options, scheduling the right screening and more right here. Search for the information you need or explore frequently asked questions. If you still need support, just call us directly at 800-778-6093.
Disease Information
What is heart (cardiovascular) disease?
How common is heart disease?
Can I reduce my risk of developing heart disease?
Why should I have health screenings done if I have no symptoms?
Which Life Line Screening blood screenings check for heart disease risk factors?
What is an Annual Wellness Visit?
What makes Life Line Screenings disease risk assessment different from the others available?
Our Company and Events
I have a doctor. Why do I need Life Line Screening?
How long has Life Line Screening offered these services?
What screenings can I get if I use a wheelchair?
Are there weight limits for the screenings?
Will there be doctors at the screening site?
What is the time frame for receiving the results of my colon cancer screening kit?
Are you affiliated with any hospital?
I work during the day. Can I schedule a screening later in the day?
What to Expect
Where does Life Line Screening conduct screenings?
Are the screenings given by Life Line Screening 100% accurate?
What type of equipment is used?
How can you assure the consistency and reliability of your machines?
What kind of training have your ultrasound technologists received?
Why are your screenings shorter than those performed in hospitals?
How long do the screenings take?
Can I eat or drink anything before these screenings?
Why was the Afib screening result I received from Life Line Screening different from the test I had at my doctor/cardiologist?
What is involved in the 6 For Life screening?
Why Screening?
What is the objective of preventive health screenings?
At what age should I be screened?
How often should I have these general health screenings?
Why should I have these screenings done if I have no symptoms?
Can my physician do this type of preventive health screening as part of my routine physical?
How can your company afford to do these professional health screenings for such a low cost?
What makes Life Line Screening's disease risk assessment different from the others available?
How does this test differ from your other screenings?
Don't your other tests screen for stroke?
Do I need a screening if I already get blood tests through my doctor?
Can I be screened if I'm adopted and don't know my family health history?
What is the age range for this screening?
How often should I be screened?
Screening Results
When and how will I receive my health screening results?
Why does it take up to 14 days to receive my results?
Who reviews the health screening results?
Will I receive the results of my health screenings or will they be given directly to my doctor?
Why don't your results give more detailed information?
What happens when a problem is identified?
Can the new osteoporosis screening results be converted into a T-score like the old report?
What is a disease risk assessment?
What is Life Line Screening's 6 for Life?
How are my risks calculated and how accurate are my results?
When will I receive my results?
Payment and Billing
Is Life Line Screening a for-profit or not-for-profit organization?
How do I submit my screening for insurance reimbursement?
Does Medicare or insurance cover the ultrasound and blood tests?
Didn't I already pay for my screenings?
Why did I get a bill from Medicare?
General Questions
Liver Function
Why do I need a liver enzyme screening?
What are elevated liver enzymes?
What is involved in screening for elevated liver enzymes?
When will I receive my liver enzyme screening results?
How much time will the liver enzyme test take?
What is the Accuracy Level of the Liver Enzyme Test?
Contact UsLife Line Screening
Barton Oaks Plaza 2, Suite 130
901 South Mopac Expressway
Austin, TX 78746
Call us at 800-718-0961
We Are Available
Monday-Friday 7:30am - 9:00pm (EST)
Saturday-Sunday 9:00am - 5:30pm (EST)
Or send us an email and we'll get back to you shortly.Contact Us