https://www.cera.org.au/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement |
Search for:
A+
A-
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
MENU
Home
About Our Board
Principal Investigators
Management
Partnerships
Annual Review
Services
Research Clinical Genetics
Clinical Trials Research Centre For Patients and Participants COVID-19: Keeping our trial patients safe
General Clinical Trial Information
Frequently Asked Questions about Eye Studies
Patient Journey in an Eye Trial
Eye Conditions We Study
Our Contacts: For Patients
For Health Care Practitioners How to Refer a Patient
Currently Recruiting Studies
For Industry and Research Collaborators About the Clinical Trials Research Centre
Our Services and Facilities
Australian Research Environment: Ethics, Regulatory and Governance Requirements
Our Strategic Research Alliances
Our Contacts: For Industry and Research Collaborators
Cellular Reprogramming
Corneal Research
Glaucoma Research
Macular Research
Mitochondria and neurodegeneration
Oxidant Signalling Unit
Ocular Genetics
Population Health and Health Services Research
WHO Collaborating Centre for the Prevention of Blindness WHO CC Team
WHO CC Projects
Community Support Us Donate now
Leave a gift in your will
Facebook fundraising
Other ways to help
Stories
Your eye health Age-related macular degeneration (AMD)
Cataract
Corneal donation and transplantation
Diabetic eye disease
Eye movement disorders
Fuchs’ endothelial dystrophy
Glaucoma
Inherited retinal diseases (IRDs) Retinitis pigmentosa
Stargardt’s disease
Cone-rod dystrophy (CORD)
Leber congenital amaurosis (LCA) and early-onset severe retinal dystrophy (EOSRD)
Usher syndrome
Keratoconus
Leber’s hereditary optic neuropathy (LHON)
Refractive error
Uveitis
Alumni Hub
Lions Eye Donation Service About Eye Donation
Health care providers
Donors and their families
Corneal transplant recipient
Patient-reported outcome questionnaires
News & Events News
Events
Subscribe
Eye-news emails
Visionary magazine
Study & Careers
Contact Us
Donate
Privacy Statement
CERA supports and complies with all relevant legislation and regulation on privacy, including provisions relating specifically to health and research settings. We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of our patients, supporters, volunteers and staff.
HomePrivacy StatementAffiliated with the University of Melbourne
Centre for Eye Research Australia (CERA) supports and complies with all relevant legislation and regulation on privacy, including provisions relating specifically to health and research settings. This statement incorporates the relevant provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles.
We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of our patients, supporters, volunteers and staff. We will update this statement when our information handling practices change, and any amendments will apply to the information we hold at the time of the update. We will post the updated statement on our website and we encourage you to check our website from time to time to view our current statement, or contact us for a printed copy.
What is personal information and why do we collect it?
Personal information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. Examples of personal information we collect include: names, addresses, email addresses, phone, health information, date of birth and financial information.
Sensitive information
Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act 1988 to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
Sensitive information will be used by us only:
For the primary purpose for which it was obtained
For a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose
With your consent; or where required or authorised by law
How we use your information
Personal information you provide to us via our website is only used for the purposes for which it was provided.
Supporter communication
To process donations, provide receipts, send information about CERA and to get in touch with our supporters from time to time we typically ask you for the following details:
contact information (name, address, telephone, email)
contact information (name, address, telephone, email)
your CERA supporter number (if you have one)
credit card numbers
Online surveys
Our online surveys may ask for contact information as well as some population-based information, to find out what we can do to better meet your needs.
Job and student applications
If you apply via email for a position advertised on our web site or express interest in studying with CERA, your CV and other personal details will be kept in a database and used to contact you as part of the recruitment process for the role in question or any other roles that may arise that we may wish to contact you about.
Anonymous tracking
Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer to help us determine the type of browser and settings you are using, where you have been on the website, when you return to the website, where you came from, and to ensure your information is secure. Through the use of ‘cookies’, we anonymously track your visit to this web site in order to compile statistical information about the use of our website. This information is not used in any other way.
If you prefer not to allow the use of ‘cookies’, you should be able to adjust your browser to turn them off or notify you when ‘cookies’ are being used.
How do we protect your information?
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. However, CERA uses its best endeavours to protect your personally identifiable information. This includes using industry standard techniques such as firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection and site monitoring. While we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you send to us or receive from us, especially via email. Such information cannot be protected by CERA until it reaches us. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our servers.
We do not share personal details of patients, supporters, volunteers or staff with any third parties except where required by law or with your written permission. Only authorised staff who are aware of the Australian Privacy Principles have access to your records on a need-to-know basis for the conduct of their jobs. We review our security arrangements from time to time.
Can you remain anonymous or use a pseudonym when dealing with us?
If you wish to remain anonymous or to use a pseudonym when dealing with us, we may be able to provide you with only limited information and services. In many cases, however, it will not be possible for us to assist you with your specific needs if you wish to remain anonymous or to use a pseudonym.
Links with other sites
CERA’s website contains links to other sites. Other sites may also link to our site. CERA is not responsible for the content, privacy or general business practices of any website or organisation other than our own. External websites are not covered by this statement.
Opting out or updating your information.
If you want to change any information that you have previously given us, or if you want to opt out of future communications, please email cera-info@unimelb.edu.au or call us on (03) 9929 8360.
We may update your personal information if we believe the personal information we hold is incomplete or out of date.
Access to your personal information
You may access the personal information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your personal information, please contact us in writing.
CERA will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee for providing a copy of your Personal Information.
In order to protect your personal information, we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
Do we send your personal information to overseas recipients?
No, we do not send your personal information to overseas recipients.
Feedback
If you have any questions or comments about CERA in relation to privacy issues, please contact us on:
(03)9929 8360.
If you have an unresolved complaint about how we handle your personal information you can contact the office of the Australian Information Commissioner by calling 1300 363 992 or find them online at oaic.gov.au.
© 2014 Centre for Eye Research Australia
This page last modified on
Privacy Statement
Site Map
Back to top