http://www.phxautism.org/privacy-policy
Join Our Newsletter Privacy PolicyThe Autism Society of Greater Phoenix has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL www.phxautism.org.In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. The Autism Society of Greater Phoenix reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:1. What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site2. Who collects such information3. How such information is used4. With whom your information may be shared5. What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information6. What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Autism Society by clicking here.What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.Security:All information provided to the Autism Society is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of the Autism Society. Unfortunately however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. The Autism Society of Greater Phoenix has confidential systems in place to assure the highest level of protection of personal information of any donor, member or other supporter to the Autism Society of Greater Phoenix.Other Web Sites:Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which the Autism Society of Greater Phoenix has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.Sharing Information:The Autism Society of Greater Phoenix does not share or exchange visitor information (e.g., name, address, e-mail address) with other organizations. The Autism Society of Greater Phoenix does not and will not provide the name or any contact related information about any person without the expressed written authorization of that person, unless required by law to provide such information. The Autism Society of Greater Phoenix does not ever sell or rent any mailing lists of the Autism Society of Greater Phoenix (including, but not limited to donors and members).Contacting the Web Site:If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:Autism SocietyPO Box 10543Phoenix, AZ 85043