http://www.birthmothers.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Home
Pregnant?
How We Help
Long-Distance Pregnancy Support
Stories from Birth Moms
Our Songs
Talk With a Call Counselor
For Family Members
Facts and Info
Facts About Pregnancy
Considering Abortion?
Resources for Pregnant Women
Pregnancy Resources
Services for Women & Families
Adoption Resources
Post-Abortion Resources
About Us
Our Mission, Vision, & Core Values
Our Distinctives
What We Believe: Ministry Statement of Faith
Our History
Contact Us
BirthMothers
Faith-based, nonprofit organization dedicated to providing nonjudgmental, one-on-one assistance to any woman facing an unplanned pregnancy.
Terms of Use
Updated March 2018
This website (the “website”) is operated by Birthmothers Ministries, Inc. (“Birthmothers”).  Birthmothers is committed to informing you of your rights and the ministry’s rights as you use this website.  We want your experience safe, secure, and informative.  Please read and consider the following information prior to interacting with our website.
By using and accessing this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, as they may be modified from time to time.  If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you may not use this website.  Birthmothers is not responsible for any damages or injuries caused by the use of or access to this website.  We do not guarantee any merchandise, information, service, or other material provided on or through this website.
1.  Collection of Information
During your visit to our website, Birthmothers will never collect personal information without your knowledge.  Any information that is requested will be in direct correlation to the services you request.  From time to time, Birthmothers may ask for your personal input and suggestions related to your online experience.  This information will remain confidential and will allow us to improve and enhance your online user experience.  Your provision of personal comments or suggestions will serve as consent to our use of this information to improve user experience. Birthmother’s separate website Privacy Policy contains additional provisions concerning Birthmother’s use of information collected from the Website.  The terms of the Privacy Policy are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
2.  Security
All transactions accomplished through this website are secured using a SSL encryption to protect sensitive data transmissions from your computer to our website.  Birthmothers also uses password protection to secure personal information.
3.  Changes
Birthmothers maintains the right to adjust or change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice to users.  Check this policy periodically for updates.  Any changes to these Terms and Conditions will be posted on this site and become effective immediately upon posting.
4.  Links
Birthmothers may provide links to other websites maintained by individuals or organizations outside of Birthmothers.  These links are not an endorsement of these third-party websites or the values or opinions expressed in them.  Birthmothers does not control such websites and their content.  Should you visit these external websites, your use of such sites are not governed by this website’s Terms and Conditions.
5.  Copyright
All information and materials contained within the Birthmothers’  website, including but not limited to all text, graphics, artwork, photographs, video and audio files, icons, organization, arrangement, and overall look and feel appearing on the website, are the copyrighted property of Birthmothers unless otherwise indicated.  All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are the property of Birthmothers.  Unless otherwise noted, no material or documents from our website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, with the exception of five (5) copies downloaded to your computer for personal or educational use.  In order to use Birthmothers documents, you must maintain original content and copyright marks and obtain written permission from the ministry.  You are prohibited from adding, deleting, distorting, or misrepresenting content.  Any attempts to modify website material or to defeat or circumvent security features are prohibited.  Please contact us for permission to use any information or materials from the website in any manner outside the scope of the limited license stated above.
6.  Restrictions on Use
Birthmothers strictly prohibits and disclaims any and all liability for the use of this website for the communication of illegal, false, pornographic, obscene, threatening, or otherwise offensive remarks, content, or material.  We strictly prohibit and are not liable for breaches of confidentiality that may take place within this website.
All material, resources, content, and information published, posted or distributed by Birthmothers are designed and intended for general informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as a substitute for the direct counsel of an attorney, professional counselor, or medical professional.  You expressly assume the risk of your reliance upon any content or information contained in or accessed through this website.
The Birthmothers website offers content on issues pertaining to pregnancy, abortion, and other related issues. The information provided on this website, and all information provided to you by Birthmothers, its “Friends,” and all other volunteers and staff, is not intended to substitute for professional medical advice.  You are always advised to seek medical advice from your personal medical physician, who is best able to evaluate whether or not a specific health suggestion or potential course of treatment is best for you.
7.  Submitting Material
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, comments, or other information that you send to Birthmothers through our website other than information directly requested will become the property of Birthmothers.  You agree that Birthmothers is thereby released from any obligation to treat such submissions as confidential.  You cannot take legal action against us or request payment from us for using materials you submit in this manner.  We maintain the right to use such materials for any and all purposes that we believe to be appropriate to the mission and vision of Birthmothers.  When submitting such materials, you acknowledge that you are responsible for such submissions and that you have full responsibility for the content of the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
8.  Limitation of Liability
Birthmothers and its affiliates are not liable for any injury or damages of any kind, whether incidental, consequential, direct, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary, or contractual, that may result from your use of or reliance on any operation, material, content, or other aspect of our website.
9.  Disclaimer of Warranty
Birthmothers makes no representations or warranties about the completeness or accuracy of this website’s content or information or other material contained within the website.  By accessing and using this website, you agree to hold Birthmothers and its affiliates harmless and not responsible for the content distributed by or through this website.
10.  Online Forum Postings
Birthmothers maintains the right to monitor and censor the content of postings within any online affiliate forum within this website.  We expect forum users to adhere to the standards of content set forth on the forums, to respect the nature of Birthmothers’ values, and to maintain
decency; however, we are not liable or responsible for the content of online postings.  We strictly prohibit the communication of illegal, false, pornographic, obscene, threatening, or otherwise offensive remarks through our online forums.  We strictly prohibit and are not liable for breaches of confidentiality that make take place within our forums.  Birthmothers maintains the right to monitor, delete, and edit any information posted within these forums that is deemed questionable and to delete user accounts that are responsible for the creation of content that does not fit within these guidelines.
We do not allow children under 13 to use our online forums and should we learn that an account has been created by a child under 13, this account will be removed and all content will be deleted.  Birthmothers will fully accommodate requests from authorities related to the content of illegal postings.
11.  Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Birthmothers and its directors, officers, employees, volunteers, and affiliates from any liability, loss, claim, expense, and damage award (including attorneys’ fees) that arise from any claim, action, or demand related to your violation of these Terms and Conditions or use of this website in any manner.  By accessing and using this website, you accept these Terms and Conditions each and every time you access it.
12.  Jurisdiction
Our Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws set forth by the state of Virginia.  The material presented within this website, unless otherwise noted, was created in the state of Virginia for sole use by and for Birthmothers.  If you utilize this website or the resources therein outside of the United States, you are legally obligated to abide by the laws of that location.
13.  Questions and Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Terms and Conditions, please contact us.
© 2018 Birthmother Ministries, Inc. (Birthmothers®). All materials on this website are solely owned and copyrighted by Birthmothers and are protected by U.S. and international copyrights unless otherwise indicated.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Search for:
Archives
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2015
November 2015
May 2014
January 2012
November 2011
September 2011
September 2010
May 2010
February 2010
January 2010
November 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
November 2004
Meta
Log in
Search for:
Pregnant?
Fast Facts
FAQs
Contact Us
Video
ResourcesPregnancy Resources
Services for Women & Families
Adoption Resources
Post-Abortion Resources
Personal StoriesA Friend Who Sticks Close
A Tremendous Privilege
Healing Is Possible
God Is In Any Situation I Face
God Loved Me Through My Friend
Fear Is Overcome With Love
© 2008-2020 Birthmother Ministries, Inc.
Birthmothers ® A Friend Loves At All Times ™
PO Box 560, Virginia Beach, VA 23451 USA
If you're pregnant and need assistance, call 1 (844) 772-4784 from anywhere
24 hours a day, 7 days a week |
We'll be a Friend
Find out how you can help women and families who face an unplanned pregnancy when you log onto www.birthmotherministries.org.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use