http://www.alivealone.org/privacy.html
Disclaimer
The Alive Alone is a non-profit organization for the benefit bereaved
parents, whose only child or all children are deceased, by providing a
self-help network to promote communication and healing, to assist in
resolving grief, and a means to reinvest their lives for a positive future.
Privacy
Statement
Alive Alone, Inc. respects your privacy rights. Alive Alone does not share
information with other companies, agencies or organizations. The Alive Alone
web site is hosted by BlueHost
on their servers. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to our host or third
party web sites that may be accessible through the Alive Alone web site. We
encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third parties to learn
how they collect and use information about you.
Ground
Rules
The Alive Alone web site exist only for grief
support. Alive Alone is advertisement free.
Visitors of the Alive Alone web site are bereaved and should be treated
with respect, compassion and courtesy. Alive Alone does NOT prescribe for
others — legally, medically or spiritually.
Technical
Information
When you visit the Alive Alone web site, Alive Alone's
host collects technical information that does not by itself identify a
specific individual. This information (sometimes referred to as
"non-personally identifiable information") may include the address
(or "URL") of the web site that you came from before visiting our
site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our
site and any search terms you have entered on our site. This technical data
is aggregated and used to measure and improve the effectiveness of the Alive
Alone web site.
Links
The Alive Alone web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware
that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We
encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the
privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to the Alive
Alone web site.
Will
this privacy policy change?
If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, Alive Alone,
Inc. will post those changes here for your review.
| Alive Alone | About Us | Newsletter | Subscribe
to Newsletter |
Special Events | Other Links
If you have comments, questions or problems please write
to us at Kay Bevington
© 2014 Alive Alone, Inc.
All Rights Reserved | Privacy
Statement
Developed by Sam Brewster