http://www.stoptb.org/privacy.asp
Stop TB Partnership
HOME
ABOUT US
About Us
Contact Information
Employment Opportunities
Leadership
Our Partners
Secretariat
The Board
The Operational Strategy 2016-2020
OUR WORK
Challenge Facility for Civil Society
Communities, Human Rights and Gender
External Affairs & Strategic Initiatives
Global Advocacy
Global Drug Facility (GDF)
Global Plan to End TB
In partnership with the Global Fund
Kochon Prize
National Platforms
TB REACH
Working Groups and Task Forces
NEWS AND EVENTS
Announcements
Calendar of Events
Key Meetings
News From Our Partners
News Stories
Newsletters
World TB Day
RESOURCES
Documents and Publications
Interactive Maps
Interactive Country Dashboards
People with TB Missing from Care
Photos
High Burden Countries
Videos
Webinars
GET INVOLVED
Donate to the Stop TB Partnership
Get Involved
Join the Partnership
Social Media
Join our Mailing List
Home
Privacy Policy
Stop TB Partnership is a UNOPS hosted entity.
The use of this website constitutes agreement with the following terms and conditions:
(a) UNOPS maintains this website (the “Site”) as a courtesy to those who may choose to access the Site (“Users”). The information presented herein is for informative purposes only. UNOPS grants permission to Users to visit the Site and to download and copy the information, documents and materials (collectively, “Materials”) from the Site for the User’s personal, non-commercial use, without any right to resell or redistribute them or to compile or create derivative works therefrom, subject to the terms and conditions outlined below, and also subject to more specific restrictions that may apply to specific Material within this Site.
(b) UNOPS administers this Site. All Material on this Site from UNOPS appears subject to the present Terms and Conditions.
(c) Unless expressly stated otherwise, the findings, interpretations and conclusions expressed in the Materials on this Site are those of the various UNOPS staff members, consultants and advisers to UNOPS who prepared the work, and do not necessarily represent the views of UNOPS.
Disclaimers
Materials provided on this Site are provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. UNOPS specifically does not make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any such Materials. UNOPS periodically adds, changes, improves or updates the Materials on this Site without notice. Under no circumstances shall UNOPS be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered that is claimed to have resulted from the use of this Site, including, without limitation, any fault, error, omission, interruption or delay with respect thereto. The use of this Site is at the User’s sole risk. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall UNOPS or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if the UNOPS has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The User specifically acknowledges and agrees that UNOPS is not liable for any conduct of any User.
This site may contain advice, opinions and statements of various information providers. UNOPS does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information provided by any information provider, any User of this Site or any other person or entity. Reliance upon any such advice, opinion, statement, or other information shall also be at the User’s own risk. Neither UNOPS nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers, shall be liable to any User or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, alteration of or use of any content herein, or for its timeliness or completeness, nor shall they be liable for any failure of performance, computer virus or communication line failure, regardless of cause, or for any damages resulting therefrom.
As a condition of use of this Site, the User agrees to indemnify UNOPS and its affiliates from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of the User’s use of this Site, including, without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by the User of these Terms and Conditions. If the User is dissatisfied with any Material on this Site or with any of its Terms and Conditions of Use, the User’s sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
This Site may contain links and references to third-party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of UNOPS, and UNOPS is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. UNOPS provides these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link or reference does not imply the endorsement of the linked site by UNOPS. If this Site contains bulletin boards, chat rooms, access to mailing lists or other message or communication facilities (collectively, “Forums”), the User agrees to use the Forums only to send and receive messages and materials that are proper and related to the particular Forum. By way of example and not as a limitation, the User agrees that when using a Forum, he or she shall not do any of the following:
(a) Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
(b) Publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
(c) Upload or attach files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy and publicity) unless the User owns or controls the rights thereto or has received all consents therefore as may be required by law;
(d) Upload or attach files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer;
(e) Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in any file that is uploaded;
(f) Falsify the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
(g) Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services, or conduct or forward surveys, contests or chain letters, or download any file posted by another user of a Forum that the User knows, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
The User acknowledges that all Forums and discussion groups are public and not private communications. Further, the User acknowledges that chats, postings, conferences, e-mails and other communications by other Users are not endorsed by UNOPS, and that such communications shall not be considered to have been reviewed, screened or approved by UNOPS. UNOPS reserves the right to remove, for any reason and without notice, any content of the Forums received from Users, including, without limitation, e-mail and bulletin board postings.
The Site may contain images from alternative sources.
Preservation of immunities
Nothing herein shall constitute or be considered to be a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of UNOPS, which are specifically reserved.
General
UNOPS reserves its exclusive right in its sole discretion to alter, limit or discontinue the Site or any Materials in any respect. UNOPS shall have no obligation to take the needs of any User into consideration in connection therewith.
UNOPS reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice. No waiver by UNOPS of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be binding except as set forth in writing and signed by its duly authorized representative.
Terms of Use for Datasets provided in the International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI) format
Licence
You are encouraged to use the Datasets to benefit yourself and others in creative ways. You may extract, download, and make copies of the information contained in the datasets, and you may share that information with third parties.
Attribution
By using the Datasets, you agree to provide attribution to UNOPS and its content providers in the following format: UNOPS: Dataset name: Data source (if known). When sharing or facilitating access to the Datasets, you agree to include the same attribution requirement in any sub-licenses of the data that you grant, and a requirement that any sub-licensees do the same. You may meet this requirement by providing the uniform resource locator (URL) of these Terms of Use.
No Endorsement or Association
You may not represent or imply that UNOPS is participating in, or has sponsored, approved or endorsed the manner or purpose of your use or reproduction of the Datasets. You may not use the name, emblem, or official seal of UNOPS and/or the United Nations, or any abbreviation of the name of UNOPS and/or the United Nations, without the prior written approval of UNOPS. UNOPS will prosecute, to the fullest extent of the law, any person who does not comply with this paragraph.
No Warranties
UNOPS reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Datasets, and/or any means of accessing or utilizing the Datasets, at our sole discretion with or without prior notice to you. UNOPS may at our sole discretion, under any circumstances, for any or no reason whatsoever and with or without prior notice to you, terminate your access to the Datasets, and/or any means of accessing or utilizing the Datasets.
UNOPS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO THE PROVISION OF THE DATASETS
Exclusion of Liability
UNOPS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY SORT (INCLUDING LOSS OR DAMAGE DUE TO NEGLIGENCE) INCURRED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE DATASETS. UNOPS also shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any data in the Datasets.
These Terms of Use may be amended by UNOPS from time to time at our sole discretion. Upon amendment, UNOPS will place a notice here. Please periodically review the controlling version of these Terms of Use. By continuing to use the Datasets subsequent to UNOPS making available an amended version of these Terms of Use, you acknowledge, agree and consent to such amendment.
PRIVACY POLICY
Stop TB Partnership is a UNOPS hosted entity.
UNOPS employs other companies to perform analytical functions that help UNOPS better understand how Users navigate the UNOPS website. These functions involve the use of first and third-party cookies which are identifiers that enable web browsers to store information about Users visiting the UNOPS website. Other third parties, such as Facebook and Twitter, may use cookies to collect and receive data on Users in order to provide UNOPS with measurement services and target advertisements. Use of this website constitutes consent to the collection and use of information as described in this privacy notice.
Furthermore, UNOPS treats all User information with confidentiality and third parties will not disclose User information to other advertisers unless User permission is given, or the third-party is required to do so by law. UNOPS, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of User information. Users that do not wish to have their information collected may choose to disable new cookies on their web browser as well as disable cookies altogether. Additionally, Users may choose to change their browser settings to disable flash cookies which remain on your browser after deleting cookies. The following links (http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/) may also be accessed to opt-out of the collection and use of User information.
Text
Text
Text
Text
Copyright © 2020 UNOPS |
Home |
Contact Information |
Join the Partnership |
Our Mailing List |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map |
Top of page