http://www.capitalregionspine.com/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Spine Doctor
You are hereHome
Specialties
Spine
The spine is a highly complex and critical component of the human body, protecting the spinal cord while offering strength, structure, and flexibility.
The spine’s ability to provide support and mobility simultaneously makes it more susceptible to injury.
Since spine injuries can affect virtually any body part, there is a wide range of conditions and injuries encompassed by spine pain, thereby causing a wide range of symptoms.
From cervical spondylotic myelopathy and cervical disc herniations to spondylolisthesis and sciatica, spine pain can be the result of a serious condition.
If you are experiencing any of the following symptoms of spine pain, it’s important to seek treatment as soon as possible before your spine injury or condition worsens.
Pain that radiates from the neck to the arm/hand
Pain that radiates from the back to the leg/foot
Pain that increases in the back, leg, or foot with standing or walking and is relieved by sitting
Pain following heavy lifting, especially if you have osteoporosis
Numbness, tingling, or weakness in the arms or legs
Nerve or dexterity problems in the arms and hands
Numbness or tingling in one or both legs
Weakness in a specific area of the leg or arm
If associated with incontinence, go to the emergency room
Our spine doctors at The Bone & Joint Center understand that damage to the spinal cord is not only disruptive, but also potentially devastating to those affected. Spine conditions and injuries should be examined by a spine specialist for prompt and proper diagnosis.
Our spine doctors consider surgical treatment options only after nonsurgical methods have proven to be unsuccessful. If surgery is necessary for you to obtain the best results, our spine doctors will use the safest and latest surgical methods proven to restore function and mobility.
To consult with a spine doctor at The Bone & Joint Center, please request an appointment online or call (518) 489-2666.
Search for an orthopaedic provider
About Capital Region Spine
The specialists at our multi-disciplinary spine center are fellowship-trained, board-certified orthopaedic surgeons, physical medicine and rehabilitation specialists, and nonsurgical spine specialists. We offer the full spectrum of nonsurgical and surgical treatment of spinal disorders, encompassing degenerative and deformity conditions, trauma, tumors, and infections. In addition, minimally invasive surgery to allow same-day surgery and motion-sparing techniques using disc replacements are often possible should surgery be necessary.
Capital Region Spine, located in Albany, New York, with satellite offices in Catskill, Clifton Park, Latham, Malta, Saratoga, and Schenectady, is a regional spine center specializing in back and neck problems. It currently receives some of the most complex cases of back and neck pain from across the state. Capital Region Spine is able to care for any type of back or neck problem, from the simple back or neck strain all the way to the most complex spine surgery.
How we're unique
What makes Capital Region Spine different from other treatment centers is its nonsurgical approach to back and neck problems. Most spine treatment centers are directed by surgeons who favor the use of spine surgery. Capital Region Spine includes fellowship-trained orthopaedic spine surgeons, physical medicine doctors who help patients with nonsurgical treatments, sports medicine specialists, and spine-specialized physical therapists. These specialists have advanced training in the treatment of back and neck pain and are successful in helping people return to activity—without surgery.
Capital Region Spine takes a multidisciplinary, team approach to spine care, involving both surgical and nonsurgical spine physicians. This team of professionals works together to develop the best treatment for each patient. We provide all the necessary diagnostic testing and treatment in one place—eliminating the need for multiple referrals, delayed care, and overall confusion.
If surgery is needed
Sometimes, surgery is the best treatment option, especially for those suffering from herniated discs, spinal fractures, spinal deformities, spinal tumors, and scoliosis. However, it is estimated that over half of back surgeries performed are unnecessary, and in some cases, even counterproductive. At Capital Region Spine, surgery is used as a treatment option only after nonsurgical treatments have been exhausted. When surgery is necessary, Capital Region Spine surgeons, Dr. Robert Cheney and Dr. James Lawrence, are highly trained and proficient in the latest minimally invasive techniques for spine surgery.
Clinical Outcomes
To consult with a spine surgeon at The Bone & Joint Center, please request an appointment online or call (518) 489-2666.
Spine Symptoms
Spine Conditions
Spine Treatment
Spine Prevention