https://www.ranchhope.org/privacy-policy/
Donate Today!
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Privacy Policy
What personal data we collect, why we collect it and who it may be shared with
Contact formsWhen filling in our contact form, we save your contact information for customer service purposes and possibly for marketing emails. If we do send out marketing emails you will have the option to opt out of these at anytime.
CookiesTo improve your experience on our site, we may use cookies. Cookies are an industry standard and most websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Our website also uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits the website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and web page usage.
If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you may download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
CachingWe also employ caching software which helps speed up our website and improve your browsing experience. This software also leaves a cookie on your computer but no personal information is collected with these cookies.
OrdersIf we in the present or in the future offer items for sale on our website, we may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you. While you visit our site, we’ll track: Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed. hipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order. We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, which you may opt out of. If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for generally 7 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses. We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Surveys From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Comments If we currently or in the future allow users to leave comments, some personal data will be requested. When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect
typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself). Akismet’s privacy policy is found here: https://automattic.com/privacy.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Outside LinksThis website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Security
Security ScanningThis site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Wordfence, iThemes Security and Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to either, however, either scan could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. For more details, please see Wordfence’s privacy policy,
iThemes Privacy Policy and Sucuri’s privacy policy.
Security LogsThe IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is normally retained for 60 days.
Where we send your dataThis site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by the security software referenced above. For privacy policy details, please see Wordfence’s privacy policy,
iThemes Privacy Policy and Sucuri’s privacy policy.
What rights you have over your data
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website: We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
How we protect your data
We run multiple layers of security on our website, including website and server firewalls, daily security scans and website software is checked for updates several times a week.
Wherever we collect information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Ranch Hope, Inc.
Alloway Campus 45 Sawmill Road PO Box 325 Alloway, NJ 08001 856-935-1555
Strang School
On Alloway Campus Strang School Lane Alloway, NJ 08001 856-935-1555 x224
Camp Edge
26 Camp Edge Road Alloway, NJ 08001 856-935-1555 x172
Thrift Store
Cowtown Flea Market 780 Harding Hwy (Rt. 40) Pilesgrove, NJ 08098 856-769-2394
Tuesday 7am-4pm Wednesday 7am-3:30pm Saturday 7am-4:00pm
Stay updated on Ranch Hope news & events
First Name Last Name Your Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toENewsletter List Yes, I would like to receive emails from Ranch Hope. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Ranch Hope Inc, 45 Sawmill Road, Alloway, NJ, 08001, http://www.ranchhope.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
w
Contact Us
Our Motivating Scripture: “Those of us who are strong and able in the faith need to step in and lend a hand to those who falter and not just do what is most convenient for us.”
Romans 15:1