https://www.cew.org/refund-policy/
Skip to content
Refund Policy
Event Cancellation/Refund Policy
If you cancel your registration to an event you will be refunded 50% of the registration fee only if you notify Cosmetic Executive Women (CEW) in writing at least three weeks prior to the event date listed on the CEW event website page. All written cancellations must be sent to Ben Klein at bklein@cew.org. If you cancel after this time period no refunds will be issued. However, if you are unable to attend an event CEW encourages you to send a substitute.
To send a substitute in your place, you may send the name of the substitute up until the day of the event to Carly Severini at cseverini@cew.org.
You may transfer your event ticket to another CEW member with the same CEW membership status.
CEW reserves the right to reschedule an event in its sole discretion. If an event is rescheduled, your registration will be valid for the rescheduled event and no refunds will be given. If you are unable to attend on the rescheduled date CEW encourages you to send a substitute.
A written copy of this Event Cancellation/Refund Policy is available on request.
Gift Bag Policy
To receive an event gift bag, you must purchase a ticket, attend the event, and pick up the gift bag onsite. CEW is unable to send or provide gift bags at a later date if you are unable to attend the event. There are no exceptions to this policy.
Please note that gift bags and materials distributed at all CEW events are not for resale or use in raffles.
A written copy of this Gift Bag Policy is available on request.
Beauty Awards Cancellation/Refund Policy
If you cancel your entry to the Beauty Awards you will be refunded the entry fee (may be subject to a $25 processing fee per entry) only if you notify Cosmetic Executive Women (CEW) in writing no later than the cancellation date specified under “Key Deadlines” in the Beauty Awards Section of CEW’s website. All written cancellations must be sent to beautyawards@cew.org
After the refund deadline date, no refunds will be given unless your entry to the Beauty Awards is disqualified by CEW due to a launch date or similar ineligibility. In such event only, you will be refunded the entry fee (may be subject to a $25 processing fee per entry) after the refund deadline date. In addition, failure to enter your product entry information by the deadline date will result in disqualification from the Beauty Awards with no refund.
CEW will contact you at the e-mail address or phone number you provided to CEW in your entry form no later than January 10th to let you know if your entry has been disqualified. Please note that you will not receive a refund if your demonstrator does not show up on Product Demonstration Day.
For additional information on CEW’s disqualification procedures please contact beautyawards@cew.org
Aside from this limited situation, no refunds will be provided after the refund deadline date. After the refund deadline date, you may request to withdraw your entry from the Beauty Awards by sending written notice to beautyawards@cew.org. Also, no refunds will be given should CEW determine at any time in its sole discretion that an entry, for whatever reason, must change (for example, the product entry must be re-categorized or the product entry description must be edited) and you reject such changes and decide to withdraw from the Beauty Awards.
A written copy of the Beauty Awards Cancellation/Refund Policy is available on request.
Cosmetic Executive Women, Inc. (CEW) is a nonprofit, professional organization with more than 10,500+ members globally, both men and women, from over 3,500 companies in the beauty and retail industries.
FAQ
Recent Press
Join CEW
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
CEW Team
About CEW
Events
Awards & Honors
Beauty News
Membership
Sponsorship
159 W 25th Street, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10001
Tel: (646)-929-8000
Fax: (212)-685-3334
info@cew.org
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Member Survey
×
Download the CEW Event App
×
Become a Member
Join CEW
×
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Be sure to read more about our Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes