https://www.aida.org.au/terms-of-use/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarCOVID-19
About
Board of Directors
Student Representative Committee
Annual general meetings
Contact
Our work
Policy
Specialist Trainees in the Medical Workforce – Project Report
Research
Cultural safety
Coalition of Peaks
Member area
Membership
Member benefits
Opportunities
Study medicine
Medical pathways
Student support
After graduation
Events
AIDA2020 renamed and rescheduled!
Member networking events
AIDA Awards
Media
Media releases
Members in the media
Publications
CEO Updates
Member stories
Donate
Home  >  Terms of UseThe terms of use of the Website and the ordering, payment and delivery of Products are set out in these Terms of Use and the AIDA Privacy Notice (also available on the Website).  It is intended that these Terms of Use are legally binding on AIDA and You.  By accessing or using the Website, You indicate Your acceptance of these Terms of Use.
AIDA may change these Terms of Use and the AIDA Privacy Notice at any time by updating these documents on our Website.  You accept the Terms of Use and the AIDA Privacy Notice as they apply from time to time.
1. Definitions
In these Terms of Use, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) “AIDA” means the Australian Indigenous Doctors’ Association;
(b) “Business Day” means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Canberra;
(c) “Goods” means goods and publications;
(d) “GST” has the meaning given to it in A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth) and its regulations as amended and in force from time to time;
(e) “Orders” means an order for Products made under clause 10.1(a) or 10.1(b) and “Ordered” shall be interpreted accordingly;
(f) “Products” means the items which may be ordered online through the Website pursuant to clause 10.1(a);
(g) “Terms of Use” means these AIDA Website Terms of Use;
(h) “Website” means aida.org.au and all parts and pages of it;
(i) “You” or “User” means the person or entity that accesses and/or uses our Services and “Your” and “Users” shall be interpreted accordingly.
2. Laws and Regulations
Access to and use of this Website are subject to all applicable international, Commonwealth, state, territory and local laws and regulations. Users agree not to use the Website in any way that violates such laws or regulations.
3. Tampering
Users agree not to change, move, add to, delete or otherwise tamper with the information contained in the Website.
4. Copyright and Trademarks
All intellectual property rights in the information and material on this Website (including text, graphics, information, architecture and coding) is owned by or licensed to AIDA.
You may access and download the information and material on the Website.  However, You may not modify, publish, transmit, distribute, sell, transfer, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the Website content in whole or in part without the prior written permission of AIDA (subject to a use for the purposes of private study, research, criticism or review as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth)).  AIDA can be contacted using the Contact details on the Website.  Permission may be provided subject to conditions, such as attribution and use requirements.
The Website may contain trademarks owned by AIDA and third parties. You may not display or use in any manner any trademarks featured on the Website without the prior written permission of the trademark owner.
5. Links to other Websites
The linked sites included in this Website are not under the control of AIDA and AIDA is not responsible for the content of any linked site, or changes or updates to such sites.  AIDA is providing these links to use as a convenience. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by AIDA of the site or a relationship with the organisations to which links are provided.
6. Access to Password Protected/Secure Areas
Users are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of the Website.
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Website is restricted to authorised users only. AIDA members are provided with a password to access the members’ area and members’ forum. Guidelines on using the forum are available in the members’ area and all Users must uphold AIDA Values and Code of Conduct (as notified or published by AIDA from time to time) and contribute in a positive and constructive manner. Unauthorised access to the members’ area is prohibited.
AIDA is dedicated to ensuring the privacy of our members and other Users and has implemented security measures and procedures to protect the security of Your information.
7. Security
AIDA takes precautions to ensure all information (including personal information) received from Users remains secure.   However, the internet is an insecure public network which means there are risks that information sent to or from the Website may be intercepted, corrupted or modified by third parties.  In addition, files obtained from or through the Website may contain computer viruses, disabling codes, worms or other devices or defects. You bear the risks and responsibility for any loss or damage caused, directly or indirectly, by these risks.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
AIDA endeavours to provide accurate and up to date information on the Website.  However, the information is subject to continuing research, reasonable differences in opinion, unique aspects of an individual’s circumstances and the possibility of human error in preparing the information.
AIDA does not make any representation or warranty (express or implied) on the currency, completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or non-infringement of the information on the Website.
Users acknowledge that their use of information on the Website is entirely at their own risk and that the Website may contain errors or omissions.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, AIDA disclaims all liability for any loss, damage, expense and costs incurred by You arising out of accessing, downloading, using or relying on any of the information (including damage to a user’s hardware, software or device, loss of data or any damage arising from breach of security associated with use of the Website or the transmission of information through the internet).
8. Cookies and statistical information
AIDA uses a session cookie for maintaining contact with a User throughout a web browsing session.  A “cookie” is a small file supplied by AIDA and stored by the web browser software on Your computer when you access the Website.
When You browse our Website, our system automatically makes a record of Your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address;
top level domain name (e.g. .com, .net, .gov, .au);
date and time of Your visit;
which pages are accessed;
the time spent on individual pages and the site overall; and
which files are downloaded.
10. Purchasing
10.1 Orders
(a) AIDA accepts payments through the Website for the following:
(i) Membership fees;
(ii) Registration fees for conferences and events;
(iii) Donations; and
(iv) Goods
(b) Orders and payments for Products may also be made directly to AIDA by contacting us by phone.
(c) Whilst AIDA does its very best to ensure that the prices shown on the Website in respect of Products at all times are accurate, AIDA reserves the right to confirm following the processing of Your Order whether the price shown on the Website is the correct price, and if it is not the correct price AIDA will contact You and ascertain whether or not You wish to continue to proceed with Your Order at the correct price for the Product or should You not wish to proceed, whether You wish to be refunded any amount paid in respect of the Product.
(d) Should payment in respect of Your Order be received by AIDA and cleared in AIDA’s bank account, AIDA will then forward You a tax invoice in respect of Your Order.
(e) Any dispute regarding the amounts set out on the tax invoice must be notified to AIDA within two business days of receipt of the tax invoice, otherwise You will be taken to have agreed that the amounts set out on the tax invoice are correct.
(f) You are unable to withdraw Your Order once payment in respect of that Order has been made.
10.2 Payment types
(a) The following payment options in respect of Products are available:
(i) Credit card payments may be made through AIDA’s the Website or by phone. The following credit cards are accepted:
Mastercard; and
Visa.
(ii) Direct Deposit to AIDA’s nominated bank account; and
(iii) Cheque.
10.3  Prices
(a) Prices for Products displayed on the Website are inclusive of any GST payable and the amount of GST will be itemised in the tax invoice issued to You following Your Order.
(b) Any charges relating to the postage and handling associated with the delivery of Goods to You will be set out on the Website or otherwise notified to You prior to payment in respect of the Goods being made and will be itemised in the tax invoice issued to You following Your Order.
10.4 Product Information
(a) You must carefully read or consider any information made available to You in relation to any Products You Order, and it is Your obligation to make Your own further enquiries in relation to the Products should You consider that to be required.
(b) Where applicable, any description or photograph of any Goods does not in any way offer any opinion as to the suitability of the Goods for Your needs nor does it replace an assessment of such suitability in Your personal circumstances.  Please use any description or photograph as a guide only.
10.5 Order Processing, Delivery, Risk and Title
(a) Where Goods are purchased by You, AIDA will generally dispatch Your Order within two Business Days from the date of Your Order or receipt of payment, whichever is the later.
(b) If Goods You purchase are to be delivered by AIDA to a place nominated by You, the risk in such Goods will pass to You:
(i) when they are delivered; or
(ii) if AIDA is unable to deliver the Goods to the place nominated by You for any reason, (for example if no one is present to accept delivery), when AIDA or AIDA’s carrier first attempt to deliver the Goods.
10.6 Returns Policy
(a) Please contact AIDA should You be unsatisfied with the Goods Ordered.
(b) Faults
(i) If Goods are faulty, we will exchange or provide You with a refund of the price paid for those Goods including any postage or handing charges paid, provided the item is returned to AIDA within 14 days of the date of the Product is received by You.
(ii) A return due to a fault is subject to an inspection by AIDA.
(iii) AIDA will pay the costs associated with returning the faulty Goods.
(c) Incorrect Orders
(i) If You have incorrectly Ordered Goods, AIDA will exchange the Goods for similar Goods up to the same value of the Goods Ordered on request.
(ii) The costs associated with returning Goods incorrectly Ordered will be payable by You.
(iii) AIDA is under no obligation to refund any amount paid by You in the event You have incorrectly selected Goods or changed Your mind.
Primary SidebarSearch website
sidebar-alt
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
youTube
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Donate
Contact
Copyright © 2020 · Australian Indigenous Doctors’ Association Ltd
Freecall: 1800 190 498
Email: aida@aida.org.au