https://www.apdaparkinson.org/donor-policy/
Skip to content
APDA
APDA Donor Policy
APDA DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
As a donor submitting personally identifying information (“Personal Information”) to the American Parkinson Disease Association (“APDA,” “we” or “us” or “our”) or any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Donor Privacy Policy (the “Donor Policy”) and to our processing and use of Personal Information for the purposes stated below. We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation or event registration. This applies to donations made both online and offline.
We may update this Donor Policy from time to time, so please check this Donor Policy periodically for changes. The last time this Donor Policy was updated is indicated by the Effective Date listed below.  If you have any questions about this Donor Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at apda@apdaparkinson.org.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address and/or mailing address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us via one of the email addresses identified on our website or when you otherwise contact us in person, by mail, phone or email, with a question.  We collect your name, email address and/or mailing address and other contact information if you register for an event.  We also collect your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, at a special event, over the phone or by mailing in a check.  The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by APDA.  From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ personal information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Occasionally APDA shares its mailing lists that may include your Personal Information, collected on the website or through any other activities, with other non-profits through a rental or exchange agreement. We do not sell our constituent lists.  We only rent or exchange lists with other third parties we believe engage in activities that are consistent with the mission and core beliefs of APDA.
Exchanging our list with other reputable charitable organizations is the most cost-effective way for organizations to find new supporters. As part of APDA’s exchange policy, other organizations will have access to a shared list for a limited time and will not have continued access to APDA’s list unless an individual voluntarily chooses to respond to their initial mailing.
We do not share health-related data in connection with this list exchange. You, as a donor may, at any time, have your name excluded from any donor list exchange activity. To ask that your name be excluded from list exchange activity or to otherwise change how APDA contacts you, please email us at apda@apdaparkinson.org  or call 800-223-2732.
APDA will not intentionally disclose any personal information about you (such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, or e-mail address) to any third party if you elect to opt out.
Except as stated in this Donor Policy, we do not reveal personally identifiable information about you to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) it is necessary to allow APDA and its service providers or agents to provide services on APDA’s behalf, or (2) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of APDA or the merger of APDA into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which APDA is not the survivor, or (3) otherwise as APDA is required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, or (ii) to investigate or prosecute criminal offenses.
Additional Policy Terms
We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us.
We will use the personal information to protect against potential fraud.  We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, event registration or other donation.  If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.
You have the right to review information that we have collected about you.  To review that information please contact us in writing.
Changes to the Donor Policy
We reserve the right to change this Donor Policy from time to time.  When we do, we will note the last update at the bottom of this Donor Policy.
You can learn more by reading our general Privacy Policy
Donor Policy Effective Date
This Donor Policy is effective as of December 17, 2019.
Support Our Mission Strength in optimism. Hope in progress.Every day, we provide the support, education, and research that will help everyone impacted by Parkinson’s disease live life to the fullest. We depend on the generosity of donors like you. Join our cause and donate today.
Donate Today
Ask a Doctor
Share Your Story
Search
DonateChapter
Menu
Support Our MissionTo support your local APDA Donor Policy chapter, please click the button below:DONATE