http://www.kch.nhs.uk/info/terms-and-conditions
HomeWebsite InformationTerms and Conditions
Website Information
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
Cookies
Site map
RSS Feeds
Frequently asked questions
Copyright-attributions
Open Source projects
Website terms and conditions
Use of websiteThe website is maintained for your personal use and viewing. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person, and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site. You also agree that you shall not make any use of the website such that the whole or part of the website is interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient, or the effectiveness or functionally of the website is in any way impaired and that you will not use the website for the transmission or posting of any computer viruses.
Copyright Content on this website is the copyright of King’s College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust unless otherwise stated. Where copyright applies, visitors can download material for private research, study or in-house use only. This is subject to material being reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Visitors must not copy, distribute, or publish any material from this website. Any other use of copyright material requires the formal permission of King’s College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.
Permission to reproduce King’s College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust copyright material does not extend to any material on this site which is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the holders of the copyright concerned.
Information specifically for patients and families has been reviewed for accuracy, but we hold no responsibility for alterations made thereafter without our consent.
Accuracy We have taken every care to ensure that the information contained in this website is accurate, complete and kept up-to-date. However, medical knowledge is constantly changing and we cannot guarantee that all of the information is accurate and consistent with current NHS practice.
Availability We cannot guarantee uninterrupted access to this website, or the sites to which it links. We accept no responsibility for any damages arising from the loss of use of this information.
Virus protectionWe make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system that may occur while using material derived from this website.
Links Links from this site to other websites are provided for information and convenience only. We cannot accept responsibility for the sites linked to, or the information found there. A link does not imply an endorsement of a site; likewise, not linking to a particular site does not imply lack of endorsement.
Privacy Policy This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.kch.nhs.uk . It applies solely to this website. For information on other privacy-related topics, go to:
What we do with patient information. This includes the Trust's Privacy Notice and explains how we use the information we hold about our patients.Data protection and GDPR, for an overview of how we handle all data.
The NHS is committed to the privacy of individuals using this website. All information submitted to us via a form on the website or directly via email is treated in the strictest confidence, and in accordance with Data Protection legislation.
Information on visitors to the website is collected by Google Analytics, which collects information on pages visited, length of visit, URL and search terms of referring sites, your browser’s capabilities, and your IP address. Google will not associate this with any other data held by Google. You can opt out of Google Analytics with their opt-out browser add-on, or with a number of third party privacy extensions for your browser.
We use New Relic to monitor performance of our website which collects performance data on your browser and obfuscated data on your actions on the site.
We do analyse the server log files which contain details of the Internet address (IP address) of computers using the site, pages looked at, the times of day and the type of web browser used. None of this information is linked to individuals.
We also have a page describing how our website uses cookies.
Translate this page
We have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue.