http://www.cadca.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy Policy
The Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America (CADCA) is committed to respecting privacy. This privacy policy governs our collection and use of personal and business information collected from members and visitors to our website, through our email and regular mail correspondence, telephone calls, and faxes, and reflects our policies toward privacy in respect to all other means of gathering and disseminating data. Our policy is to use any and all data collected by any means, whether through the internet, email, our online database and/or any interactive forms or surveys only for such uses that are important to our organization and our cause.
Visitors to the Website and Website Security
The CADCA website collects information about each visitor to our website in the following ways:
IP Addresses
Your IP address does not reveal any personal information about you or your activities. Our web server host logs all IP addresses of all visitors to automate information collection concerning web traffic, usage, length of time visitors stayed, new visitors, entry and exit points, and the like. It is also used as statistical information for reporting and to find ways to improve web usability.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to gather information about traffic and to enhance your visit to our site. A cookie is: "A message given to a Web browser by a Web server. The browser stores the message in a text file. The message is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server." Cookies are used to customize web pages to provide the user with preferences. They can be deactivated in your browser if you wish by configuring your browser's preferences not to accept them. No information gathered by any cookies we have on our site is used to disseminate information about your personal use of the Internet, nor is it ever used for any marketing or advertising purposes.
Online Forms
Online forms are generated by our database to gather information about you and your organization when you register as a member, presenter, an event or training. None of this information is shared with third parties, except that which is intended to be shown on results pages as delineated on the form. If you post information that is available on the web, and wish to have it removed or corrected, please contact us, and we will comply with your request as soon as possible.
Correspondence
None of your contact information or any of your correspondence that you send via regular mail, online through forms, through email, or any other means is ever sold to third parties under any circumstances, and is used only to conduct our daily business in accomplishing our mission under our policies as a nonprofit entity.
CADCA Sharing Practices
None of the information we collect is shared with any third-party except as aggregated statistics for organizational performance reporting purposes, capturing and defining web traffic patterns, and website improvement. Information of this kind is never used to track or monitor individual users. Our purpose is to provide communications and collaboration with and among nonprofits, to improve the information flow to the nonprofit community, and to improve the content and usability of our website, programs, products, and services. If you send us questions about our website content or any of our areas of operation, we may forward your request for information to parties who would be able to assist you, or we may respond to you with that information in kind. You may at any time request us not to do so, and we will comply with that request, except as we are required by legal regulations or a court order to do so. It is unlikely we will contact you for verification, but we reserve the right to do so, should it become necessary. If you contact us by email or phone, we may ask you to verify your personal information so that we may respond to your inquiry with an assurance of your identity. Our online database is protected by security put in place to safeguard data integrity and to prevent unauthorized access and/or use of its systems. These security measures have been designed to provide the user with reasonable protection of private information entrusted to our possession.
Opt In/Opt Out of CADCA Coalitions Online (CO) Enewsletter and Eblasts
Members (individual, special interest groups, coalitions) and affiliates (federal partners, sponsors, exhibitors) automatically receive the weekly CO and various eblasts distributed by CADCA. Once you are part of our contact/distribution lists, you can opt out any time you like by contacting CADCA by email (news@cadca.org) or by calling 703-706-0560 x262.
Links to Other Websites
Our website links to many other websites at the international, national, regional, state, and local levels. Although we work hard to make sure we are linking to appropriate sites, and take full responsibility for the content of our site and our own privacy policy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of sites to which we link.
Online Surveys
Occasionally we may ask you to participate in online surveys in the interest of accomplishing our mission. Such surveys are always on a volunteer basis, and it is not necessary for you to fill it out. Should you decide to fill a survey out, the types of information that are collected may include demographics such as zip codes, age group, ethnicity, services received or provided, etc. However, none of this information will be collected on any one individual or that can be used to identify any one individual. Survey information is used in the aggregate to improve our organizational and online services.
Use of Photos, Videos and Recordings
Photographs, video, or audio recordings taken at CADCA events may be used by CADCA in electronic or print promotions or educational materials. If you do not wish your image or voice recording to be used, please give your name to a CADCA staff member at the applicable event, and let him or her know of your request.
Conference Lists
By registering for any of CADCA events, you provide us with permission to list your name, organization and city/state on the event’s website under the “Who’s Attending” tab. Once you are registered, you can opt out any time you like by contacting CADCA by email (events@cadca.org) or by calling 703-706-0560 x253.
Payment Records
CADCA collects and stores credit card numbers when registering for an event, purchasing an item or making a donation, which are stored in our database. Paper forms received with payment details are stored in a secure location and kept on file only for the time period required by the IRS (after that, the forms are shredded for your security). CADCA does comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) which is a set of requirements designed to ensure that ALL companies that process, store or transmit credit card information maintain a secure environment. Only select applicable CADCA staff has access to the financial records in our database and none of this information is shared with third parties.
Contacting Us
If you believe that your personal and/or private information is being used for a purpose other than its intended purpose, or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the practices of our site, contact CADCA by email (membership@cadca.org) or by calling 703-706-0560 x228, and CADCA staff will address it immediately.
Facebook
Twitter
Mail
Print
More
Google
Linkedin
News
National Leadership Forum: Less Than One Month to Save
Register for Forum by December 31 to take advantage of the Early Rates deal.
News
Attend the Last Webinar Wednesday of 2020
CADCA Trainer Kym Laube will discuss Community Capacity- Building the Foundation for Success on December 16 from 1-2:30 pm EST.
News
Substance Misuse Prevention During COVID-19
Check-out the COVID-19 themed training sessions happening during Forum. Early Rate registration deals end December 31.