http://www.rcm.org.uk/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Promoting
Promoting
Promoting midwifery, quality maternity services and professional standards
Professional Practice
Standards and guidance
Midwives and Public Health
Webinars
Maternity Transformation
Fetal surveillance
Safety and Quality Improvement
Continuity of carer
Violence against women and girls
Learning & Careers
How to become a midwife
Return to midwifery courses
How to become a maternity support worker
i-learn and i-folio
Bursaries, scholarships and grants
Leadership
Apprenticeships
Fetal surveillance
Access Evidence Based Midwifery Journal
RCM Accreditation Scheme
RCM Library and information services
Career framework
Global
Global projects
Resources for global midwifery
Momentum: Midwifery Mentorship in Uganda
Global Midwifery Twinning Project
Latest news
The History of Midwifery - how far we've come
Getting it right from the start: implementing Midwifery Continuity of Carer
Latest MIDIRS packs on COVID-19 and the midwife
Denise Linay on developing maternity roles at the RCM
Supporting
Supporting
Supporting our members, individually and collectively
In this section
Getting help
Pay and Agenda for Change
The 2015 Pension Scheme
Equality and Diversity
Post supervision across the UK
Supporting student midwives from day one
Fair pay Overdue in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland pay consultation – the background
Race matters
Job evaluation
Getting help
Workplace support
Financial support
Caring for You
Latest news
We’re here to support you says RCM launching research strategy
RCM global twinning project in line for national education award
Year of the Midwife extended to 2021
New study reveals risk factors for severe COVID-19 in pregnancy remain the same
Media releases
Debt, dole, worry: Student midwives facing triple whammy threat
It’s time to level up, RCM leader tells conference
RCM letter to The Times responding to Times column on COVID rules and pregnancy
RCM response to Times column on COVID rules and pregnancy
RCM calls for pandemic lessons to be learnt
Influencing
Influencing
Influencing on behalf of members and the women and families they care for
In this section
Workplace Reps - residential course documents
Cardiff RCM Branch
Virtual Branch Meeting on NHS Pay with RCM Jon Skewes
Virtual Tolpuddle Festival
RCM Branches IDM celebrations
Midlands and East of England Branches IDM celebrations
North of England Branches IDM celebrations
South of England Branches IDM celebrations
Branch IDM celebrations
Scotland Branches IDM celebrations
Northern Ireland Branches IDM celebrations
London Branches IDM celebrations
RCM Activists
Workplace representatives
RCM Branches
Student Midwifery Societies
Student Midwife Forum
Maternity Support Worker Advocates
Workshops delivered by Learning Reps
Latest news
RCM Library and Heritage Collections: our move and temporary closure
The Winter edition of MIDIRS Midwifery Digest
Welcome to the autumn edition of MIDIRS Midwifery Digest
Leading for Maternity Improvement
Media releases
Debt, dole, worry: Student midwives facing triple whammy threat
It’s time to level up, RCM leader tells conference
RCM response to Times column on COVID rules and pregnancy
RCM calls for pandemic lessons to be learnt
Leading Royal Colleges urge the NHS to learn lessons and avoid redeploying maternity staff ahead of second wave
Join now
Login
Menu
News and Views
News
RCM Opinion
RCM Position Statements
Consultations
Media releases
Events
Publications
Resources
Member Benefits
Medical Malpractice Insurance
Free legal advice
Personal Injury Claims Service
Midwives magazine
i-learn
About us
Who we are
Our strategic objectives
Governance
Alliance Partners
Careers with Team RCM
Donate to the RCM's Benevolent Fund
The RCM is affiliated with the TUC
Contact us
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Keyword
Join now
Promoting
Supporting
Influencing
Show filters
I am looking for
i-learn
Professional Advice
My Membership Benefits
Media Releases
Events
RCM Library
My RCM
How to become a midwife
How to become an MSW
RCM Benevolent Fund
RCM Job Vacancies
Call our helpline: 0300 303 0444
Keyword
Home
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Discover how we handle your data, plus explore the terms of use for this site
RCM Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out details about how The Royal College of Midwives (“RCM”, “We” or “Us”) will use any personal information that it collects about you. We encourage you to read this Policy as it explains the RCM’s practices involving the use of personal information, and sets out information about rights that you may have under applicable laws.
The RCM is the controller of any personal information that We collect about you under applicable data protection laws. If you have any questions about this Policy, or about the RCM’s use of your personal information, please email dataprotection@rcm.org.uk.
If you would like more information about how to get in touch or the support or services We can provide our members, please visit the Contact Us section of the website.
How We collect personal information
If you are a member of the RCM or you apply to become a member
If you are member of the RCM, or if you apply to become a member, We will collect from you and hold information including your name, gender, date of birth, the date you qualified as a midwife, any professional affiliations you have, your home address, telephone number, email address, employer, place of work or study, job title, working hours, job grade, contract type, sphere of practice and professional qualifications.
We will use the personal information that We collect about you to:
assess your eligibility to become a member of the RCM;
verify your identity and qualifications;
administer your membership, including by collecting membership payments from you;
administer the RCM and fulfil its aims, for example, by lobbying on initiatives or running internal elections, assessing and developing services which may be of interest to members;
provide you with services and advice that you request, for example, in relation to tax claims, or branded materials for Branch events you may be organising;
comply with Our legal obligations and protect and defend Our rights and interests;
keep you up to date with news about the RCM’s activities by email and by post, according to your communication preferences.
We may also ask you to provide Us with sensitive or “special category” personal information such as your ethnic origin, details of any disabilities you have, your religion or belief and your sexual orientation. You do not have to provide Us with this information, however if you do choose to do so, We will use it to ensure that services are delivered in an equitable and non-discriminatory way. We may also anonymise sensitive or “special category” personal information in order to gather statistics and assess the demographics of Our membership.
If you register for an account on the RCM website
If you register for an account on the RCM website, We will collect information about you including your surname, RCM number and email address. We will use this information to:
verify that you are eligible to create an account;
allow you to log in to your account, once it has been created, including access to i-learn and i-folio, Evidence Based Midwifery and Midwives Magazine and other articles and EBooks and search databases;
administer access to your account and ensure its security;
keep Our systems secure; and
contact you about your account where required.
If you contact us, including in person, by post, telephone, email or through forms available on the RCM website
You can contact Us in various ways, including through Our agents via Our web chat service, by emailing Us, sending Us mail or by telephone. If you contact Us in any of these ways, We will collect the information that you choose to provide and will use it:
to investigate any query or complaint that you raise with Us;
to provide any advice or assistance that you request from Us;
keep you up to date with news about the RCM’s activities by email and by post, according to your communication preferences.
How We may share your personal information
We will disclose personal information We hold about you to:
your employer, where you consent to Us doing so or where this is necessary for Us to provide a service or advice that you have requested from Us;
our service providers, such as IT hosting companies, support services and call centres including but not limited to RCM Connect;
third parties involved in the publishing of Our magazine;
entities providing fulfilment services on Our behalf, such as sending you membership joining packs;
banks and financial institutions that process payments on Our behalf;
professional advisors such as lawyers, accountants, auditors, and financial advisors;
regulatory authorities including tax authorities;
our Alliance Partners and affinity partners, a list of whom can be found on Our website;
law enforcement agencies, courts and other tribunals; and
if you join any of the RCM’s networks, working forums or electronic groups (including email, social media and messaging apps), your contact information will be used and shared within that group so that relevant information can be shared with you.
Our legal basis for using your personal information
Entering into and performing a contract with you: We process some personal information as this is necessary to perform the Membership Agreement, as appropriate to your level of membership.
For other justifiable reasons, including legal obligations We are under and Our legitimate interests: We process your personal information where necessary for the RCM to comply with legal and regulatory obligations We are under, including as a trade union; in addition, where it is necessary for legitimate interests the RCM has in conducting Our business and affairs. These include the RCM’s interests in:
responding to queries that you raise;
promoting the RCM’s activities and furthering Our organisational objectives;
protecting and enforcing the RCM’s rights, including through legal processes.
Retention of personal information
The period for which We will retain personal information will vary depending on the purposes that it was collected for, as well as the requirements of any applicable law or regulation.
For example, if you are a member of the RCM, We will store your personal information for as long as you are a member and then for 25 years. Aside from this, we may store your personal information for as long as is required for compliance with tax legislation.
Your rights
You may have certain rights in relation to personal information that We hold about you, including the rights to request that it is erased, that its processing is restricted, or that any inaccurate personal information is rectified. You may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information, or in some circumstances to obtain a copy of the personal information in machine readable format. Any such request should be submitted in writing to dataprotection@rcm.org.uk.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Policy will be reviewed from time to time to take account of changes to Our operations or practices and, further, to make sure it remains appropriate to any changes in law, technology and the business environment. Any personal information held will be governed by Our most current Policy.
Privacy and cookies
The Royal College of Midwives (RCM) imposes restrictions on the use of any personal information you provide with the aim of protecting personal data and your privacy. The personal information you provide will be used for the purposes you specify only and will not be passed to third parties.
We upload cookies to your computer when you visit this website in order to improve the service we offer. Cookies may also be uploaded to your computer by third parties such as companies displaying advertisements on this website.
Data protection
If you have a question about data protection or would like to find out more about how the RCM handles, processes and stores your data please email us at dataprotection@rcm.org.uk.
You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. Please submit your request in writing to dataprotection@rcm.org.uk.
Disclaimer
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that the information contained on this website is accurate and up to date, because of the nature of this medium neither The Royal College of Midwives (RCM) nor their publishing partners Redactive Publishing Limited (Redactive) accept responsibility for the accuracy or validity of any of the information contained in or accessed from this website and accepts no liability for errors, loss or damages suffered by use of or reliance on any information published here.
Similarly, neither the RCM nor Redactive endorses any product or information accessed through this website, or intend to create any contractual or other legal relation with RCM members, course participants or any other person using this website.
Users of this website seeking health-related information or advice should in all cases consult a qualified midwife or other appropriately qualified health professional.
Copyright
©2015 The Royal College of Midwives – all rights reserved.
The Royal College of Midwives (RCM) authorises users of this site to copy documents or pages published by the RCM on this website for your own personal and non-commercial use only, provided that your copies retain all copyright or other proprietary notices and any disclaimer contained in such documents or pages.
Trademark
The Royal College of Midwives logo, crest and name are registered trademarks of The Royal College of Midwives and may not be used without permission.
Still have questions?
If you have a query about this site, please email us here.
Helpful links
Contact the RCM
About Us
News
Why join the RCM?
Explore the many benefits that come with RCM membership
Contact us
Have a query? Please drop us a line
About us
Learn more about our history, how we work and what we stand for
Join Team RCM
Browse our current job vacancies
Follow us...
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
The RCM website is published by The Royal College of Midwives. Midwives magazine, Evidence Based Midwifery and Midwives Jobs are published by Redactive Publishing Ltd on behalf of The Royal College of Midwives.
The Royal College of Midwives, a company limited by guarantee, registration number 30157. The Royal College of Midwives Trust, a company limited by guarantee, registration number 1345335. A charity registered in England & Wales under registration number 275261. RCM Trust Trading Company ltd, registration number 5399453.
To provide you the best browsing experience possible, our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies. Learn more about cookies we use. Accept Cookies
Top
Join now