https://www.smgh.ca/about-us/patient-records-privacy/
NEW - Change to Care Partner Policy - for more information click here. Same day appointments for COVID-19 testing can be booked online at the St. Mary's Testing Clinic, located at 50 Bathurst Drive, Unit 1, in Waterloo. For more information click here. For COVID-19 general updates CLICK HERE.
About Us
At St. Mary’s General Hospital we are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of patient health information. Our policies and procedures comply with provincial and federal legislation.
The patient health record is the property of the hospital, however, the information is accessible to you.
COVID-19 Test ResultsThe time to get your test results varies depending on number of test completed each day. Typically, results take 5 to 7 days. Public Health and the St. Mary’s General Hospital Testing Clinic will call you if your result is positive or if you register without a health card.
To check your Covid-19 results:
Click here and use your health card number.
If you registered for testing with a health card and your results are not available after 5-7 days, please call your family doctor for results.
Non-OHIP Patients: Please call 519-749-6436 for your results. This line is monitored Monday to Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
All Patients: To receive an official record of your COVID-19 test results:
Please send an email to releaseofinfo@smgh.ca including the following information:
Full legal name
Date of birth
Date of the COVID test
And the following statement “I am aware of receiving personal health information via email is not secure and I accept the risk. I consent to receiving my records by email.”
Please note that:
SMGH Release of Information is not able expedite test results for any reasons including travel, medical procedures, visitations, requirements at long term or retirement homes.
SMGH can only release result for testing centre at 50 Bathurst Dr. Unit 1, Waterloo or done at SMGH Emergency Department or Inpatient units.
Due to volumes of requests, Release of Information will not accept requests over the phone.
SMGH Release of Information will attempt to send your Record of Results within 1-2 business days, but cannot guarantee a specific time frame.
Once the results are available, Release of Information will email the report to you in an attached password protection pdf file along with a follow-up email with the password.
Availability of RecordsHealth information is retained for the period required by law. If you were an adult (18 years according to the legislation) at the time of treatment, the information is retained ten (10) years past the date of treatment. In the case of a child under the age of 18 years, the information will be retained for a period of twenty-eight (28) years. Radiology films are retained for five years. Films are not stored on site.
Access to RecordsIf you are a patient who would like to access your health information, contact your family doctor or our Patient Records (Release of Information) office. Your written direction/consent with a signature is required outlining the records you wish to obtain.  If you are requesting records for another person, you will have to provide proof that you have the authority to act on behalf of that person.
If requests are for copies to be sent to Lawyers or Insurance Companies, the request should be made by your representative on your behalf with your written consent.
Authorization Release Information Form
Fee ScheduleFee Schedule:
A fee may apply.  Please see fee schedule to see if a fee does apply for your request.
ROI Fee Schedule
Patient RequestsPatient requests for records will be processed within 30 days of the request.
A fee may apply. Records will be forwarded at no charge to another health care provider (including Family Physicians). All other requests will have a charge of $30.00 for the first twenty pages and 25 cents per page for each page over the first twenty pages.
Letter for proof of birth, proof admission and discharge is $10.00.
HST will be added to all fees.
Fees must accompany requests for copies of a patient’s health information. Payment methods accepted are cash or cheque made payable to: St. Mary’s General Hospital
Forms:
Policy and Waiver
COVID-19 Health Records Authorization For Disclosure of Patient Information
Requests From Lawyers$41.00 fee for requests from lawyers must be prepaid prior to release of records. This fee includes $30.00 for the first 20 pages, courier fees & HST. Any additional fees for pages after the first 20 will be billed.
Requests from Insurance Companies$187.80 fee for requests from insurance companies must be prepaid prior to release of records. This fee includes $160.00 for the first ten pages. Any additional fees for pages after the first ten & HST will be billed.
Contact Information & Office HoursHours of Release of Information Office:
By appointment only:  Monday to Friday, from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m.to 4:00 p.m.
Access to Release of Information Office:
You can either mail, fax, email or bring your signed consent to the Main Lobby of the Hospital and drop it off at Switchboard anytime.
The Release of Information Office will contact you by phone when the requested information is ready with pick-up instructions.
Due to high volume of requests, same day service is reserved for physician offices and hospital requests.
How to Contact the Health Records Department – Release of Information Office:
Release of Information Officer is available by appointment only.
Release Office: (519) 749-6436
Fax No: (519) 749-6568
Email: releaseofinfo@smgh.ca
In this section
Who We Are
Our Mission, Values & History
Board of Trustees
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Plan
Operational Goals
Recognition Programs
Also in about us
Our Vision
Quality, Performance & Accountability
Freedom of Information
News & Media
Conferences & Events
Research
donate now