http://www.mosescone.com/patients-visitors/visiting-hours-policies/
Skip to Content
You are here:
Home > Patient & Family Resources > Visiting Hours & Policies
Committed to Safety: We are taking all necessary precautions to keep you safe while we care for you. Review all our visitor policies and precautions. Take our #MaskUp pledge. Get more information on COVID-19.
Patient & Family Resources
Advance Care Planning
Billing & Insurance
Classes, Events and Support Groups
Compliments and Concerns
Dining, Vending & Meal Service
Ethics Consultation
Wi-Fi
Gift Shops & Retail Boutiques
Health Library
Interpreter Services
Medical Records
Outpatient Pharmacies
Parking & Shuttle Services
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Patient Safety
Support Groups
Prepare for Your Hospital Stay
Prescription Drug Disposal
Privacy Practices
Spiritual Care
Tobacco-Free Campuses
Visiting Hours & Policies
Make An Appointment
Contact Us
Share questions, concerns or observations related to your experience with Cone Health.  Contact us online or call the Office of Patient Experience at 336-832-7090.
Cone Health Visiting Hours & Policies
Provide comfort and support to your loved one by visiting during his or her stay at a Cone Health hospital.
Who Can Visit the Hospital?
Friends and family of all ages are welcome to visit patients in most areas of Cone Health. Children must be accompanied by adult other than the patient at all times.
Some departments, including all critical and intensive care units, have restrictions on visitors. Ask a nurse about the policies for the area where your loved one is staying.
Please Stay Home If…
To protect the health of our patients, please do not visit if you have:
A fever and flu-like symptoms
Been exposed to a communicable illness within the last three weeks
During flu season, children under 12 may be restricted from visiting patients.
Visitation Guidelines
Cell Phone Use
Please use cell phones only in the patient's room or waiting room. This supports a healing environment and protects privacy for all our patients.
Family Communication
We request each family choose a single contact person who will call the nursing unit for updates and serve as the communicator to other family and friends. This enables staff to provide greater continuity of care for your family member.
Outside Food
Please check with the nurse before bringing any outside food into the patient's room.
Pet Visitation
We believe that pet visitation can enhance the quality of a patient’s stay by improving health and the rate of healing via the positive physiological effect of human-animal interaction. We want to ensure however that any animals brought into our facilities are done in the safest manner possible.
If you are considering bringing a pet to visit with a patient, please first discuss it with the nursing staff on the patient's unit and also read through our pet visitation checklist.  Personal pet visits are not allowed at Behavioral Health Hospital or at the Alamance Regional Behavioral Medicine Unit.
Plants and Flowers
Living plants, including flowers, are not allowed in ICU or oncology patient care units. This reduces the spread of infection and protects our patients from harm.
Visiting Hours
Visiting hours vary by hospital and department. Ask your loved one’s nurse for more information.  Visiting guidelines may be changed at the discretion of the nurse when it is in the best interest of the patient.
Waiting Areas
Comfortable waiting areas are available throughout Cone Health facilities. Ask a staff member to direct you to the most appropriate waiting area.