http://www.backpainclinic.co.uk/terms.html
The Birmingham Back
Pain Clinic
HOME
STAFF YOUR
SESSION WHAT
WE TREAT THE
CLINIC FEES
APPOINTMENTS
Terms and Conditions
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
These
terms and conditions apply to the entire contents of this website,
which is owned by the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic (the ‘Clinic’), and
to all information, products and services provided by the Clinic. By
using this website or by booking/ordering any of the products or
services provided by the Clinic, you agree to be bound by these terms
and conditions, which shall take effect immediately on your first use
of the website or booking/ordering services or goods provided by
the Clinic. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following
terms and conditions, please do not access or use this website or
book/order any service or goods offered by the Clinic.
Modifications
The Birmingham Back Pain Clinic reserves the right to change these
terms and conditions at any time.
Disclaimer
This
website is intended to convey information about The Birmingham Back
Pain Clinic including the goods and services that it provides, and to
offer a means of ordering/booking these goods and services. To the
extent permitted by law, the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic excludes all
representations and warranties (whether express or implied by law),
including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a
particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and
accuracy.
The Birmingham Back Pain Clinic does not guarantee
the timeliness, completeness or performance of this website or any
content on this website, or in any printed information leaflets
provided by the Clinic. While the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic takes all
reasonable care to ensure that all information provided (on this
website and in any other media) is correct at the time of publication,
no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of the Birmingham Back
Pain Clinic for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content. The
information and advice contained on this website or in any other media
is not directed toward any individual and should not be treated as a
substitute for the advice of your own doctor or any other healthcare
professional. The Clinic is not responsible or liable for any diagnosis
made by a user, based on this general information. Please consult a
qualified healthcare professional to obtain specific advice for a
health condition. Any liability arising from any party acting, or
refraining from acting on any information contained on this website or
any other media is hereby excluded.
Information
provided to an individual through email, telephone or via any other
media cannot be relied upon without that individual first attending a
comprehensive assessment from a healthcare professional, such as that
provided during the First Appointment at the Birmingham Back Pain
Clinic. As such, the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic cannot provide
specific diagnoses, advice or recommendations to any individual without
them first having attended an appointment at the Clinic for the given
health condition. The content of any communication relating to symptoms
or a named health condition prior to an individual attending such an
appointment must be regarded as hypothetical and at best approximate.
Our Liabilities
The
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic, any other party (whether or not involved
in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering this website), and
any director, employee or agent of the Clinic, exclude all liability
and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may
result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any
direct or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income,
profits, goodwill, data, contracts, or loss or damages arising from or
connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort
(including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in
connection with this website in any way or in connection with the use,
inability to use or the results of use of this website, any websites
linked to this website or the material on such websites, including but
not limited to loss or damage due to viruses that may infect your
computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your
access to, use of, or browsing this website or your downloading of any
material from this website or any websites linked to this website.
Intellectual Property
This
website is the intellectual property of the Birmingham Back Pain
Clinic. The content of this website may not be reproduced without
express, written permission from the Clinic Director.
All
copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual
property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the Birmingham
Back Pain Clinic website and all content (including applications)
located on the site shall remain vested in the Clinic or it's licensors
(which includes other users). You may not
copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer,
download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or
otherwise use this website content in any way except for your own
personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or
create a derivative work from any content on this website except for
your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of the content of
this website requires the prior written permission of the Clinic
Director.
Booking of Appointments
Appointments
with the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic may be booked by visiting the
Clinic in person, by telephone (+44 (0) 121 4435500), or by using the
online
calendar through the Clinic website (when operable).
Appointments can only be booked by an adult. If a minor wishes to
consult at the Clinic, then a responsible adult (e.g. parent or
guardian) must book the appointment for them. Unless agreed in
advance, a client may have only one appointment at any one time booked
into the calendar of the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic. The Clinic
reserve the right to cancel an appointment at any time,
without prior notice.
Cancellation of Appointments
Cancellations of appointments with the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic
can be made by all clients by visiting the Clinic in person or by
telephone (+44 (0) 1214435500). Alternatively, if
you booked directly through our online calendar, an appointment
may be cancelled by by
using the 'Need to cancel?' link on the confirmation email that
you will have been sent immediately after booking an appointment.
Liability of Fees
The person for whom an appointment is booked will be liable for the
fee. In the event that this person is ineligible for liability (e.g. a
minor), then the adult that booked the appointment will become liable.
Charges for Non-attendance or Late Cancellation
The
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic operates a 24 hour cancellation policy,
irrespective of the method through which the booking was made. If you
cancel within 24 hours of your scheduled appointment, then you will
become liable for the full (non-discounted) fee and may be invoiced for
this.
Furthermore, you will be liable for the full fee if you do not attend
your appointment, unless exceptional circumstances apply (at the
discretion of the Clinic Director). Failure to attend
appointments that have been re-scheduled will also attract liability
for payment of the full fee. Non-attendance fees will still be liable
if a third party (e.g. health insurance providers or personal injury
solicitors) is paying. Any legal fees expended to recover unpaid fees
will also attract liability.
Payment of Fees
Current fees are displayed here
on this website. Unless agreed in advance, fees are to be paid to the
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic at the time of the appointment (in British
Pounds Stirling). Current available methods of payment, at the time of
appointments, are cheque, cash, debit card linked to a UK bank account,
and most credit cards. At the discretion of the Clinic, outstanding
fees may
be invoiced using third party payment providers (e.g. PayPal or Google
Checkout), although this service will attract an additional 5%
fee. Only fees due from third parties (e.g. Health Insurance Providers
or personal injury solicitors) may be paid through direct bank transfer
(details provided on request), at the discretion of the Clinic Director.
Links Policy (to and from External Websites)
You
may create links to this website provided you have first contacted and
received prior written permission from the Clinic Director of the
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic.
The
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic website may contain links to external
websites. These websites are not under our control and we cannot be
held responsible for their content. The Birmingham Back Pain Clinic
provides these links only for convenience and to offer users further
information, which they may or may not wish to explore or act upon. We
do not usually link to sites that are not free to access. We do not
link to external sites in return for money, services or any other
consideration in kind. The external links on this website are reviewed
and varied on an ongoing basis, according to likely relevance.
The
inclusion of any link to or from an external website does not imply
endorsement by the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic of that external
website, its operators, or any commercial product or service mentioned
or advised on that website. If you decide to access any external
websites linked to this website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Privacy Policy
The
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic is committed to ensuring that your privacy
is protected. Any information that we hold on you will only be used in
accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this
policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this
page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from 01/12/2012.
Use of your Personal Information
The
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic will not share, sell, distribute or lease
your personal information to third parties. Nor will we use your
personal information for marketing or commercial purposes. We also do
not store payment (e.g. bank details, credit or debit card) details.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about
you, including a copy of any clinical notes under the Data Protection
Act 1998. Please note that such a request must be given in writing (paper or email)
and proof of identification must be provided. If a third party (e.g. solicitor)
acting on your behalf requests a copy of your clinical notes, then you will need
to sign a declaration, which must accompany their written request.
If you require a copy of the information about you that we hold, you
can contact us via email (at dataprotection@backpainclinic.co.uk) or write to us at:
The Data Protection Officer
Birmingham Back Pain Clinic
River Brook Medical Centre
3 River Brook Drive
Stirchley
Birmingham
B30 2SH
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is
incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible, using
the above contact details. We will promptly correct any information
found to be incorrect.
During your First Appointment, the following information may be
collected:
- Your name, date of birth, contact
address, telephone number, email address, GP details
- Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you
with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:
- Internal record keeping
- To contact you regarding your appointment(s)
- By prior agreement, to send you receipts, reports, letters or
information
Record Keeping
Patient records shall be kept for at least 7 years following the
last communication with or about the patient. In the case of appointments with minors,
records will be kept for at least 7 years after they reach the age of majority (i.e. 18 years of age).
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put
in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online or that which
we store electronically.
General
The failure or delay of the Birmingham Back Pain Clinic to exercise
or enforce any right in these terms does not waive the right of the
Clinic to enforce that right. These terms shall be
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and
Wales, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
Tel: +44(0)1214435500 || e-mail: info@backpainclinic.co.uk
Address: 3 River Brook Drive, Birmingham, B30 2SH
Copyright © 1998-2018 Birmingham
Back Pain Clinic || Terms &
Conditions