http://www.meningitis.org/terms-and-conditions
Terms and conditions
Copyright
All text and graphics contained on this website is copyright of Meningitis Research Foundation, unless otherwise stated, and shall remain the property of Meningitis Research Foundation.
Information on this site can only be distributed if all the following terms are applied:
Written permission is obtained from Meningitis Research Foundation by e-mailing the Communications Manager
The copyright notice remains intact on every document or piece of information distributed
Meningitis Research Foundation is credited for all information distributed
A link to Meningitis Research Foundation's website source is provided on the distributed information
The information is only used for non-commercial and informational purposes
Disclaimer
Meningitis and septicaemia can kill in hours and require immediate medical attention.
Information contained on this Website is for guidance only; it is not intended to replace advice given by a doctor.
Meningitis Research Foundation cannot be liable for any action you may take, or fail to take, as a result of information contained on this website.
Transparency of sponsorship
Meningitis Research Foundation is a charity that relies on public support to fund its vital work. Where sponsorship has been received, this is gratefully acknowledged on our website.
All Meningitis Research Foundation information is editorially independent and cannot be influenced by sponsors.
Honesty in Advertising and Editorial Policy
No advertising is accepted at present on Meningitis Research Foundation's website.
Links to third-party websites.
This site contains links to third-party websites both within the UK and abroad.
Meningitis Research Foundation is not responsible for the contents of any third-party website accessed through this site. If you decide to access third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.
Online Privacy Statement
The policy of Meningitis Research Founation is to respect the privacy of all web site visitors.
There are three types of information that this site may collect during your visit:
web visit logs
cookies
information voluntarily provided by you.
Web Visit Logs
Meningitis Research Foundation's website routinely collects and stores information from online visitors to help manage the site and improve the service we provide.
This information includes:
the pages visited on the site
the date and time of the visit
the internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site
the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred
the version of browser used
Meningitis Research Foundation's website makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files websites can use to recognise repeat users and help users' ongoing access to and preferences within a website. They do not contain personal information.
Meningitis Research Foundation employs cookie technology to allow users to move more quickly through our site.
If you do not want us to use cookie technology, most browsers, such as Internet Explorer, will allow you the option to accept or reject the cookie feature. However, it is worth noting that by turning off the cookie feature, certain features of our site may become unavailable to you.
Cookies are stored on your computer; therefore we neither store nor share them with external parties.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
On this website we provide a number of ways to get in contact with us to request further information. For instance, we have electronic forms to request information resources about meningitis and septicaemia, or to ask questions about the diseases.
Each request for information discloses the purpose of that information. All appropriate forms on this site contain Meningitis Research Foundation's Data Protection Statement. Through these services you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs.
Meningitis Research Foundation respects your right to privacy. If you do choose to send us personal information, we will ensure that:
any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated
information you provide is not shared with other parties without your consent, except to the extent required by law
all information is kept in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998
Help us to help you by completing our data protection statement so that we can comply with your wishes.