https://www.cancer.org/healthy/stay-away-from-tobacco/guide-quitting-smoking/quitting-smoking-help-for-cravings-and-tough-situations.html
What cancer patients, their families, and caregivers need to know about the coronavirus.
Close Critical Alert Banner
Search
Ver en español
|
Download this topic [PDF]
How to Quit Tobacco
Making a Plan to Quit and Planning Your Quit Day
Quitting Smoking or Smokeless Tobacco
Quitting E-cigarettes
Nicotine Replacement Therapy to Help You Quit Tobacco
Dealing with the Mental Part of Tobacco Addiction
Prescription Medicines to Help You Quit Tobacco
Ways to Quit Tobacco Without Using Medicines
Staying Tobacco-free After You Quit
Help for Cravings and Tough Situations While You're Quitting Tobacco
Stay Healthy
Stay Away from Tobacco
How to Quit Tobacco
Help for Cravings and Tough Situations While You're Quitting Tobacco
What does it take to stay tobacco-free?
Quitting tobacco can be a long and hard process. But staying tobacco-free is the longest and most important part of it. Every day you must decide not to use tobacco today.
Each day that you don’t smoke or use tobacco is a small victory. These all add up to a huge victory over time.
How do I get through the rough spots after I quit?
For the first few days after you quit smoking or using smokeless tobacco, spend as much free time as you can in public places where tobacco products are not allowed. (Libraries, malls, museums, theaters, restaurants without bars or patios, and churches are most often smoke-free.)
Take extra care of yourself. Drink water, eat well, and get enough sleep. This could help you have the energy you might need to handle extra stress.
Don’t drink alcohol, coffee, or any other drinks you link with using tobacco for at least a couple of months. Try something else instead – maybe different types of water, sports drinks, or 100% fruit juices. Try to choose drinks that are low- or no-calorie.
If you miss the feeling of having a cigarette in your hand, hold something else – a pencil, a paper clip, a coin, or a marble, for example.
If you miss the feeling of having something in your mouth, try toothpicks, cinnamon sticks, sugarless gum, sugar-free lollipops, or celery. Some people chew on a straw or stir stick.
Avoid temptation – stay away from activities, people, and places you link with using tobacco.
Create new habits and a tobacco-free environment around you.
Get ready to face future situations or crises that might make you want to smoke or chew again, and think of all the important reasons you’ve decided to quit. To remind yourself of these reasons, put a picture of the people who are the most important to you somewhere you see it every day, or keep one handy on your phone.
Take deep breaths to relax. Picture your lungs filling with fresh, clean air.
Remember your goal and the fact that the urge will lessen over time.
Think about how awesome it is that you’re getting healthier. If you start to weaken, remember your goal. Remember that quitting is a learning process. Be patient with yourself.
Brush your teeth and enjoy that fresh taste.
Exercise in short bursts (try alternately tensing and relaxing muscles, push-ups, lunges, walking up the stairs, or touching your toes).
Call a friend, family member, use a mobile app that connects you with others, or a telephone quitline when you need extra help or support.
Eat 4 to 6 small meals during the day instead of 1 or 2 large ones. This keeps your blood sugar levels steady, your energy balanced, and helps prevent urges to smoke or chew. Avoid sugary or spicy foods that could be triggers.
Above all, reward yourself for doing your best. Give yourself rewards often if that’s what it takes to keep going. Plan to do something fun.
When you get cravings
Cravings are real – it’s not just your imagination. When you feel a strong urge to use tobacco you may also notice that your mood changes, and your heart rate and blood pressure may go up, too. Try these tips to get through these times, and hang in there – the cravings will get better.
Keep substitutes handy that you can suck or chew on, such as carrots, pickles, apples, celery, raisins, or sugar-free gum or hard candy.
Know that anger, frustration, anxiety, irritability, and even depression are normal after quitting and will get better as you learn ways to cope that don’t involve tobacco. See your doctor if these feelings last for more than a month.
Go for a walk. Exercise can improve your mood and relieve stress.
Take a shower or bath.
Learn to relax quickly and deeply. Think about a soothing, pleasing situation, and imagine yourself there. Get away from it all for a moment. Focus on that peaceful place and nothing else.
Light incense or a candle instead of a cigarette.
Tell yourself “no.” Say it out loud. Practice doing this a few times, and listen to yourself. Some other things you can say to yourself might be, “I’m too strong to give in to cravings,” “I don't use tobacco anymore,” or “I will not let my friends and family down.” And most important, “I will not let myself down.”
Never let yourself think that “just one slip won’t hurt,” because it very likely will.
Wear a rubber band around your wrist. Whenever you think about smoking or chewing, snap it against your wrist to remind yourself of all the reasons that made you want to quit in the first place. Then remember that you won’t always need a rubber band to help you stay with your plans to quit.
Other ways to stay active
You might have a lot of pent-up energy while trying to quit and stay tobacco-free. When you’re looking for something to do, think about ways you can be active and productive, or maybe you can try something new! Do some yardwork or housework. Organize or clean out a closet, a room, or even the entire basement. Get involved in a new sport or hobby you like. Some of these “distractions” can help keep you from gaining weight after quitting, too.
Find activities that are free or fairly cheap. You can find programs online or streaming through a TV or mobile app for beginner’s yoga, tai chi, or aerobics – or maybe even borrow a video or book about them from the library. A walk in a park, on a trail, a local mall, or around your neighborhood is a good way to get moving, too. You’ll notice over time that it gets easier to do these things. And watch how much better you can breathe as each day passes.
Staying tobacco-free over holidays
The first few weeks after quitting can be hard for anyone. And staying away from tobacco may be extra tough during a holiday season, when stress and the temptation to overindulge are often worse. Some special efforts can help you celebrate the holidays without giving in to the urge. Many of these ideas can also help throughout the year.
Celebrate being tobacco-free and try these tips to keep your mind off smoking:
Think about being a host. Consider hosting the family dinner to keep yourself busy. Shopping and cooking will certainly take up a lot of your time. If you’d prefer being a guest this year, maybe you can make a special dish to take with you.
Don’t overdo it. You might be inclined to go overboard with the holiday feasting. Be aware of how much you’re eating and drinking; it may be easy to give in to these other temptations. If you do overdo it, forgive yourself. Remember, next year it won’t be as hard.
Try to stay away from alcohol. Stick to sugar-free seltzer, punch without alcohol, club soda, or apple cider. This will curb the urge to light up when drinking and can also help keep off extra pounds.
Avoid spicy and sugary foods. Spicy and sugary foods tend to make people crave cigarettes more.
Nibble on low-calorie foods. Low-calorie foods such as carrot sticks, apples, and other healthy snacks, can help satisfy your need for crunch without adding extra pounds.
Stretch out meals. Eat slowly and pause between bites to make a meal more satisfying. For dessert, grab an orange or tangerine, or crack some nuts – something that will keep your hands busy, too.
Keep busy at parties. Serving snacks and meeting guests will help keep your mind off smoking. If the urge to smoke or chew presents itself, put something in your hand other than a cigarette.
Treat yourself to something special. Celebrate staying quit. Think about buying yourself something special you’ve been wanting.
Learn to cope with frustration. Any added frustration can leave you wanting a cigarette or a dip. Take along your favorite magazine or book, check your email, or text a friend while waiting in lines. When you feel you’re about to lose control, stop and think. Take hold of yourself and start talking with someone in line next to you, or start looking at what you brought with you.
If you have a weak moment and slip during the holidays, don’t panic. Take a deep breath. Remind yourself of your commitment to quit, and all the reasons you quit. Commit to going back to your quit program right away. Destroy any tobacco products you have before you’re tempted again. Try to figure out why you had a setback and learn from it.
More suggestions
Here are more ideas that have helped others kick their tobacco habit for good:
Take one day at a time. When you wake up each morning, make the promise you won’t smoke or chew that day. A day at a time keeps the whole thing more manageable.
Picture and plan for your success. Plan ahead and think of how you’ll deal with stressful situations with other alternatives.
Take a breather. Relaxation exercises can help relieve your urge to smoke or chew. Take a deep breath, hold it for a second, then release it very slowly. Or, stand up and stretch while you take a few deep breaths. Remember, the urge is only temporary. It will pass.
Work out. Physical activity helps relieve tension and the urge to smoke or chew. Exercise will also help burn off any extra pounds.
Make friends with people who don't smoke, chew or use other tobacco products. They can be your partners to help keep you busy. Plan time together and explore new outlets you might enjoy. Remember, you’re learning to be tobacco-free, and you need to find new places and activities to replace your old ones.
Get support you can count on
If you’re thinking about reaching for a cigarette or other tobacco product, reach for help instead. Ask your friends and family to encourage the new healthier you, reach out to a support group, visit Nicotine Anonymous, or call 1-800-QUIT NOW. You can always call your American Cancer Society at  1-800-227-2345. We want you to quit tobacco and we’re here to help you do it!
Written by
References
The American Cancer Society medical and editorial content team
Our team is made up of doctors and oncology certified nurses with deep knowledge of cancer care as well as journalists, editors, and translators with extensive experience in medical writing.
Betts JM, Dowd AN, Forney M, Hetelekides E, Tiffany ST. A meta-analysis of cue reactivity in tobacco cigarette smokers. Nicotine Tob Res. 2020;9:147. [epub ahead of print].
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Quit smoking. Available at https://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/quit_smoking/index.htm. Accessed October 10., 2020.
National Cancer Institute. How to handle withdrawal symptoms and triggers when you decide to quit smoking. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/causes-prevention/risk/tobacco/withdrawal-fact-sheet. Accessed on October 10, 2020..
Rigotti N. Overview of smoking cessation management in adults. UpToDate. 2020.
Smoking Cessation Leadership Center. Behavioral health: Fact sheets and reports. Available at https://smokingcessationleadership.ucsf.edu/behavioral-health/resources/factsheets. Accessed October 10, 2020.
US Preventive Services Task Force. Tobacco smoking cessation in adults, including pregnant women: Behavioral and pharmacotherapy interventions. 2015. Available at https://www.uspreventiveservicestaskforce.org/uspstf/document/RecommendationStatementFinal/tobacco-use-in-adults-and-pregnant-women-counseling-and-interventions. Accessed October 10, 2020.
Additional Resources
References
Betts JM, Dowd AN, Forney M, Hetelekides E, Tiffany ST. A meta-analysis of cue reactivity in tobacco cigarette smokers. Nicotine Tob Res. 2020;9:147. [epub ahead of print].
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Quit smoking. Available at https://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/quit_smoking/index.htm. Accessed October 10., 2020.
National Cancer Institute. How to handle withdrawal symptoms and triggers when you decide to quit smoking. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/causes-prevention/risk/tobacco/withdrawal-fact-sheet. Accessed on October 10, 2020..
Rigotti N. Overview of smoking cessation management in adults. UpToDate. 2020.
Smoking Cessation Leadership Center. Behavioral health: Fact sheets and reports. Available at https://smokingcessationleadership.ucsf.edu/behavioral-health/resources/factsheets. Accessed October 10, 2020.
US Preventive Services Task Force. Tobacco smoking cessation in adults, including pregnant women: Behavioral and pharmacotherapy interventions. 2015. Available at https://www.uspreventiveservicestaskforce.org/uspstf/document/RecommendationStatementFinal/tobacco-use-in-adults-and-pregnant-women-counseling-and-interventions. Accessed October 10, 2020.
Last Revised: October 10, 2020
American Cancer Society medical information is copyrighted material. For reprint requests, please see our Content Usage Policy.
More In Stay Healthy
Stay Away From Tobacco
Be Safe in the Sun
Eat Healthy and Get Active
Protect Against HPV
Cancer Screening Guidelines
Exams and Tests
BackTo Top
Close
*
Close
Image
of
Previous
Next
Close
Close
Select A Hope Lodge
Close
#0858a8
SIGN UP FOR AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY EMAILS
Stay up-to-date with news, valuable information, and ways to get involved with the American Cancer Society. Fill out the form to join our online community and help save lives from cancer.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
The American Cancer Society cares about and protects your privacy. The information you provide to the Society will only be used as described in our privacy policy.
Sign Up for Email
Firstname, thank you
Be sure to check your inbox for updates from your American Cancer Society.
Close