http://www.hoteldieu.com/about-us/privacy-and-access-information/my-health-care-information
Time to move on to a modern browser
This website contains features not supported by your current web browser. To view this website please use a more current version of web browser.
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer 11
Skip to main content
View sitemap
Looking for general COVID-19 information? Get the latest information about COVID-19 and KHSC here.
Click here
Need to book a COVID-19 test? Book here using our online service.
Learn more
COVID Pre-Screening Tool Make your arrival easier and use our screening tool 4 hours before you arrive.
Learn more
Visitor and Family Presence Restrictions An outbreak of COVID-19 in our hospital is a very real worry, so it is crucial that we keep our patients, staff and hospital environment safe.
Kingston Health Sciences Centre provides the most highly specialized care for the entire Southeastern Ontario region.
Learn more
Southeastern Ontario’s largest acute-care academic hospital
At Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) we care for our patients, families and each other through everyday actions, significant moments and exciting breakthroughs.
KHSC is Southeastern Ontario’s largest acute-care academic hospital. Consisting of our Hotel Dieu Hospital site, Kingston General Hospital site and the Cancer Centre of Southeastern Ontario, as well as two research institutes, we care for more than 500,000 patients and families from across our region.
As one of Kingston’s largest employers, we are home to nearly 5,000 staff, more than 2,000 health care learners and 1,000 volunteers who are committed to partnering with patients and families to ensure we continually provide high quality, compassionate care.
Fully affiliated with Queen’s University we are ranked as one of Canada’s top research hospitals.
To learn more about KHSC, visit the About Us section and read our strategy for Transforming care, together.
Looking to obtain some of your health care information?
If you are, please fax your completed and signed consent form to the KHSC Release of Information department using this fax number: 613-542-8071.
When completing your form, please clearly state what specific medical information you wish to have released and to whom you wish to have this information released to.
For more information and to download the request form please, click here.
Auxiliary Gift Shop
Looking to shop online at the Auxiliary Gift Shop?
Click here.
More people accessing online psychotherapy from KHSC
November 25th, 2020 Over 200 people in the Kingston area struggling with anxiety and depression have enrolled in a free, nine- to 12-week online cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) program through Kingston Health Sciences Centre’s (KHSC) Mental Health and... Read Article
Kingston Health Sciences Centre patient leader Kate Griffin
wins national award from Children’s Healthcare Canada
November 23rd, 2020 Children’s Healthcare Canada has named Kingston’s own Kate Griffin as the winner of the 2020 Patient and Family Leadership award in recognition of her dedication to improving the patient and family experience for those accessing... Read Article
Kingston Health Sciences Centre’s Dr. Kirk Leifso recognized with COVID Leadership Award
November 16th, 2020 The Pediatric Chairs of Canada (PCC) have announced that Dr. Kirk Leifso of Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) is a recipient of their inaugural COVID Leadership Award. Dr. Leifso is Kingston’s only pediatric infectious disease expert,... Read Article
Remembering Sister Rosemarie Kugel, a mission champion who always led from the heart
November 11th, 2020 We regret to announce that Sister Rosemarie Kugel, Religious Hospitaller of Saint Joseph (RHSJ) of the Hotel Dieu Hospital, died peacefully on Tuesday, November 10.  She passed away at Providence Motherhouse here in Kingston. Many staff,... Read Article
View all KHSC news articles
Have feedback about your experience or need to find out how to contact someone at the hospital?
Connect now
Whether you're here for a long stay or a short one, you have several parking options to choose from.
Parking at KGH
Parking at HDH
Whether you are travelling by car or bus, you should have no trouble finding us. We also have direct taxi lines in the main lobby.
Tell me more
Are you looking to find or get in touch with a patient or family member here at the hospital? There are different ways you can reach them.
Tell me more
Click on the PDF or Word DOC icon to download/view the document. Click the title for more info.
Become a KGH
Patient Experience Advisor
List of local accommodation
CCSEO_Referral_Form_V9
KHSC-KGH site Molecular Genetics Hereditary Cancer Genetics Requisition (revised 2018.08)
KHSC-KGH site Molecular Genetics Long QT Requisition (revised 2019.10)
Tweets by @KingstonHSC
© Kingston Health Sciences Centre, 2020. All rights reserved. Employee Self Service|
KHSCNow|
Webmail Access|
Board Portal|
Citrix|
Career Hub|
Terms and Conditions|
KnowledgeNow|
E-Pay Stub
Menu
Search
Are You A...
Connect