https://www.gov.mb.ca/legal/privacy.html
Header
Side Menu
Content
Footer
Search
Printer Friendly Français Site Map Contact Government
Keywords
Resident and online services
Search Programs and Services
Forms
Publications
Finding Work
Lost Identification
Moving to or Around Manitoba
Communities around Manitoba
Maps
Online Services
Social Media Directory
Mobile Applications
Business
Search for Business Information
Starting a Business
Business Research
Financing a Business
Registration, Legal and Licencing
Doing Business with Government
Entrepreneurship Manitoba
BizPaL
Government
Premier
Cabinet Ministers
Departments
Agencies, Boards and Commissions
Proactive Disclosure
Legislative Assembly
Manitoba Courts
Manitoba Laws
Visitors
Things to do
Places to Go
Where to Stay
Events
Trip Essentials
Visitor Information Center
Privacy Notification
Manitoba.ca> Legal
Privacy
This policy applies to the handling of personal information that is collected via the Manitoba government website.
Logging of Site VisitorsLike most web servers, the Manitoba government server collects some information about visitors to the site. However, the server only logs the domain name of visitors. Depending on the setup of your internet service provider (ISP), this information may identify who you are; you may wish to contact your ISP for more information in this regard. The log data is analyzed for trends, security and statistics, and then aggregated.
If you have any questions about the information gathered automatically by our website, please contact the webmaster at webmaster@gov.mb.ca.
Collecting Personal Information to Provide Requested ServicesAny personal information that you provide through the Manitoba government's website is collected in compliance with The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA). The personal information that you provide will be used only for the purpose(s) for which it is collected, unless you consent or we are authorized to do so by FIPPA.
If you wish to have a brochure or other publication mailed to you, we will request your name and address.
In some other instances, it may be necessary for us to collect additional personal information in order to provide you with the service that you want. When personal information other than your name and mailing address is collected, you will be notified of
the purpose for which the information is being collected
the legal authority for the collection
the title and business address (including email address) of an official who will answer any questions you may have about the collection of the information
If you have questions concerning the collection of personal information on a Manitoba government web page, please contact the official listed on that page.
If you have any general questions about Manitoba’s Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, please visit the FIPPA website.
Get Started
Disclaimer
Copyright
Manitoba Laws Notification
Permission Request Form
Privacy
Stay Connected
Join us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to our RSS
View our videos on YouTube
View our photos on Flickr
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Copyright
Privacy
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Flickr