https://www.echn.org/privacy-practices/
Privacy Practices | Eastern Connecticut Health Network
If you have respiratory symptoms, call your Primary Care Provider. If you don’t have one, call 860.533.4611 to be evaluated over the phone. For more COVID-19 updates Click Here.
Notice of Privacy Incident Learn more
Increase Font Size Text Size
Add Contrast
Find a Provider
Locations
A Caring Hand
John A. DeQuattro Cancer Center
Manchester Memorial Hospital
Rockville General Hospital
Urgent Care at South Windsor Campus
Woodlake at Tolland
Visiting Nurse and Health Services of CT
All Locations
Services
Behavioral Health
Diabetes
Heart and Vascular Services
Maternity
Rehabilitation
Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine
Oncology (Cancer Care)
View All Service Lines
Calendar
Medical Group
Careers
Find a Provider
Locations
A Caring Hand
John A. DeQuattro Cancer Center
Manchester Memorial Hospital
Rockville General Hospital
Urgent Care at South Windsor Campus
Woodlake at Tolland
Visiting Nurse and Health Services of CT
All Locations
Services
Behavioral Health
Diabetes
Heart and Vascular Services
Maternity
Rehabilitation
Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine
Oncology (Cancer Care)
View All Service Lines
Calendar
Medical Group
Careers
aA Text Size
High Contrast
HomePrivacy Practices
Privacy Practices
Effective Date: March 29, 2014
Purpose of the Notice of Privacy Practices:
This Notice of Privacy Practices (the “Notice”) is meant to inform you of the uses and disclosures of protected health information that we may make. It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information and certain obligations we have regarding the use and disclosure of your protected health information.
Your “protected health information” is information about you created and received by us, including demographic information, that may reasonably identify you and that relates to your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition, or payment for the provision of your health care.
We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your protected health information. We are also required by law to provide you with this Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to your protected health information and to abide by the terms of the Notice that is currently in effect. However, we may change our notice at any time. The new revised Notice will apply to all of your protected health information maintained by us. You will not automatically receive a revised Notice. If you would like to receive a copy of any revised notice you should access our web site at www.echn.org, contact our hospitals, or ask at your next appointment.
How We May Use or Disclose Your Protected Health Information
The Hospital will ask you to sign a consent form that allows the Hospital to use and disclose your protected health information for treatment, payment and health care operations. You will also be asked to acknowledge receipt of this Notice.
The Hospitals are part of the Eastern Connecticut Health Network (“ECHN”). Therefore, if permitted by law, the Hospitals may share information with other affiliates of ECHN, including ECHN Health Services, Inc., ECHN ElderCare Services, Inc. and ECHN Wellness Services, Inc. for treatment, payment and certain health care operations.
The following categories describe some of the different ways that we may use or disclose your protected health information. Even if not specifically listed below, the Hospital may use and disclose your protected health information as permitted or required by law or as authorized by you. We will make reasonable efforts to limit access to your protected health information to those persons or classes of persons, as appropriate, in our workforce who need access to carry out their duties. In addition, if required, we will make reasonable efforts to limit the protected health information to the minimum amount necessary to accomplish the intended purpose of any use or disclosure and to the extent such use or law limits disclosure.
For Treatment: We may use and disclose your protected health information to provide you with medical treatment and related services. Your protected health information may be used by and disclosed to all healthcare professionals involved in your treatment. If we are permitted to do so, we may also disclose your protected health information to individuals or facilities that will be involved with your care after you leave the Hospital and for other treatment reasons. We may also use or disclose your protected health information in an emergency situation.
For Payment: We may use and disclose your protected health information so that we can bill and receive payment for the treatment and related services you receive. For billing and payment purposes, we may disclose your health information to your payment source, including an insurance or managed care company, Medicare, Medicaid, or another third party payor. For example, we may need to give your health plan information about the treatment you received so your health plan will pay us or reimburse us for the treatment, or we may contact your health plan to confirm your coverage or to request prior authorization for a proposed treatment.
For Health Care Operations: We may use and disclose your health information as necessary for operations of the Hospital, such as quality assurance and improvement activities, reviewing the competence and qualifications of health care professionals, medical review, legal services and auditing functions, and general administrative activities of the Hospital.
Medical Staff: The Hospital routinely shares health information with the Hospital’s medical staff to facilitate (i) treatment by the medical staff of patients at the Hospital, (ii) payment to the medical staff for services provided by the medical staff at the Hospital and (iii) when a member of the medical staff assists the Hospital with certain health care operations. Members of the Hospital’s medical staff are required to abide by the terms of this Notice while providing services at the Hospital.
Business Associates: There may be some services provided by our business associates, such as a billing service, transcription company or legal or accounting consultants. We may disclose your protected health information to our business associate so that they can perform the job we have asked them to do. To protect your health information, we require our business associates to enter into a written contract that requires them to appropriately safeguard your information.
Appointment Reminders: We may use and disclose protected health information to contact you as a reminder that you have an appointment at the Hospital.
Treatment Alternatives and Other Health-Related Benefits and Services: We may use and disclose protected health information to tell you about or recommend possible treatment options or alternatives and to tell you about health related benefits, services, or medical education classes that may be of interest to you.
Fundraising Activities: We may use information about you to contact you in an effort to raise money for ECHN or the Hospital and their respective operations. The information we use or release to ECHN Community HealthCare Foundation, Inc., an affiliate of the Hospital that performs fundraising for the Hospital and ECHN, will be limited to your contact information, such as your name, address and telephone number, the dates you received treatment or services at the Hospital, the department in which the service was provided and the treatment outcome. A description of how to opt out of receiving any further fundraising communications will be included with any fundraising materials you receive from the Hospital or ECHN. If you request that your information not be used or disclosed for fundraising purposes, we will make a reasonable effort to ensure that you do not receive future fundraising communications.
Facility Directory: Unless you are admitted to a hospital for psychiatric disabilities or to a substance abuse treatment program at the Hospital, unless you object, we may include limited information about you in our facility directory while you are a patient at the facility, including your name, location in the facility, your general condition (e.g. fair, stable, etc.) and your religious affiliation. The directory information, except for your religious affiliation, may be released to people who ask for you by name. Your information and religious affiliation may also be given to a member of the clergy, even if the clergy member does not ask for you by name.
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment of Your Care: Unless you object, we may disclose your protected health information to a family member, a relative, a close friend or any other person you identify, if the information relates to the person’s involvement in your health care to notify the person of your location or general condition or payment related to your health care. In addition, we may disclose your protected health information to a public or private entity authorized by law to assist in a disaster relief effort. If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure we may disclose such information if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment or if we reasonably infer that you would not object.
Public Health Activities: We may disclose your protected health information to a public health authority that is authorized by law to collect or receive such information, such as for the purpose of preventing or controlling disease, injury, or disability; reporting births, deaths or other vital statistics; reporting child abuse or neglect; notifying individuals of recalls of products they may be using; notifying a person who may have been exposed to a disease or may be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition.
Health Oversight Activities: We may disclose your protected health information to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law, such as audits, investigations, inspections, accreditation, licensure and disciplinary actions.
Judicial and Administrative Proceedings: If you are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose your protected health information in response to your authorization or a court or administrative order. We may also disclose your protected health information in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process if law permits such disclosure.
Law Enforcement: We may disclose your protected health information for certain law enforcement purposes if permitted or required by law. For example, to report gunshot wounds; to report emergencies or suspicious deaths; to comply with a court order, warrant, or similar legal process; or to answer certain requests for information concerning crimes.
Coroners, Medical Examiners, Funeral Directors, and Organ Procurement Organizations: We may release your protected health information to a coroner, medical examiner, funeral director, or, if you are an organ donor, to an organization involved in the donation of organs and tissues.
Research Purposes: Your protected health information may be used or disclosed for research purposes, but only if the use and disclosure of your information has been reviewed and approved by ECHN’s Institutional Review Committee, or if you provide authorization.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety: We may use and disclose your protected health information when necessary to prevent a serious threat to your health or safety or the health or safety of the public or another person. Any disclosure, however, would be to someone able to help prevent the threat.
Military and National Security: If required by law, if you are a member of the armed forces, we may use and disclose your protected health information as required by military command authorities or the Department of Veterans Affairs. If required by law, we may disclosure your protected health information to authorized federal officials for the conduct of lawful intelligence, counter-intelligence, and other national security activities authorized by law. If required by law, we may disclose your protected health information to authorized federal officials so they may provide protection to the President, other authorized persons or foreign heads of state or conduct special investigations.
Workers’ Compensation: We may use or disclose your protected health information as permitted by laws relating to workers’ compensation or related programs.
Special Rules Regarding Disclosure of Psychiatric, Substance Abuse and HIV: For disclosures concerning protected health information relating to care for psychiatric conditions, substance abuse or HIV-related testing and treatment, special restrictions may apply. For example, we generally may not disclose this specially protected information in response to a subpoena, warrant or other legal process unless you sign a special authorization or a court orders the disclosure.
Mental health information. Certain mental health information may be disclosed for treatment, payment and health care operations as permitted or required by law. Otherwise, we will only disclose such information pursuant to an authorization, court order or as otherwise required by law. For example, all communications between you and a psychologist, psychiatrist, social worker and certain therapists and counselors will be privileged and confidential in accordance with Connecticut and Federal law.
Substance abuse treatment information. If you are treated in a specialized substance abuse program, Federal law and regulations protect the confidentiality of alcohol and drug abuse patient records. These records may be disclosed if:
You consent in writing
The disclosure is allowed by a court order
The disclosure is made to medical personnel in a medical emergency or to qualified personnel for research, audit, or program evaluation.
Violation of these Federal laws and regulations by us is a crime. Suspected violations may be reported to appropriate authorities in accordance with Federal regulations. Federal law and regulations do not protect any information about a crime committed by a patient either at the substance abuse program or against any person who works for the program or about any threat to commit such a crime. Federal laws and regulations do not protect any information about suspected child abuse or neglect from being reported under State law to appropriate State or local authorities.
HIV-related information. We may disclose HIV-related information as permitted or required by Connecticut law. For example, your HIV-related information, if any, may be disclosed without your authorization for treatment purposes, certain health oversight activities, pursuant to a court order, or in the event of certain exposures to HIV by personnel of the Hospital, another person, or a known partner.
Minors. We will comply with Connecticut law when using or disclosing protected health information of minors. For example, if you are an unemancipated minor consenting to a health care service related to HIV/AIDS, venereal disease, abortion, outpatient mental health treatment or alcohol/drug dependence, and you have not requested that another person be treated as a personal representative, you may have the authority to consent to the use and disclosure of your health information.
When We May Not Use or Disclose Your Protected Health Information
Except as described in this Notice, or as permitted by Connecticut or Federal law, we will not use or disclose your protected health information without your written authorization.
Your written authorization will specify particular uses or disclosures that you choose to allow. Under certain limited circumstances, the Hospital may condition treatment on the provision of an authorization, such as for research related to treatment. If you do authorize us to use or disclose your protected health information for reasons other than treatment, payment or health care operations, you may revoke your authorization in writing at any time by contacting the Hospitals’ Privacy Officer. If you revoke your authorization, we will no longer use or disclose your protected health information for the purposes covered by the authorization, except where we have already relied on the authorization.
Marketing: A signed authorization is required for the use or disclosure of your protected health information for a purpose that encourages you to purchase or use a product or service except for certain limited circumstances such as when the marketing communication is face-to-face or when marketing includes the distribution of a promotional gift of nominal value provided by the Hospital or ECHN. Any treatment or communication by the Hospital or ECHN for the marketing of a third party’s product or service requires an authorization if the entity will receive remuneration in exchange for making the communication.
Your Health Information Rights
You have the following rights with respect to your protected health information. The following briefly describes how you may exercise these rights.
Right to Request Restrictions of Your Protected Health Information: You have the right to request certain restrictions or limitations on the protected health information we use or disclose about you. You may request a restriction or revise a restriction on the use or disclosure of your protected health information by providing a written request stating the specific restriction requested. You can obtain a Request for Restriction form from the Hospital. Unless the disclosure would be to a health plan for payment or health care operations purposes; the disclosure is not otherwise required by law; and the item or service was paid by you out of pocket, or was paid by a third party (other than the health plan) or on your behalf, we are not required to agree to your requested restriction. If we do agree to accept your requested restriction, we will comply with your request except as needed to provide you with emergency treatment. If restricted protected health information is disclosed to a health care provider for emergency treatment, we will request that such health care provider not further use or disclose the information. In addition, you and the Hospital may terminate the restriction if the other party is notified in writing of the termination. Unless you agree, the termination of the restriction is only effective with respect to protected health information created or received after we have informed you of the termination.
Right to Receive Confidential Communications: You have the right to request a reasonable accommodation regarding how you receive communications of protected health information. You have the right to request an alternative means of communication or an alternative location where you would like to receive communications. You may submit a request in writing to the Hospital requesting confidential communications. You can obtain a Request for Confidential Communications form from the Hospital.
Right to Access, Inspect and Copy Your Protected Health Information: You have the right to access, inspect and obtain a copy of your protected health information that is used to make decisions about your care for as long as the protected health information is maintained by the Hospital. To access, inspect and copy your protected health information that may be used to make decisions about you, you must submit your request in writing to the Hospital’s Health Information Management (“HIM”) Department. If you request a copy of the information, we may charge a fee for the costs of preparing, copying, mailing or other supplies associated with your request. We may deny, in whole or in part, your request to access, inspect and copy your protected health information under certain limited circumstances. If we deny your request, we will provide you with a written explanation of the reason for the denial. You may have the right to have this denial reviewed by an independent health care professional designated by us to act as a reviewing official. This individual will not have participated in the original decision to deny your request. You may also have the right to request a review of our denial of access through a court of law. All requirements, court costs and attorney’s fees associated with a review of denial by a court are your responsibility. You should seek legal advice if you are interested in pursuing your rights through a court.
Right to Amend Your Protected Health Information: You have the right to request an amendment to your protected health information for as long as the information is maintained by or for the Hospital. Your request must be made in writing to the Hospital’s HIM Department and must state the reason for the requested amendment. You can obtain a Request for Amendment form from the Hospital’s HIM Department or the Hospitals’ Privacy Officer. If we deny your request for amendment, we will give you a written denial including the reasons for the denial and the right to submit a written statement disagreeing with the denial. We may rebut your statement of disagreement. If you do not wish to submit a written statement disagreeing with the denial, you may request that your request for amendment and your denial be disclosed with any future disclosure of your relevant information.
Right to Receive An Accounting of Disclosures of Protected Health Information: You have the right to request an accounting of certain disclosures of your protected health information by the Hospital or by others on our behalf. To request an accounting of disclosures, you must submit a request in writing, stating a time period beginning on or after April 14, 2003 that is within six (6) years from the date of your request. The first accounting provided within a twelve-month period will be free. We may charge you a reasonable, cost-based fee for each future request for an accounting within a single twelve-month period. However, you will be given the opportunity to withdraw or modify your request for an accounting of disclosures in order to avoid or reduce the fee.
Right to Obtain A Paper Copy of Notice: You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this Notice, even if you have agreed to receive this Notice electronically. You may request a copy of this Notice at any time by contacting the Hospital’s HIM Department or the Hospitals’ Privacy Officer. In addition, you may obtain a copy of this Notice at our web site, www.ECHN.org.
Right to Complain: You may file a complaint with us or the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us. You may file a complaint with us by notifying our Privacy Officer of your complaint. You will not be penalized for filing a complaint and we will make every reasonable effort to resolve your complaint with you.
Manchester Memorial Hospital or Rockville General Hospital
Privacy Officer
71 Haynes Street
Manchester, CT 06040
860.646.1222 ext. 3652
Find a Provider
Specialties Addiction Psychiatry Allergy & Immunology Anatomic & Clinical Pathology Anesthesiology Cardiology Child & Adolescent Psychiatry Colon & Rectal Surgery Dermatology Diagnostic Radiology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Family Medicine Gastroenterology General Surgery Gynecologic Oncology Gynecology Hematology/Oncology Hospital Medicine Infectious Diseases Internal Medicine Interventional Radiology Maternal & Fetal Medicine Medical Imaging Naturopath Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine Nephrology Nurse Anesthetist Nurse Midwife Nurse Practitioner Obstetrics/Gynecology Occupational Medicine Ophthalmology Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Orthopaedic Surgery Osteopathic Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine Otolaryngology Pain Management Pain Medicine Pediatric Cardiology Pediatric Ophthalmology Pediatrics Physician Assistant Plastic Surgery Podiatric Surgery Psychiatry Pulmonary Disease Radiation Oncology Rheumatology Sleep Medicine Spine Surgery Sports Medicine Thoracic Surgery Urogynecology Urology Vascular Surgery Wound Care and Hyperbaric Medicine
Distance 5 Miles 10 Miles 15 Miles 20 Miles 30 Miles 50 Miles 100 Miles
Use My Current Location
MaleFemale
About ECHN
Awards and Recognition
Community Benefit
Hospital Transparency
Internships and Volunteer Programs
Leadership
Mission, Vision, Values and History
Privacy Protection
Quality and Safety
Contact Us
Media & News
Blog
Better Being
Media Inquiries
Press Releases
Publications
Patients
Bill Pay
Medical Records
Patient Portals
Privacy Practices
Rights and Responsibilities
Academic Affairs
Employee Services
Benefits Center
Continuing Medical Education
ECHN Medical Library
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Benefit Plans
Employee Self-Service
Health Stream
Web Email Access
Emergency Department Current Wait Time
Manchester Memorial Hospital 0 Minutes
Rockville General Hospital 0 Minutes
Urgent Care of South Windsor C Minutes
Join the Conversation
© Eastern Connecticut Health Network - All rights reserved 2020
This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our privacy practices for more information.Accept & Close Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.