http://www.capecodhealth.org/patients-visitors/policies-notices/
Close
Like most websites, we use cookies and other similar technologies for a number of reasons, such as keeping our website reliable and secure, personalizing content, providing social media features and to better understand how our site is used. By using our site, you are agreeing to our use of these tools. Learn More
Skip to Content
Set Your Location to See Relevant Information
Address, City or ZIP Code
Set My Location
Use My Current Location
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
Your Location is set to: Change My Location
You are here:
Home > About Us > Policies & Notices
In this section
About Us
Awards & Recognitions
Board of Trustees
Senior Leadership
Community Involvement
Educational Affiliations
Finances & Utilization Trends
Patient & Family Advisory Council
Press Room
Policies & Notices
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Notice
Tobacco Free
Quality & Safety
Vendor Credentialing Registration
Visiting Nurse Association
100th Anniversary
Policies, Mandatories & Notices
Cape Cod Healthcare is committed to delivering the highest-quality medical care and an excellent patient experience. The forms and policies below enable patients to understand our obligation, as a community safety net, to treat all patients who enter Cape Cod Hospital and Falmouth Hospital, the financial assistance we can facilitate and patients’ rights while in our care.
Credit and Collection Policy
For patients who are uninsured or underinsured, this policy outlines how we will work with them to assist with applying for available financial assistance programs that may cover their unpaid Hospital bills.
Download our Credit and Collection Policy [pdf]
Financial Assistance Policy
This document contains the details, contact information and some criteria of Cape Cod Hospital and Falmouth Hospital’s Financial Assistance Policy.
Download our Financial Assistance Policy [pdf]
Download our Financial Assistance Policy - Portuguese version [pdf]
Download a Plain Language Summary of the Policy [pdf]
Download a plain language summary of our policy - Portuguese version [pdf]
Healthcare Proxy
What is a Health Care Proxy?
The Health Care Proxy is a simple legal document that allows you to name someone you know and trust to make decisions about your medical care when you are unable to communicate.
Download a Massachusetts Health Care Proxy [pdf]
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and shared with others and how you can get access to it.
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
ICU Nurse-to-Patient Ratio
This document outlines the average daily staffing of nurses-per-patient in ICU units at Cape Cod Hospital and Falmouth Hospital.
Current Quarterly Reports
Previous Quarterly Reports
MassHealth Application
This application is for low- or no-cost health coverage provided by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, including: Mass Health, the Children’s Medical Security Plan (CMSP), the Health Connector, or the Health Safety Net (HSN).
Applications to become a MassHealth member (mass.gov)
Learn more about MassHealth
Nondiscrimination Notice
Discrimination is Against the Law
Cape Cod Healthcare and its affiliates (“CCHC”) comply with applicable state and federal laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, citizenship, alienage, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability.
Nondiscrimination Notice
Patients Rights & Responsibilities
While in our care, you have both rights and responsibilities.
Patients' Rights and Responsibilities
Privacy Policy
Cape Cod Healthcare’s Internet Privacy Policy
At Cape Cod Healthcare, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our Internet site.
Internet Privacy Policy
pay a bill
view wait times
estimate cost of care
request medical records
find a job
register today MyChart
Top