https://www.eaclinic.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Requesta Call Back
Call
Find UsSearch The EA Clinic Website
×
Search
Search
020 3778 0257 enquiries@eaclinic.co.uk
HomeTreatments BodyHairFaceNoseNeckSkinBreastDr. Edwin AnthonyTeamThe ClinicBlogFinanceContact Privacy Policy1. Introduction1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our web site visitors and service users; in this policy we explain how we will handle your personal data.1.2 We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. OR [By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.1.3 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy controls via www.eaclinic.co.uk2. How we use your personal data2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out:(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;(b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and(d) the legal bases of the processing.2.2 We may process data about your u se of our website and services (usage data). The usage data may include your IP address, geographic al location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. T he source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed [for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR [our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and service s.2.3 We may process your account data (account data). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for t his processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.2.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (profile data). The profile data may include your name, address,telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for t he purposes of enabling and monitoring your u se of our website and services. The legal basis for t his processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract.2.5 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (service data). The service data may include name/ email / date of birth/ address /enquiry. The service data may be processed [for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back ups of our databases and communicating with you]. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR t he performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.2.6 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (publication data). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.2.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding products and/or services (enquiry data). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant products and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.2.8 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into wit h us and/or through our website (transaction data). Th e transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking step s, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.2.9 We may process [information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (notification data). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request , to enter into such a contract.2.10 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (correspondence data). The correspondence data may include the communication con tent and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made u sing the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record keeping. The legal basis for this processing is [our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users].2.11 We may process your personal details and enquiry. This data may include Name, date of birth, address and enquiry. This data may be processed for business purposes and data analysis. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely for business purposes and data analysis2.12 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.2.13 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.3. Automated decision making3.1 We will use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision making in relation to your enquiry.3.2 This automated decision making will involve provide meaningful information about the logic involved.3.3 The significance and possible consequences of this automated decision making are email and telephonic responses.4. Providing your personal data to others4.1 We may disclose your personal data] to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.4.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining and maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice and managing legal disputes.4.3 We may disclose personal data category or categories to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary.4.4 Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment services providers, Handepay Merchant Services. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extentnecessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds]. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at http://www.handepay.co.uk/4.5 We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.4.6 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.5. International transfers of your personal data5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).5.2 We and our other group companies have offices and facilities in the UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission OR the use of binding corporate rules, a copy of which you can obtain from ICO.5.3 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in England. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of England Transfers within Europe will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.5.4 The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.5.5 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data b y others.6. Retaining and deleting personal data6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.6.3 We will retain and delete your personal data as follows:(a) personal data category will be retained for period at the end of which period it will be deleted from our systems.6.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention base d on the following criteria:(a) the period of retention of personal data category will be determined based on type of data6.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.7. Amendments7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.7.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.8. Your rights8.1 You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:(a) the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10); and(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).8.2 We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.8.3 You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.8.4 In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you withan opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.OR8. Your rights8.1 In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have bee n included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:(a) the right to access;(b) the right to rectification;(c) the right to erasure;(d) the right to restrict processing;(e) the right to object to processing;(f) the right to data portability;(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h) the right to withdraw consent.8.3 Yo u have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may b e subject to a reasonable fee. You can request access your personal data by emailing g.hallett@eaclinic.co.uk8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: [the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent
based processing; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed]. However, there are certain general exclusions of the right to erasure. Those general exclusions include where processing is necessary: [for exercising the right of freedom of expressionand information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims].8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.8.8 You have t he right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.8.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.8.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is consent, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.8.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.8.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.8.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us , in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 8.9. Third party websites9.1 Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.9.2 We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.10. Personal data of children10.1 Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 1 8.10.2 If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.11. Updating information11.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.12. Acting as a data processor12.1 In respect of name, age, date of birth, enquiry data, we do not act as a data controller; instead, we act as a data processor.12.2 Insofar as we act as a data processor rather than a data controller, this policy shall not apply. Our legal obligations as a data processor are instead set out in the contract between us and the relevant data controller.13. About cookies13.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is the n sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.13.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.13.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.14. Cookies that we use14.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:(a) authentication we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website(b) status we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;(c) shopping cart we use cookies to maintain the state of your shopping cart as you navigate our website;(d) personalisation we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you(e) security we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally(f) advertising we use cookies to help us to display advertisement s that will be relevant to you(g) analysis we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and service s(h) cookie consent we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally15. Cookies used by our service providers15.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.15.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.16. Managing cookies16.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up to date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en(Chrome);(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/(Opera);(d)https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies(Internet Explorer);(e)https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).16.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.16.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.17. Cookie preferences17.1 You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting:www.eaclinic.co.ukand writing to our contact email18. Our details18.1 Th is website is owned and operated by EA CLINIC LIMITED.18.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 07027068 and our registered office is at 28 Rosslyn Hill, Hampstead, London NW3 1NH.18.3 Our principal place of business is at 99 Harley Street, London W1G 6AQ18.4 You can contact us:(a) [by post, using the postal address [given above]];(b) [using our website contact form];(c) [by telephone, on [the contact number published on our website from time to time]]; or(d) [by email, using [the email address published on our website from time to time]].19. Representative within the European Union19.1 Our representative within the European Union with respect to our obligations under data protection law is Sister Gillian Hallett and you can contact our representative by email on g.hallett@eaclinic.o.uk20. Data protection officer20.1 Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Sister Gillian Hallett, g.hallett@eaclinic.co.uk NewsletterSign up to get the latest news and promotions from EA Clinic.
EST. 199999 Harley St Suite EAC, Marylebone, London, W1G 6AQ We are located at the top end of Harley Street near Regent’s Park and Regent’s Park Tube.
Monday - Friday9am - 5pmSaturday9am - 1pm (Special request only)SundayClosedUK020 3778 0257International+44(0)20 3778 0257WhatsApp (9-5pm Mon-Fri)+44(0)748 763 7914
Privacy Disclaimer Cookies Policy GDPR Sitemap © 2020 EA Clinic Limited. Company Registration Number: 07027068
This site uses cookies: Find out more.I AcceptRequest a Call BackFirst Name*Last Name*Phone*Email* Treatment Area Interested in?*Please select a treatment you are interested in...360 Vaser Liposuction4D Vaser LiposuctionAbdominoplasty (Tummy Tuck)Acne ClearAnti-wrinkle InjectionsBody Lifts (Arm & Buttock)Breast EnlargementBreast RevisionBreast Scar LaseringBreast Uplift and ReductionButtock LiftCelluTite for CellulitisCollagen StimulatorsDermal FillersDermal Fillers for NeckEar SurgeryEmbraceRFEmbraceRFFace SurgeryFUE Hair TransplantGynaecomastia for MenHaemorrhoids (Coming Soon)HiFU (Highly focused Ultrasound)IPL for faceIV Vitamin Infusion ShotsKeloids & ScarsKeloids & ScarsLaser Hair RemovalLaser ResurfacingMedical TherapiesMesotherapy (Vitamin Microinjections)Mesotherapy for your FaceMicro-fat GraftingMinor Surgery- Lumps and bumpsMLDMorpheus8Neck SurgeryNeck ThreadliftsNeck-HiFU (Highly focused Ultrasound)Nipple /Areolar Surgery)Nose Dermal FillerNose SurgeryNose ThreadsPlatelet Rich Plasma TherapyProshock IceRenuvionScalp MicropigmentationSemi-Permanent MakeupSilk PeelsSkin PeelsSkin tighteningThreadliftsVaricose VeinsVaser LipoVaser Liposuction for NeckVaser Liposuction Hi Def & Mid DefVelashape 3Velashape 3MessageConsent* I agree to the privacy policy.