https://www.cda.org/Home/News-and-Events/Newsroom/Article-Details/category/privacyhipaa-1
Remind patients to stay healthy
Patients should keep their dental appointments during stay-at-home orders.
Read more
×
Site Search
Home / News and Events / Newsroom / Article Details
Small health care providers settle potential violations of HIPAA 'right to access' provision
Two small health care providers in Virginia and Colorado have agreed to pay $10,000 and $3,500, respectively, to settle potential violations of the HIPAA Privacy Rule’s “right of access” provision.
September 21, 2020
Privacy/HIPAA
No fee limits for most third-party access to patient information
HIPAA fee limits do not apply to a patient’s request to transmit records to a third party or to a third-party’s request, with patient authorization, to receive patient health information, according to a notice released by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
May 14, 2020
Privacy/HIPAA
Groups targeting organizations in ransomware attacks during COVID-19 pandemic, DHS warns
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security on April 8 issued a cyberthreat alert on the growing use of COVID-19 related online schemes to steal sensitive information from unsuspecting users, including individuals and organizations.
April 23, 2020
Privacy/HIPAA
New HIPAA training resources from CDA developed specifically for dental practices
Any dental practice that is uncertain if is fully compliant with HIPAA and state privacy laws will benefit from four new HIPAA training resources available in the CDA Practice Support section of cda.org. Each resource is intended to train both the privacy officer and the security officer in a dental practice on their shared responsibilities.
March 02, 2020
Privacy/HIPAA
Health care providers exempt from new state privacy law
The California Consumer Privacy Act, which took effect Jan. 1, aims to give California consumers greater control over their personal information by imposing certain obligations on entities covered by the law. Although health care providers such as dental practices are exempt from this new law, it is important to understand that some of the law’s provisions are similar to those required by HIPAA and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act.
February 24, 2020
Privacy/HIPAA
Before recording, protect private patient information
Surveillance cameras in dental offices are becoming more and more common. The driving force behind them is typically security, as cameras can aid in loss control, deter theft and discourage other criminal activity. But cameras are not without their drawbacks. Prior to hitting the record button, practice owners should be aware of the laws and regulations surrounding their use. While laws vary from state to state, there are some basic guidelines.
October 31, 2019
Privacy/HIPAA
Dental practice pays $10K to settle disclosures of patients' PHI on social media
A private dental practice in Dallas, Texas, has agreed to pay $10,000 to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights to settle potential violations of the HIPAA privacy rule. The HHS reported that the OCR completed its investigation of a complaint by a patient who alleged that the practice disclosed on social media the patient’s last name and the details of the patient’s health condition.
October 10, 2019
Privacy/HIPAA
Health entity fined for failure to provide timely patient records
A medical center in St. Petersburg, Florida, is the first to face enforcement action by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for failing to promptly provide a patient with medical records. The HHS Office for Civil Rights announced early this year that it would vigorously enforce its Right of Access Initiative that allows patients to receive copies of their medical records promptly and without being overcharged.
October 02, 2019
Privacy/HIPAA
Do collection agency efforts violate HIPAA - it depends
CDA Practice Support recently received a call from a dentist about a disgruntled patient who was accusing the dentist of violating the patient’s HIPAA privacy rights because of a past-due bill.
Specifically, the patient claimed that they received a letter from a collection agency and the fact that the collection agency had their information was a violation of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). CDA confirmed that this is not a violation of HIPAA as long as the dentist took the proper steps to inform patients how the practice uses patient information and to provide to the collection agency only the minimum necessary information for the agency to perform its work.
April 06, 2015
Privacy/HIPAA
Contact CDA
contactcda@cda.org
800.232.7645
Related Resources
Press Releases
CDA Publications
Newsroom Archives
Report Issue
Join our online community