https://www.pregnancysicknesssupport.org.uk/privacy/
Information line:
024 7638 2020
Contact us
Forum
Donate
Volunteer Log-in
Healthcare Professionals
Search our website
Home page
What is Hyperemesis Gravidarum?
Get Help
Get Involved
About us
News
Forum
Donate
Volunteer Log-in
Healthcare Professionals
Search
Our Vimeo channel
Our Soundcloud page
Our Instagram feed
Our Twitter page
Our Facebook page
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. This policy is effective from 1 December 2017.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
Who we are
Personal information submitted through this website is collected by Pregnancy Sickness Support. Our contact details can be found here.
Pregnancy Sickness Support is the Data Controller who determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
The Data Protection Officer is Caitlin Dean who can be contacted by email info@pregnancysicknesssupport.org.uk.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
your name
your contact details such as email address, phone number, street address
specific enquiry details
your computer's IP address.
For Volunteers, the following information is stored:
Name
Street address
Email address
Phone number
Mobile number
Emergency contact details
Volunteer reason and relevant skills
Two referee contact details
For Sufferers, a number of details may be stored including:
Name
Contact details
Pregnancy details
Medical details relating to pregnancy
Background and situation details
To find out whether we store any data about you, request a correction, a copy or erasure please contact us.
Why we collect this information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
to be able to respond to your contact
to provide services tailored to your needs
How long we keep this information
We retain this information until we have responded to your contact, and for internal record keeping for a period of no longer than 3 years.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
if you have previously supplied personal data
if you have previously agreed to us processing your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
If you have a complaint you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) which is the data privacy supervisory authority in the UK.
Under the GDPR (the EU General Data Protection Regulation), you have a number of specific rights with regards to your personal information:
Right of access – if you want to know if we are storing or processing any personal data about you, you can contact us to find out. If this is the case, you may find out what purpose it is being stored for and request a copy of your data by contacting us. Your data will be supplied as soon as is practical in a CSV (comma separated value) file format which can be opened as a simple text file or as a spreadsheet. There is no charge for making a request or for the electronic data file, but if the number and frequency of requests is unreasonable we may charge an admin fee.
Right to correction - if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Right to erasure – if you want to remove your personal data from our records, you can request this by contacting us. We will remove the data as far as it is practically within our power, and where we are not legally obliged to retain it.
Right to object – if you no longer want us to process your data you can request this by contacting us.
Right to complain - if you are unhappy with how we are managing your personal data, you can lodge a complaint with the UK supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies help us see understand visitors to our website by tracking how you use our website, in a way that doesn't ever identify you personally. Cookies also allow web applications to respond to you as an individual, by allowing you to log in or add items to a shopping cart. The website can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Read how to control and delete cookies.
We also use Google Analytics to analyse data about website visitors. Read the Google Analytics privacy policy.
We also use MailChimp to send email newsletters. Read MailChimp's privacy policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Web chat
We use live chat software on our website, this is provided by Click4Assistance, a 3rd party UK based software company. Information regarding how the data is processed and stored can be viewed here. Our Senior Support and Development Coordinator is focused on delivering support and responses to live chats.
#ReadMyStory
"The helpline is a very compassionate service."
85%
85% of pregnant women have two episodes of nausea per day.
30%
30% of pregnant women in paid employment need time off work due to NVP.
70-80%
Nausea & vomiting in pregnancy (NVP) is very common, on average it affects 70-80% of pregnant women to a greater or lesser extent.
You are not alone
If you think you are suffering from HG please call us for support on: 024 7638 2020
Latest news
Funding Opportunity for Hyperemesis Gravidarum Research
The Bikja trust is now open for applications for funding for Hyperemesis Gravidarum research.
In...
Upcoming events
Latest tweet
We have a new Friday theme!! Each week we'll be bringing you TGIFF, picking a key question from our forum to share… https://t.co/EpBgh0jSsP
06:06 4th December
Get involved
Take part in research
Have you experienced a pregnancy affected by Hyperemesis Gravidarum (HG)? Do you want to tell your story for research?
#ReadMyStory
"You've been there for me and I've not felt alone."
Sign up for our Newsletter
Enter your email
Join the conversation
Our Facebook page
Our Twitter page
Our Instagram feed
Our Soundcloud page
© 2020 Pregnancy Sickness Support, all rights reserved.  |
Site map  |
Terms & conditions  |
Privacy policy  |
Registered Charity Number 1094788
Close login
Volunteer log-in
Enter your email
Enter your password
Become a volunteer
Forgot password?
Popup cover