http://www.coxtechnic.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Home
Doctors
Training
Find a Physician
Seminars, Workshops, Webinars
Case Reports
The SYSTEM
How it Helps
Resources
The Cox® Table
Product Store
Cox Technic Complete
FAQs
Patients
How It Helps
Find a Physician
Conditions
Treatment
FAQs
About Us
Developer
Instructors
Staff
News
Events
FAQs
Product Store
NEWSLETTER Sign Up
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyCox Technic Web Site Privacy Statement as of May 2018
The privacy, confidence, and trust of individuals who visit Cox Technic web site are important to us. No personal information is collected at this site unless it is provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an activity that asks for the information. The following paragraphs disclose the information gathering and usage practices for the web site.
Collection of Information
Cox Technic only collects the personal information that is necessary to provide the information or services requested by an individual. "Personal information" refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information. This is the same information that an individual might provide when visiting our office and it includes such items as an individual's name, address, or phone number. We also collect statistical information that helps us understand how people are using the web site so we can continually improve our services. The information collected is not associated with any specific individual and no attempt is made to profile individuals who browse the web site.
Use of Information
Cox Technic uses the collected information to respond appropriately to requests. This may be to respond directly to you or to improve the web site. E-mail or other information requests sent to Cox Technic may be retained for future use by Cox Technic.
Cookies
Cookies are short and simple text files that are stored on a user's computer hard drive by web sites. They are used to keep track of and store information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times. The information that is collected through cookies at this site is handled in the same manner as other information collected here. You can configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a web site attempts to send you a cookie. You can also check your hard drive for cookie files and delete them from your computer.Analytics Tools Cox Technic uses analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our website. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.
Web Site Security
Cox Technic is committed to the security of the information that is either available from or collected by this web site. Cox Technic has taken multiple steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption.
Links to Other Sites
This web site may have links to other web sites.  Cox Technic is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites and suggests you review their privacy statements.
Under 13 / children
Cox Technic will not knowingly collect information about persons under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. If you are under the age of 13 you must ask a parent or guardian for help.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Cox Technic site is provided on an "AS IS," "as available" basis. Neither Cox Technic nor its affiliates, subsidiaries, or designees nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, "associates") warrant that use of Cox Technic site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither Cox Technic nor its associates warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on Cox Technic site or the products or services offered for sale on Cox Technic site. Further, Cox Technic makes no representation that content provided on Cox Technic site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States. Cox Technic specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by Cox Technic, nor its associates, shall create a warranty. You expressly agree that use of Cox Technic site is at your sole risk.
Under no circumstances shall Cox Technic or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use Cox Technic site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at Cox Technic site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Cox Technic records, programs or services. The foregoing Limitation of Liability shall apply whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, even if an authorized representative of Cox Technic has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through Cox Technic site. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or Limitation of Liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Errors will be corrected where discovered, and Cox Technic reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions.
While Cox Technic takes steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of product and third-party services provided, please refer to the originator of information for details, for example the manufacturer and/or web site for complete details.Changes to our Privacy
Policy
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically as we make
updates from time to time. If we do, we will update the “last modified date” at
the bottom of this page. Cox Technic and related companies are NOT responsible
for the privacy policies of any partner web sites that we link to. Make sure to
view each websites privacy policy to understand how they treat your
information. Our Email List Development Our email list has been populated over the years by request (from the website voluntarily, from email requests for information, from seminar attendances, from written lists requesting information for communication purposes). At any time, a person may unsubscribe via the unsubscribe button on every email we sent.
YOUR RIGHTS
Subject to applicable data protection laws, customers and users
have the following rights with respect to Cox Technic’s handling of personal information:
Access. The right to access personal information held by us.Opt-Out. The right to object to certain processing of personal information
(unless we have overriding compelling grounds to continue processing),
including the right to opt-out of receiving direct marketing. We will, however,
continue to use personal information for the limited purpose of communicating
important notices relating to purchases, changes to our policies, and other
reasons permitted by law.Rectification. The right to request correction of personal information
that is incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated.Right to be Forgotten. The right to request erasure of all personal
information that is incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated within a
reasonable period of time. We will do everything possible to erase personal information
if a user or customer so requests. However, we will not be able to erase all personal
information if it is technically impossible due to limitations of existing
technology or for legal reasons.Restriction of Processing. The right to request restriction of
processing personal information for certain reasons, such as the inaccuracy of it.Data Portability. If requested, we will provide personal information
in a structured, secure, commonly used and machine-readable format.Right to Withdraw Consent. If personal information is processed
solely based on consent, and not based on any other legal basis, customers can
withdraw consent at any time.Data Protection Contact. The right to contact the relevant data
protection regulator regarding Cox Technic’s handling of personal information.To exercise any of the above listed rights, email us at
info@coxtechnic.com, contact customer support at 1-800-441-5571. Cox Technic will process
requests in accordance with applicable law and within a reasonable period of
time.
© 2020 Cox Technic.
F/D Enterprise LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Doctors
|
Patients
|
About Us
|
Disclaimer
|
Copyright
|
Privacy
|
Site Map
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Cox Technic Blog
Website Design