http://www.cysticfibrosis.ca/about-us/standards-and-policies
x
Ways to Give
Monthly
One-time (general)
In Honour
In Memory
Did you know that your version of Internet Explorer is out of date?
To get the best possible experience using our website we recommend downloading one of the browsers below.
Internet Explorer 10, Firefox, Chrome, or Safari.
All COVID-19 updates and resources can be found on the CF Canada website.
Volunteer
Advocate
Donate
Home/
About Us/Standards and Policies
Standards and Policies
IMAGINE CANADA STANDARDS PROGRAM ACCREDITATION
The Imagine Canada Standards Program accredits charities and non-profits that demonstrate excellence in five key areas: board governance, financial accountability and transparency, fundraising, staff management, and volunteer involvement. This accreditation illustrates Cystic Fibrosis Canada’s commitment to the highest standards of accountability, transparency and management.
ACCESSIBILITY POLICY
View our accessibility policy (PDF)
View our Multi Year Accessibility Plan (PDF)
Privacy POLICY
View our privacy policy (PDF)
complaints POLICY
Cystic Fibrosis Canada (CFC) adheres to the highest standards of quality, transparency and accountability. We are committed to providing our stakeholders with a high level of service in the act of carrying out our mission. We value and welcome feedback that contributes to the ongoing improvement of our services and operations.
Many issues can be resolved easily and quickly by speaking with a CFC employee.
CFC employees can be reached at the regional offices list here, by calling us at 1-800-378-2233 or by emailing info@cysticfibrosis.ca.
View our Complaints Policy (PDF)
Upcoming Events
December 17, 2020
Alberta Annual 50/50 Raffle
Holiday Cheer 50/50 - Maximum prize $10,000!
Tickets on sale until December 17th 2020DRAW DATE:December 22nd, 2020
Purchase Tickets HERE. Read More
CF Champions
Ian Pettigrew
Age 45, Hamilton, Ontario
Award-winning photographer and graphic designer Ian Pettigrew knew something wasn’t quite right when he was unable to have children. He was 38 years old when he discovered the real culprit behind his health issues – cystic fibrosis. Read More