http://www.al-anonuk.org.uk/privacy-policy/
About us
About usWho is it for?What does Al-Anon do?How do I get helpPodcastsAlateenHistory
Getting help
Helpline Getting helpWhat to expect at a meetingIs Al-Anon for you?FAQPodcastsCase Studies - The Untold Stories
Members' area
Members' ResourcesService ManualConference SummaryDonationsPublic InformationPI Resources Pack #TheHiddenEffects CampaignAl-Anon Today (e-zine)ShareLiteratureEventsService and Volunteering
Professionals
CounsellorsResources for professionalsTeachersMedicalMedia
Shop
Contact
ContactSend an email
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Al-Anon Family Groups collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Website visitors and the use of Cookies
Use of Search Engines and business listings such as Google Search and Google Maps and Google My Business
Search media such as Google Search and Google Maps
The Al-Anon eResponders’  Service
Members and others who use the enquiries@al-anonuk.org.uk or helpline@al-anonuk.org email addresses
Visitors to our websites
When you visit https://www.al-anonuk.org.uk/ (or any sub domain or micro site) we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor location and behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We will never collect personally identifiable information through analytics of our website. The use of the Google services is covered under the Google Privacy & terms shown here: https://policies.google.com/privacy/update. Google Analytics is Google’s analytics tool that helps website and app owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. To allow you to browse websites  (including ours) more privately, consider using private mode - more details here https://m.wikihow.com/Turn-Off-Private-or-Incognito-Browsing.
Use of cookies
We will place cookies on your device when you visit our website to enable the site to work and to make the experience better for you. Exactly how this works can be seen at this Google Analytics cookie policy page https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
When you contact us via search engines (Google search or Maps)
The only Al-Anon Family Groups search media presence is a Google My Business listing on Google.co.uk and Google Maps which delivers some information about Al-Anon’s General Service Office operating hours, address and contact details. We collect anonymous visitor information about the number of people who use this online listing.
When you use our Online Response Service email service (ORS)
Al-Anon offers an email help service called eResponders’ service. The address is helpline@al-anonuk.org.uk. It is staffed by Al-Anon member volunteers who respond to email queries.
Our email server uses TLS/SSL encryption (Transport layer Security) and the server also accepts STARTTLS encrypted connections. This security encrypts data only between the servers used for sending the email data – they are no protection against computer viruses of any kind. They are also no protection against errors like addressing the email to the wrong person or other people being able to read the email if you send to an incorrect address.
We will monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law. We encourage you to use good virus protection. The UK Government website https://www.cyberaware.gov.uk/ has good information on computer protection data.
If you choose while emailing with the eResponders’ service to give your name and any other personal details, neither they nor any other part of your email will be given or shown to anyone else. We will use anonymous data in the form of the numbers of people who use the service only to monitor and report the number of users internally. This makes sure we are doing the best we can for people who ask for help and helps us to improve service
We will store the emails sent to us at the helpline@al-anonuk.org.uk email address and replies from that address for two months. Only specific members of the eResponders Volunteer Team have access to this data and it is not shared with anyone else. The reason for keeping the contents of your email is for training purposes and to enable us to continue the service and carry the message of Al-Anon. All emails older than two months are deleted.
Access to personal information
Al-Anon Family Groups UK & Eire tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information while keeping in mind the Twelfth Tradition “Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our Traditions, ever reminding us to place principles before personalities”. We only store the data we need to do our service and business.
Links to other websites
It is our policy not to have links to any other websites, with the exception of links to other Al-Anon Family Groups structures, including the World Service Office and all international General Service Offices. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all the other websites you visit to see how they handle your personal data.
This Privacy Notice
We have written this notice in a way we hope is clear and easy to understand. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of Al-Anon Family Groups UK & Eire collection and use of personal information however, we are happy to help and to provide any additional information or explanation needed.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need by letter or email. We are happy to provide copies of the data in a format that is easily accessible and easy for you to use.
Any requests for information or more details should be sent to  57B Great Suffolk Street, London SE1 0BB, United Kingdom.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review.
The Information Commissioner is the regulator for Data in the UK – the main website can be found here: https://ico.org.uk/
You can see a searchable text of the full GDPR regulation here: https://gdpr-info.eu/
Al-Anon Helpline
Talk to a member in confidence
7 days a week
Free phone
0800 0086 811
Dial now