https://www.stepsworldwide.org/conditions/coxa-vara/
[wpseo_breadcrumb]
Coxa Vara
Conditions
ConditionsTalipes / Clubfoot
Talipes / Clubfoot
Positional Talipes / Clubfoot
Talipes / Clubfoot for Adults
Coxa Vara
Fibular Hemimelia
Hip Dysplasia (DDH)
Congenital Vertical Talus
Leg Discrepancy
Metatarsus Adductus
Perthes
PFFD
SUFE – Slipped Upper Femoral Epiphysis
Tibial Hemimelia
Vitamin D Deficiency
What is Coxa Vara?
Coxa Vara is a rare condition of the hip, affecting around 1 in 25,000 children, with either hip: boys and girls being equally affected.
It causes a reduction in the angle, (typically to less than 120°), at which the ball part of the joint (femoral head) and the shaft of the femur meet: this makes the leg appear shorter and can lead to a limp. The condition can be congenital (present at birth) or a developmental problem which becomes apparent as a child grows.
The condition is often not apparent until a child is two or three years old. It is rare for coxa vara to be present at birth and in these cases, it is usually associated with other conditions, such as proximal focal femoral deficiency (PFFD), fibular hemimelia or other congenital problems.
The condition may cause the upper leg (femur) to turn outwards and there may be problems with the knee. Surgery to the hip and, sometimes, lengthening of the femur, are performed to improve movement of the joint, reduce any difference in leg length and reduce rotation in the upper leg.
Why does it happen?
It is not known, in most cases, why coxa vara happens.
Symptoms and Diagnosis
Symptoms of coxa vara may start when the child is walking, between the ages of two and six and, may include:
pain in the leg and/or hip – (the condition can
also be painless)
a one-sided limp or ‘waddling walk’ that gets
progressively worse;
stiffness when trying to move the leg out to the
side – for instance, into a ‘frog-like’ position and/
or;
a slight difference in leg length
Diagnosis is usually made using x-ray and treatment will depend on the severity of the condition.
Treatment
Mild cases may receive no treatment and follow up checks may be arranged to monitor the hip as it grows. When surgery is needed, an osteotomy (shaping of the bone) may be performed to improve the hip joint. Following hip surgery, a child may require some time in a ‘hip spica’ cast. Steps have produced a Parent’s Guide – Hip Surgery and Spica Cast Care, which is available to either download or a printed copy can be requested.
When will treatment start?
The timing of surgery will depend on the age at which the child is diagnosed, the severity of the condition and on the treating centre. Sometimes, when a child is diagnosed very young, surgery is delayed until they are five or six. In other cases, a child may undergo surgery at around 18 months, depending on their individual circumstances.
How will this affect my child?
Mild and successfully treated cases will have little impact on a child into adulthood. Cases requiring treatment which are left undiagnosed/untreated may lead to problems with walking in later life and will increase the risk of osteoarthritis.
Sources of support
Our helpline 01925 750271 is open from 9am until 5pm on weekdays, for any questions you may have about practical support.
Medical enquiries will be passed to our panel of NHS consultants. Email info@steps-charity.org.uk with a specific request or fill in a contact form on our website www.steps-charity.org.uk. The Steps closed Facebook Group is a friendly and safe way of discussing your worries, sharing tips and finding emotional support. Our Family Contact Service identifies someone else who has been through a similar situation and who’s happy to talk about their experiences, on a one-to-one basis, to offer support.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Privacy PolicyACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Steps Charity Website SurveyWe are looking to make improvements to the Steps website and we would be really grateful if you could spare us a few minutes of your time to help us to answer a few questions.Please answer honestly. This survey is anonymous and we appreciate constructive criticism.Click here to take our surveyInvalid email address Click here to take our survey