http://www.stvincents.org/terms-privacy-policy
Alert: More COVID-19 testing locations and expanded hours.
>>
Alert:
Hartford HealthCare ha ampliado su capacidad de pruebas del COVID-19 y ubicaciones. >>
Alert:
Our hospitals now have increased visitor restrictions. >>
Our System
Hartford HealthCare
Backus Hospital
Charlotte Hungerford Hospital
Hartford Hospital
Hospital of Central Connecticut
MidState Medical Center
St. Vincent's Medical Center
Windham Hospital
Behavioral Health Network
Institute of Living
Natchaug Hospital
Rushford
Integrated Care Partners
Hartford HealthCare Medical Group
Hartford HealthCare Innovation
Hartford HealthCare Senior Services
Hartford HealthCare Rehabilitation Network
Hartford HealthCare at Home
Independence at Home
Ayer Neuroscience Institute
Bone & Joint Institute
Cancer Institute
Center for Education, Simulation and Innovation (CESI)
Connecticut Orthopaedic Institute
Heart & Vascular Institute
Tallwood Urology & Kidney Institute
St. Vincent’s Special Needs Services
AboutCareGramsMyChartHealth ProfessionalsJob SeekersVolunteersFor the MediaContactVideo GalleryDonate
Classes & Events
(0 )
Home
Find a Doctor
Physician Search
Browse Physician Directory
Browse Practice Directory
Services
A - Z List of Services
Anesthesiology
Behavioral & Mental Health
Breast Health
Cancer Care
Emergency Services
Gastroenterology
Heart & Vascular
Hematology
Hospital Medicine
Imaging Services
Immunology
Infectious Disease
Intensive Care
Maternity
Nephrology
Neurosciences
Ophthalmology
Orthopaedics
Outpatient Pharmacy
Pain Treatment
Palliative Care
Physical Rehabilitation
Podiatry
Primary Care & Family Medicine
Pulmonology
Radiology
Rheumatology
Senior Services
Special Needs Services
Spine Care
Surgical Services
Surgical Weight Loss
Urgent Care
Urology & Kidney
Virtual Health
Women’s Health
Wound Care
More Services >>
Patients & Visitors
Patients
Admitting
Advance Directives
Billing & Insurance
Hospitalist Services
Interpretive Services
List of Charges
Maps & Directions
Medical Records
Patient Portal
Patient Rights & Privacy
Patient Quality & Safety
PlanMYCare
Security Services
Support Person Policy
Parking
Patient Relations
Procedure Estimates and Information
Discharge Process
Your Care Team
Visitors
Dining
CareGrams
Handicap Accessibility
Lodging
Maps & Directions
Visiting Hours
Gift Shops
Hospital Amenities
Pastoral Care
Comfort Prayer Shawl Program
Patient Greeting
Worship, Meditation, & Bereavement Services
Health & Wellness
Classes & Events
Clinical Trials
Community Health Needs Assessment
News
Medical Dictionary
Patient & Family Advisory Council
Health Resources
Health Library
Health & Fitness Tools
Lifestyle Checkup Tools
Pregnancy Tools
Disease & Illness
Education Institutions
National Health Resources
International Health
Community Benefit Programs
Integrative Survivorship Programs
Foundation
Volunteer Services
Women At Heart
Locations & Partners
Menu
×
Go
HomeTerms & Privacy Policy
Print
Email
Share
Text
Decrease
Increase
Terms & Privacy PolicyInternet Email PolicyNotice of Policy Practices (NOPP)Website Privacy PromisePrivacy & HIPAAInformation Practices
Hartford HealthCare Corporation Website Terms of Use
Last Modified: April 2020
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
These terms and conditions of use (“Terms and Conditions”) are entered into by and between you and Hartford HealthCare Corporation and its affiliates (“HHC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). These Terms and Conditions govern your access to and use of this website, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the website (the “Site”). Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully before you start to use the Site. By using the Site, you accept and agree to be bound by and abide by these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy found at https://hartfordhealthcare.org/terms-privacy-policy, and incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, then you should not access or use this Site.
Use of Site/Updates to Site
This Site is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older, and reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Site and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. We make no claims that the Site or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Site. HHC reserves the right to change, update, revise or modify these Terms and Conditions from time to time at its sole discretion. All revisions are effective immediately when posted on this Site. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current rules and regulations. However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set out in the Governing Law and Jurisdiction section of these Terms and Conditions will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice before the date the change is posted on the Site. HHC reserves the right to seek, suspend or terminate your access to this Site without notice, as well as all remedies available by law for such violations if you violate these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply each time you use this Site.
Not Medical Advice
HHC offers the information on this Site for general information and educational purposes only. The content on this Site is not intended for medical diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your doctor or other qualified health provider. Never disregard medical advice or delay seeking it because of something you have read on this Site.
Registration Policy
To access the Site or some of the resources it offers you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Site that all the information you provide is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Site is governed by our Privacy Policy https://hartfordhealthcare.org/terms-privacy-policy. When you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Compliance with Applicable Laws; Export Control
This Site is subject to United States export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside. You may not download or export any software or certain technical data from this Site (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods, including without limitation, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria and Sudan, or (ii) to anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using any software or technical data, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
Electronic Communications and Communications Transmitted to this Site
By visiting the Site or by sending emails to us, you are knowingly and voluntarily consenting to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
User Content and Submissions
This Site allows you to post photographs, videos, comments, and other content (“User Content.”) HHC is not responsible for User Content you or others post to the Site. You represent that you will not post any confidential or proprietary information on the Site and you have the right to post such User Content. You grant HHC a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any of the User Content that you post on or in connection with the Site, including the likeness of any person that appears in the User Content, or any of the concepts or ideas contained in the User Content, for any purpose, including commercial use, which includes the right to translate, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, sublicense, distribute and assign these rights.
Any communication you transmit to this Site by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments or suggestions, or the like (“Submissions”), is, and will be treated as, non-confidential, non-proprietary and will become the exclusive property of HHC, even if these Terms and Conditions or any other agreement you have entered into with us is later terminated or amended.
We will not pay you or anyone else for any information, User Content or Submissions that you provide which is used by us. Additionally, you acknowledge that you have full responsibility for any such Submissions you make and User Content you post, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
HHC reserves the right, but has no obligation, to: (i) review User Content and Submissions for accuracy or otherwise; (ii) edit, delete or refuse to post any User Content or Submissions that are profane, obscene, personal attacks on other individuals, slanderous, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or harassing, or that contain any other information that HHC deems to be inappropriate for this Site or that in any other way violate these Terms and Conditions, as well as any applicable law; (iii) monitor and/or filter all User Content and Submissions; and/or (iv) disclose any User Content or Submissions to any party for any reason or purpose, including, but not limited to, third parties to operate this Site and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests. HHC may use any User Content and Submissions for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting at no cost obligation to HHC. HHC may also use any idea, concept, know-how, or techniques contained in any User Content and Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. HHC has no control over, and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use or misuse of any User Content or Submissions by any third party.
HHC is not responsible for the views or opinions expressed by third parties. User Content and Submissions to this Site do not necessarily reflect the views of HHC, and HHC shall not assume or have any liability for any User Content or Submissions. Visitors may not transmit any User Content or Submissions that are intended to promote and/or generate revenue for any third party business activity.
Prohibited Uses
You agree that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. You may not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site. You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct while using the Site and for any consequences thereof. You agree that HHC shall decide, in its sole discretion, if your conduct violates any aspect of these Terms and Conditions and that HHC may take whatever action it deems appropriate to address such violation, including without limitation notification of appropriate authorities and removal of your access to the Site and/or cancellation of any services.
Your Responsibility
You should always verify the information set out in this Site with independent authorities before acting or relying on it. It is your responsibility to use virus checking software on any download from this Site and to ensure the compatibility of such software with our equipment.
Intellectual Property Rights
The trademarks, logos, service marks, images, trade dress on and copyrights to the content of the Site (the “Intellectual Property”) are the property of HHC, its content providers, or licensors and protected by United States and international laws. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Intellectual Property without the written permission of HHC or such third party that may own the Intellectual Property displayed on this Site. Your use or misuse of the Intellectual Property displayed on or used in connection with this Site, or any other content on this Site, is strictly prohibited. This restriction includes downloading, copying, reproducing, transmitting, publicly performing, distributing, commercially exploiting, adapting, translating, or modifying any content of this Site for any purpose other than your own personal use. You are advised that HHC will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part.
This Site may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Site.
Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Site.
Cause limited portions of content on this Site to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, solely with respect to the content they are displayed with. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Site or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking.
Link to any part of the Site other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Site that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Site may contain links to third party sites. Access to any other Internet site linked to this Site is at your own risk, and HHC is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements made on these sites. You should review the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies of all third party web pages and other websites that you visit.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Notice
If you are an intellectual property rights owner or an agent thereof and believe any material posted to this Site infringes upon your intellectual property rights, you may file a notification of such infringement pursuant to the DMCA by providing the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for further detail):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Such information should be sent to Hartford HealthCare Corporation, One State Street, Hartford, CT 06102, Attention: Chief Legal Officer or by phone at 860-263-4100.
Counternotice
If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the Site, and you believe that the content is not infringing, you may send a counter notification containing the following information to Hartford HealthCare Corporation, One State Street, Hartford, CT 06102, Attention: Chief Legal Officer or by phone at 860-263-4100:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Washington, D.C., and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counternotice is received by HHC, HHC may send a copy of the counter notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter notice, at HHC’s sole discretion.
You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing. In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have also adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and in our sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also, in our sole discretion, limit access to the Site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Disclaimer
Although HHC has attempted to provide accurate information (including any products, graphics, software, recommendations or other materials) on the Site, we assume no responsibility for the completeness, reliability or accuracy of the information. The information on this Site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. HHC undertakes no obligation to verify or maintain the currency of such information. HHC may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice. Mention of non-HHC products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH ALL FAULTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, HHC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. HHC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, SYSTEM FAILURES, INCLUDING VIRUSES OBTAINED DURING HYPERLINK, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, ANY HHCPRODUCT OR LINKS TO ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE FROM THE SITE, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF HHC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT, AND EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, COSTS, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY, OR USE OF THIS SITE, EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE US $100.00.
HHC makes no warranty that (i) the operation of the Site will meet your requirements; (ii) access to the Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful components, or free of defects or errors; (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site will be accurate or reliable; or (iv) defects will be corrected. You (and not HHC) assume the entire cost of all servicing, repair, or correction that may be necessary for your computer equipment and software as a result of any viruses, errors or any other problems whatsoever you may have as a result of visiting this Site.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to hold harmless and indemnify HHC, and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, and employees, licensors, suppliers, partners, successors, and assigns, harmless from and against all liability, losses, damages, and costs (including without limitation defense costs and associated reasonable attorney’s fees and associated costs) associated with any claim, action, or demand brought against HHC arising out of (a) any breach of or violation of these Terms and Conditions; (b) any information you submit, share, or upload on or to the Site; (c) any claim that information or content that you provide violates any applicable law or otherwise infringes the rights of a third party; and/or (d) your use of any data gathering and extraction tools or any other action you take that imposes an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure. You shall cooperate fully in the defense of any claim. HHC reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy is governed under the laws of the state of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by HHC of any term or condition set out in these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of HHC to assert a right or provision under these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Site or these Terms and Conditions you may write to us at Hartford HealthCare Corporation, One State Street, Hartford, CT 06102, Attention Chief Legal Officer or by phone at 860.263.4100. Copyright ©2020 Hartford HealthCare Corporation.
Connect With Us
Sign Up
Subscribe to Our Newsletters
Get the latest healthcare news directly in your inbox.
St. Vincent’s Medical Center
2800 Main Street Bridgeport, CT 06606 Contact Us
Interpretive Services
Terms & Privacy PolicyNon-DiscriminationPatient Rights & PrivacyCommunity Health Needs AssessmentFinancial Assistance
© Copyright 2020 Hartford HealthCare
Design by Julia Balfour, LLC