https://www.home-remedies-for-you.com/terms.html
Home Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of User Policy
Terms of Use
Home-remedies-for-you.com is a quick and convenient online information and communications service ("the Service", "the website", "the site", "we", "our", "us"). Home-remedies-for-you.com is a simple home based treatment site that assists to fight diseases with easy natural home based cures. Utilization of the Service is managed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OR ACCESSING THE SERVICE. THROUGHOUT THIS AGREEMENT, HOME-REMEDIES-FOR-YOU.COM IS REFERRED TO AS "SERVICE", "THE WEBSITE" "WE", "OUR" OR "US." BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR SERVICES AND SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CEASE SUCH USE.
HOME-REMEDIES-FOR-YOU.COM RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR REPLACE THE TERMS OF USE AT ANY TIME. MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT ON THE SITE. THE TERMS OF USE ARE APPLICABLE INTERNATIONALLY TO ALL RESIDENTS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT AS POSTED ON THE SERVICE AT THE TIME OF YOUR ACCESS OR USE. YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THE AGREEMENT POSTED ON THE SERVICE EACH TIME YOU USE THE SERVICE SO THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF ANY MODIFICATIONS MADE TO THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES FOLLOWING SUCH NOTICE SHALL BE DEEMED YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES. IF WE REQUEST, YOU IRREVOCABLY AGREE TO SIGN A NON-ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
YOU WILL NOT USE THE WEBSITE IN ANY WAY OR FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL OR IN ANY WAY WHICH BREACHES ANY RIGHT OF HOME-REMEDIES-FOR-YOU.COM AFFILIATED ENTITY OR WHICH IS FORBIDDEN BY THE TERMS OF USE.
Limited License; Use of Services
Home-remedies-for-you.com grants to you a limited personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable right and license to access the Site and use the Services thereon. Unless otherwise specified in writing, the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use.
The service grants you permission to create a personal profile account, when you register on Home-remedies-for-you.com. Agree to maintain total security of your identification such as password and other confidential information in relation to the use of your Service account. Use the website in a responsible manner.
The Service shall accept, without limitation, your valid user remedy suggestions, questions, articles and blogs, comments on blogs, allow you to play contests from time to time, may allow download of ebooks and various other message communication applications.
User Prohibited Activities
a)	Never use the website to upload or transmit via the site; content of any type that violates and infringes a third party's rights.
b)	Do not acknowledge or access the Sites or Services by any means other than through the standard industry-accepted or the Service-provided interfaces.
c)	Do not use this site for any purpose in violation of local, state, national or international laws.
d)	Do not use this website as a means to circulate promotional or unsolicited or otherwise objectionable material to any third party or which may invade another's right of privacy or publicity .
e)	Do not use or access the website to post content which is defamatory to other users or is offensive, threatening, obscene, harmful, hateful or insulting to any other person as ascertained by us in our sole discretion.
f)	Do not transmit any material that infringes any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
g)	Do not use the website to post unsolicited email messages.
h)	Do no use the Service or any of its communication features in a manner that adversely affects its resource availability to other users (.e.g. use of all letters in caps, excessive shouting).
i)	Do not post or transmit "chain letters", "junk mail", "spam", "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation.
j)	Do not impersonate another person or create any false home-remedies-for-you.com account information or health record for yourself or others if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so
k)	Do not with full knowledge and deliberation send any viruses or other disabling elements via the website or to the website.
l)	Do not copy, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, otherwise attempt to discover the source code, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from any information obtained through the Service or the Services.
m)	Do not advertise or solicit any products, services or funds.
n)	Do not hack or manipulate the display of the website and/or the Services by using framing or similar navigational technology
o)	Do not gain unauthorized access, impair or disable any of the Services, accounts, networks, servers or computer systems connected to us through password mining, hacking or any other means nor interfere with user's use of the Service and/or Services.
p)	The website or any of our affiliates, subsidiaries or parent company is not responsible for damages or indemnity including loss of remunerations, income or business due to any Service associated to or offered by this website. The only option for disappointment with the Services offered would be immediate discontinuation of the Service.
q)	You will compensate the Service and any of our parent, subordinate organization, licensees and successors if any, collectively with any of their individual directors, officers and workers, compensate for any damages, costs, expenditures (inclusive of costs towards attorney fees) occurring due to the claim by a third party pertaining to utilization of a Service, or infringement or breach of this Agreement or any other term or condition comprised on the Service.
r)	You must consent to agree and obey all the user responsibilities and requirements as mentioned in these Terms of Service.
Ownership, Copyright and Trade Mark Notice
The content on the website, the design, graphics, and the software incorporated in the website is owned, copyrighted and licensed to home-remedies-for-you.com. You may view, download and print a single electronic copy of the matter from the website for your own personal, non-commercial use, considering you incorporate all relevant notices and disclaimers. Any use of content is strictly prohibited without prior written permission from home-remedies-for-you.com and appropriate right holders.
In relationship with User Submissions, you further consent that you will not submit matter that is copyrighted or protected by third party proprietary rights, as well as privacy and publicity rights, except if you have the ownership rights or authorization from the lawful owner about use of the matter and grant home-remedies-for-you.com all of the license rights granted. You will not submit your own copyrighted material if the same material is already displayed on another site.
You acknowledge and agree that by sharing creative suggestions, concepts, ideas, notes or submitting any materials (collectively termed "submission materials") either by email, posted on the site or any other mode of submission; you grant us worldwide, royalty free, sub-licensable, non-exclusive, assignable, irrevocable right to use such submission
materials in any media now known or hereafter devised, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without any compensation to you, the provider of the submission materials. Under no circumstances shall the Service have any obligation whatsoever to pay a fee to any subscriber or user in connection with the Submission Materials upon the occurrence of a transfer of all or any portion of our business through a merger, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Service, nor shall the sale of advertising on any of the Sites give rise to any obligation to pay a fee to Subscribers.
The Submission Materials disclosed or posted on our website shall not be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality (except your email address at the time of registration) attribution, or otherwise, on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any such Submission Materials.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") protects copyright owners who believe that material which appears on the Internet infringes upon their rights under the U.S. copyright law. You may send us a notification requesting to remove the material or block access to it. Home-remedies-for-you.com will delete all content if correctly notified that such content encroaches or violates another's intellectual property rights. All notifications should comply with the requirements of DMCA. If you believe that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA gives you permission to send a counter-notice to us. All notices and counter notices must meet the then current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for details.
Home-remedies-for-you.com reserves the entitlement to remove such content or User Submissions without any notice.
Email for notice: support AT home-remedies-for-you.com
Advertising, Third Party Content and Links to Third Party Websites
This website includes hyperlinks and indicators to other websites controlled by third parties. Home-remedies-for-you.com does not manage these linked websites and cannot be held responsible for the material of linked Website or hyperlinks displayed on the linked website. The hyperlinks are offered exclusively for your convenience and do not suggest explicitly or impliedly, any endorsement by home-remedies-for-you.com of the website or their products and services. You may link to any such websites at your own discretion and risk.
Your correspondence or participation with any third party found on or through our site or services, regarding payment, delivery of specific services and/ or goods, personal information exchange, and any other terms, conditions, representations or warranties associated with such dealings, are solely your responsibility with such third parties. You agree that home-remedies-for-you.com is not responsible or liable for any damage, loss or any sort of matter incurred as a result of such interactions and dealings.
No Reliance on Information
The content displayed on home-remedies-for-you.com is provided for the sole intention of educating consumers on topics regarding health and disease management. All information featured on this website, including information pertaining to health conditions and remedies, is for informative reasons only. No information displayed on the Website should be blindly followed. Home-remedies-for-you.com is not intended to be used for instructional medical diagnosis, first aid, treatment and emergency care. The information provided does not replace medical advice or personal counseling, at all times consult your family doctor prior to making a health decision.
This website bears information written or rendered by third parties or users. Any notions, advice, testimonials, or other information conveyed or created by third parties, are that of the third party, and does not assert or suggest those of home-remedies-for-you.com. Accordingly, the website is a distributor of the content, not a publisher which means the site has no more editorial control over the content than a bookstore or a public library. The Service does not guarantee the authenticity, completeness or usefulness of any content, nor does any third party provider of information. Home-remedies-for-you.com is not responsible for accuracy, reliability or adverse reaction to any opinion, advice or content displayed on the website.
Symptoms and Causes Information
This website offers information for symptoms and causes of medical conditions. Please do not rely only on any given information pertaining to symptoms and causes present on the website. The illness presented on the website is not listed or categorized in any particular order in respect to their significance, occurrence, seriousness, or relevance.
It does not necessarily imply that all symptoms may be present for a particular condition. The listed symptoms and causes are not essentially the most typical for a condition. Symptoms and causes may differ, or be missing, depending on the seriousness of the condition.
Symptoms and causes may change after a while with the advancement of the conditions. Symptoms may change at various phases of the conditions.
Not all causes and symptoms would be applicable to all patients. A particular class of patients, including pregnant women, babies, children, aged, or those with other severe complications may go through different symptoms.
Some symptoms could be hidden and difficult to identify or could be detected only by a medical professional.
Health Care Questions and Answers
The reader of health related questions and articles on home-remedies-for-you.com should exercise all precautionary measures while following instructions on the home remedies. The site does not evaluate or assure the correctness of any content including of Question, Answers and Content present on home-remedies-for-you.com.
Home-remedies-for-you.com is not responsible for any adverse reactions or allergies that may arise from following any advice or content written on the site. Under no circumstances will the site or third party suppliers of information be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through any content including questions, answers and user suggestions on Home-remedies-for-you.com. The responsibility lies with the reader and not with the site or the writer.
Home-remedies-for-you.com focuses on alternative healing; holistic health and nutrition from natural remedies. In the remedies suggested, you can recommend natural cures and only basic OTC remedies that compliment the user's specific situation. As a health advisor, you should not prescribe nor discuss prescription medicines. In case user has questions which need medical and surgical related counseling, the users should be requested to seek guidance from their family physician or the concerned specialist. Do not attempt to replace medical advice by defying, defaming any other person's advice or comparing your remedy as 'better' versus remedies suggested by medical practitioners.
Monitoring
Home-remedies-for-you.com has no obligation whatsoever to monitor any of the content or postings on the user remedies, or questions and answers on the Sites. However, you acknowledge and agree that we have the absolute right to monitor the same at our sole discretion. In addition, we reserve the right to alter, edit, refuse to post or remove any postings or content, in whole or in part, for any reason and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third party in order to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request and to protect ourselves, our users and visitors.
Content posted and/or uploaded on the site may be subject to size and usage limitations. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations.
Medical Emergencies
If you think you are experiencing a medical emergency, get in touch with your doctor right away. Never ignore, avoid or delay medical aid from your health care provider due to some information you read on this website. If you reside in the United States of America and encounter a medical emergency, call 911 or ask for immediate medical assistance at a local emergency number in your respective country.
Disclaimer
This site imparts information regarding treatments of medical conditions. Do not rely totally on any information concerning treatment procedures included on this website.
No information included in this website is or must be regarded as, or utilized as a replacement for health advice, medical opinion or treatment. The services offered on this website are intended to inform consumers about health concerns and medical topics that might influence their everyday lives. This website and its services do not represent the procedure of any medical, nursing or other specialized health treatment advice, diagnosis or cure.
It is possible that self treatment without proper consultation with qualified practitioners may have adverse interaction especially if you are on more than one treatment modalities, medicines (prescription or over-the-counter), alternative therapies. Presence of multiple illnesses, several therapeutic treatments at once may cause a negative impact on user's health.
Treatments might not be suitable for particular patients including newborns, children, pregnant women, aged, or patient suffering from another condition. The treatments listed on the website might not be essentially the complete list of possible remedies for an ailment.
For the reason that the designated website and the services it offers, you consent that home-remedies-for-you.com does not comprise of a service that aims at any one group of people, users, business or industry. Since the site is intended for educational reasons, you also consent that it does not constitute "conducting business" in any particular jurisdiction or soliciting business for us or any of our associated companies, subordinates or parent company or setting up "lowest amount of contacts" with any jurisdiction.
SPECIAL ADMONITION FOR ANSWERS PERTAINING TO TOPICS ON HEALTH
The answers provided on home-remedies-for-you.com are for information purpose only, and cannot be substituted for professional advice, diagnosis and treatment. At all times get the advice from your doctor or health professional before embarking on a new treatment or prior to making alterations to existing treatment. Never postpone seeking or ignore medical advice based on the content on the website. No health information on home-remedies-for-you.com Answers, includes information regarding herbal therapies and dietary supplements, is assessed or regulated by the Therapeutic Goods Administration and hence the data must not be utilized to diagnose, cure or prevent any illness without the guidance of a medical practitioner.
Health information on home-remedies-for-you.com Answers, which includes information regarding herbal therapies and dietary supplements, is not assessed or regulated by the Therapeutic Goods Administration. Hence the data must not be utilized to diagnose, cure or prevent any illness without the guidance of a medical practitioner.
Contests and Games
The Service often provides contests and games on its Site. The rules and procedures shall be accessible through a hypertext link or image prominently displayed on the web page regarding the contest or game. By entering or participating in any of them, you agree to be subject to those rules, regulations and procedures. Please remember to read the rules carefully before participating.
User's Representations
Users visiting www.home-remedies-for-you.com represent and guarantee that they are no less than 18 years of age and they hold the legal permission and capability to agree to these Terms of Service and utilize this website in agreement with these Terms of Service.
Warranties and Limitation of Liability
THE WEBSITE DOES NOT CONVEY OR IMPLY ANY WARRANTIES, ENDORSEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY TYPE (COMPRISING WITH NO RESTRICTION, GUARANTEES OF TITLE, OR WARRANTIES OF TRADING, OR FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC REASON) CONSIDERING A SERVICE, OR WITH REGARD TO ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCT, SERVICE, GOODS OR OTHER MATERIAL OFFERED ON OR VIA THE SERVICE. THE WEBSITE DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE CORRECTNESS, COMPREHENSIVENESS, RELEVANCE OR UTILITY OF ANY INFORMATION, GOODS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS OR OTHER MATERIALS SUPPLIED THROUGH THE SERVICE. WE OFFER NO GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE WOULD BE CONTINUOUS, TIMELY, PROTECTED OR ERROR-FREE.
WE ARE NOT ANSWERABLE TO USERS OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DECISION CARRIED OUT OR ACTION TAKEN ON THE BASIS OF DEPENDENCE UPON THE INFORMATION DISPLAYED OR OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
Conflict Resolution
This agreement comprises the complete agreement involving you and us in regards to the access and utilization of the website and any of its services. This contract will not be altered or changed, entirely or partly, excluding as explained elsewhere in this Agreement. Anything present on the Service conflicting with or contradictory to the terms of this Agreement is outdated or replaced by the terms of this Agreement.
Termination of Services
If the Terms of Use of this website is violated, your use of the website will be terminated. We may perhaps inform you that you have violated or infringed the Agreement of Use and your account with the website is being dismissed or discontinued. We might, in our sole judgment, discontinue your access to the website, or any section therefrom, or suspend supplying the service. Furthermore, we are not accountable to you or any third party for withdrawal or termination.
General
The website does not assure uninterrupted or safe access to the services, and the functioning of this website may be disturbed by various reasons beyond our control. You consent to these Terms of Use and the entire integrated agreements between us and you might be automatically assigned by us, by our sole judgment, to a third party on the occasion of a merger, purchase or insolvency.
Failure to act on our path to a violation committed by you or other individuals of these Terms of Use does not forego our entitlement to act with regard to consecutive or related breaches. These Terms and Conditions of Use set forth the complete comprehension and agreement between us and other users with regard to the website, its utilization and services.
Use of Cookies
"Cookies" are small amount of data that some websites collect on your computer's hard disk when you visit them. We utilize cookies to supply us with information pertaining to the origins of our website's traffic. Most internet browsers involuntarily accept cookies, although they allow you to adjust security settings so that you can accept or reject cookies based on a particular situation. Home-remedies-for-you.com requires you to enable cookies and JavaScript. Incase you decline cookies from our website, certain parts of our website may not operate properly.
Our advertisers and sponsors and their Ad Servers might utilize cookies when you visit our website. They employ those cookies to gather non-personal data as a method of determining the efficiency of their promotion. We do not manage these third partie's use of cookies or their management of the collected non-personal information. Nevertheless, our sponsors and advertisers have consented that they will not gather any individually identifiable data from our website visitors while they view or visit home-remedies-for-you.com. In case you click on an advertisement on home-remedies-for-you.com and view a site managed by one of the advertisers or sponsors, bear in mind that we are not accountable for the privacy procedures of those websites.
Remember to read the privacy policies of every website carefully to decide which information that website maybe gathering about you.
Some Ad servers permit you to choose not to provide unidentified data compilation via the use of cookies. To execute this, you must choose to disallow such information gathering with every particular website. You may disallow cookies from various Ad Servers by viewing the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site. At the particular website you may also assess the privacy policies of those Ad Servers.
Collection of Personal Information
We accumulate personal data that you decide to disclose with us in the registration sections of home-remedies-for-you.com. The personal information might contain your email address, your health concerns and your answers to queries regarding your health status. We utilize this information to customize our service as per the information you enter. The information entered at registration is stored in our database. This allows you to utilize the personalized features on our website on a recurring basis. This saved data is accumulated with your consent and could be updated or removed by you at any point of time. Please remember that we do not sell your email address and that your personal information is safe with us.
If you decide not to impart personalized data required for registration, you may not register with home-remedies-for-you.com and you will not be allowed to personalize the site.
DISCLAIMER ABOUT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS
Home-remedies-for-you.com will not be held responsible for any loss you incur as a result of somebody else using your account or password, either with or without your knowledge. However, you may be held liable for any losses incurred by the Service or another party due to someone else using your account or password. In the event that you are aware that your access to the site or security is breached, you will agree to notify Home-remedies-for-you.com immediately; of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
Contact information
Should you have any queries regarding the Service, do not hesitate to contact us at info AT home-remedies-for-you.com.
I accept all the above mentioned terms and conditions of this Agreement either by clicking here or through utilization of the Service.