http://www.pelvicpain.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Loading
Privacy Policy
This International Pelvic Pain Society® (IPPS®) Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to all information IPPS learns about or obtains from you when you visit the IPPS web site (the "Site").
By visiting or accessing the Site, you agree to the provisions of this Policy and the provisions of the IPPS Web Site Terms .
IPPS may modify this Policy from time to time, effective immediately upon posting to the Site or such other period as required by applicable law.
Your continued access or use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the provisions of the then-current Policy.
The current Policy applies to all information gathered or obtained about you at any time.
What Personal Information Does IPPS Collect?
Information You Give Us:
IPPS receives and stores any information you enter on the Site, for example when you register for a Discussion List or that you provide in any other manner, including personal information such as your name or email address.
Of course, you can choose not to provide such information, but then you might not be able to access or use portions of the Site.
IPPS may, but is not obligated to, retain the content of any e-mails you send or information you provide by other means.
Automated Collection
IPPS collects cookies on our Web site to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and IPPS uses this information only internally - to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. IPPS does not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality on our Web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable. IPPS never gives away information about our users. If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, IPPS will use this information only to respond to your inquiry. IPPS will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific IPPS product or service.
IPPS uses analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
You may request that IPPS delete or modify your personally identifiable information, such as your name or e-mail address.
How Does IPPS Use Information?
IPPS uses the information you provide and IPPS collects to:
Administer, maintain and improve the Site and its operation;
Verify your identity and respond to your requests for information;
Comply with applicable laws, statutes and regulations;
Enforce the Terms and our rights and the rights of others; and
As specifically provided in the Terms and as you may otherwise agree.
To Whom Does IPPS Disclose Information?
IPPS does not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, except described below:
With third parties that perform functions on IPPS's behalf, such as maintaining and operating the Site and its content.
IPPS does not allow such third parties to use your information for other purposes;
As IPPS believes necessary to comply with laws, statutes or regulations and/or to enforce this Policy and the Terms and to protect our rights and the rights of other persons;
As required by a court or government agency or to respond to a claim by you or a third party; and
As you have otherwise agreed.
Subpoenas - IPPS may respond to any subpoena received from a government agency (i.e., the Securities and Exchange Commission or law enforcement agencies) without prior notice to you.
Unless prohibited by law or by a court order, IPPS will notify you of any subpoena received from any other party (e.g., for civil litigation) which requires IPPS to disclose your identity and will wait ten (10) days, or a lesser amount of time as required by the deadline in the subpoena before providing the information requested by the subpoena.
Correct/Update Procedure
If you want to view your Personal Information and/or to delete or modify your personal information from our records, you may do so by:
Sending an email to info@pelvicpain.org, or
By mail to the following address:
Correct/Update Personal Information
International Pelvic Pain Society® (IPPS®)
14306 Southcross Drive West, Suite 100
Burnsville, MN 55306 USA
IPPS reserves the right to verify the identity of any person making such a request; provided that IPPS shall have no liability whatsoever resulting from false or erroneous requests.
Personal information collected and transferred to back-up or archival storage may be retained indefinitely.
IPPS may also retain any information necessary for business records and as required under applicable law.
Links
The Site may contain links to other web sites.
Such links are provided for the convenience of visitors only.
IPPS has no control over and makes no representations whatsoever regarding such other web sites or the products and services offered by or through web sites accessed through links on the Site, including advertisements, even those with which IPPS may have an affiliation.
If you decide to access third party sites linked through the Site you do so at your own risk.
You should carefully review the privacy policy and terms of any site you access.
Security
The Site has reasonable security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under IPPS's control.
While IPPS strives to protect your personal information, IPPS cannot ensure and does not warrant the security of any information or data.
Communication via the Internet is not failsafe, and there is always a possibility that data may be lost, or intercepted by unauthorized parties, during transmission or after receipt.
You agree that IPPS shall have no liability whatsoever in connection with any lost or intercepted data or information.
Conditions of Use
Your access and use of the Site is subject to this Policy and the Terms including limitations on damages and the applicability of the law of the District of Columbia.
Contacting IPPS
If you have questions about this Policy, the Terms or the Site or its content, please contact:
International Pelvic Pain Society® (IPPS®)
14306 Southcross Drive West, Suite 100
Burnsville, MN 55306 USA
Telephone: +1 (612) 474-4140
Fax: +1 (952) 314-8212
Email: info@pelvicpain.org
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##