http://www.emtn.org/privacy/
Skip to Content
I Want To
Call Us
Search
Menu
We are continuing to address the COVID-19 crisis and are working to keep our patients safe. Please click here for information.
Set Your Location
Your location is...
Change Your Location
Set Your Location to See Relevant Information
Use Your Current Location
Set Your Location
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
About Us
Careers
Classes
Contact Us
Main Navigation
Services & Specialties
Find a Doctor
Maps & Locations
Quality & Safety
Patients & Visitors
Health Information
For Medical Professionals
You are here:
Home > Site Privacy Policy
SHARE
Site Privacy Policy
For information on how Billings Clinic may use and disclose your health information and how you can get access to this information, see the Billings Clinic Patient Privacy Notice and the page on Medical Records.
Billings Clinic is committed to your privacy as a visitor to the Billings Clinic website (“Site”). Whenever the terms “we,” “us,” or “our” are used in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), they refer to Billings Clinic. We believe it is important for you to know how we handle the information we receive from you via the Internet. You can visit our Site without revealing any personal information. However, you are required to provide personal information if you use the Site to make an appointment, register for a class or event, subscribe to a newsletter, pay a bill, make an online donation or otherwise communicate with us through your use of the Site.
Information Collection and Use
It is Billings Clinic’s policy to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to its use of the information collected on this Site to the extent such laws apply to it and its operations. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We may sell, share, or rent this information to vendors and agents in support of Billings Clinic’s activities. Billings Clinic may share such information as is necessary in order to provide you with the information and services you request. We may also disclose such information to the extent we believe it is necessary in order to (a) comply with any law, rule, court order, or subpoena, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Billings Clinic, the Site, or Site users, or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of users of the Site, Billings Clinic, or the public. In addition, we may keep anonymous statistical data about you and other users of our Site, and we may sell, share, or rent this information to third parties. Our use of the information collected on this Site may include, without limitation, using such information to communicate with you regarding the use of the Site, to inform you of changes to the Site or products and services that we think you may wish to know about, to maintain the Site, analyze statistical use problems, or to evaluate from where users link to the Site and where users then go. Using such information in this way may enable us to better serve you, and to present a website that best suits your needs.
Registration and Forms that Request Personal Information
On certain pages of the Site, we may give you the option of providing us with your name, address, phone number, email address, demographic information, preferences and other personal information. For instance, you may request an appointment or pay your Billings Clinic Hospital and Clinic bill statement and we may offer specialized registration for certain programs, events and classes that may require some or all of the above information. We only gather this personal information with your knowledge, permission and participation. If you are not comfortable with this, you can choose not to use this part of the Site.
We may use such information to send you an email confirming your registration, confirm an appointment, to respond to questions from you, or to notify you of other information related to the event, class or otherwise. We may also, from time to time, send emails to you on special promotions or newsletters that may be of interest to you.
E-mail Communication, Newsletters and Related Services
The Site may offer features that provide you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties that are delivered via email.
Email communication that you send to us via the email links on our Site may be shared with a customer service representative, employee, medical personnel or agent that is most able to address your inquiry. We make reasonable efforts to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received. Once we have responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the nature of the inquiry.
The email functionality on our Site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. It’s possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user without your knowledge or permission while in transit to us. If you wish to keep your communications private, do not use our email.
If you sign up for a free email newsletter, you can unsubscribe to this newsletter at any time by following the opt-out procedure set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
We do not request, seek or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 18. The Site is not intended for and does not direct content to children under the age of 18. Parents or legal guardians are responsible to determine the appropriate content for their children and to monitor use and access to the Site and any information it contains.
Security of our Site and E-mail
The security of any data you submit via this Site is very important to us. However, no system can perfectly guard against risk of intentional intrusion or inadvertent disclosure of information sent to us. Moreover, when you transmit information via the Internet or via email, your information will be transmitted over a medium that is beyond our control, and therefore the security of the transmission may be compromised before it reaches us. Accordingly, Billings Clinic makes no guarantee as to confidentiality or security. IN ADDITION, YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND SOLELY ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR INTENTIONAL INTRUSION, OR OF ANY DELAY, FAILURE, INTERRUPTION OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR OTHER INFORMATION TRANSMITTED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE.
IP addresses
We collect and log the IP address of all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. IP addresses allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with one another. We collect IP address information so that we can properly administer our systems and gather aggregate information about how our Site is being used, including the pages visitors are viewing, general traffic, site usage and length-of-stay information. We may sell, share, or rent this aggregate information to third parties. This sort of information is shared only in aggregate and to maintain your anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. We may use IP address information, however, to personally identify you in order to enforce our legal rights or when required to do so by law enforcement authorities.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored by your browser onto your hard drive as you visit Web pages. Like may other websites, we may use these tools for purposes such as monitoring the traffic flow of visitors from other sites. Collecting this information, however, does not allow us to personally identify you.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to change your browser settings to prevent this. Contact your Internet service provider for more information. If you reject cookies from our Site, some parts of the Site may not work properly for you.
Our sponsors and advertisers and their advertising servers (“Ad Servers”) may use cookies when you view pages on our Site. They use those cookies to collect non-personal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising. We do not control these third parties use of cookies or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. If you click on an advertisement on the Site and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Some Ad Servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies. To do so, you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site. You may be able to opt out of cookies for several Ad Servers. Contact your Internet service provider for more information.
Your Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Terms and Conditions posted on the Site. By accessing or using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions posted on the Site. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or to THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS POSTED ON THE SITE, do not access or use our Site.
We may revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting the modified Privacy Policy on the Site. You agree to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be aware of such modifications, and your accessing or using of the Site constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as it appears at the time of your access or use.
Opt-Out Procedures
You always may opt-out of receiving future contacts or mailings from us. Billings Clinics provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving electronic communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about you. You may at some point no longer wish to receive electronic communications from us or our partners. To stop receiving such communications, use the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter or email communication.
Virtual Care
We have options for care from the comfort and safety of your home for many of our services.
Learn more about Billings Clinic Virtual Care.
406-255-8400 or 800-252-1246
Virtual Care Help
Related News
Billings Clinic treats first patients at Outpatient COVID-19 Infusion Unit
December 9, 2020
Critically ill Billings Clinic nurse with COVID 19 showing signs of recovery
December 9, 2020
Montana Women’s Run Donates to local Women’s and Children’s Health and Fitness Programs
December 8, 2020
Billings Clinic receives additional COVID-19 resources from State of Montana
November 13, 2020
Billings Clinic secures federal COVID resources with help from State of Montana
November 2, 2020
View More
Support Billings Clinic
Make a Gift Online
Request an Appointment
Get Care Now
View my Medical Record
Pay my Bill
Make a Gift
Find a Job
Call our HealthLine
406.238.2500
800.332.7156
Connect With Us
Billings Clinic Foundation
Request Financial Assistance
Sign up for eNewsletter
Volunteer at Billings Clinic
Resources
Donations & Sponsorship Request Form
Internal Medicine Residency
News & Media
Nursing Excellence
Research
Site Privacy
Patient Privacy
Terms & Conditions
See important information from Billings Clinic on Non-discrimination and Interpreter Services.
Billings Clinic is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action (EOE/AA) e-verify employer.