http://www.socalretina.com/privacy-policy
Menu Icon
Email Icon
Location Icon
Login Icon
Phone Icon
Quote Icon
Full Quote Icon
Info
Directions
Phone
Menu Expand
Menu Collapsed
Close
Close
Profile Corner
Consultation Checkbox Off
Consultation Checkbox On
Consultation Radio On
Consultation Radio Off
Consultation Add Field
Consultation Remove Field
Office Tour Icon
(310) 289-3666
Locations
Contact
Menu
Privacy Policy
Pacific Retina Specialists is committed to protecting your privacy. Our privacy policy, effective 06-11-2018, explains how www.socalretina.com, developed by Einstein Medical, uses and safeguards all information you provide when using our site. Please contact us directly with any questions regarding our privacy policy.
How We Collect and Use Information
In order to send an inquiry or submit a consultation request through our site, you will be required to provide information to us that identifies you, including your:
Name
Email Address
Telephone Number
You also have the option to submit a message. This information will be used to correspond with you.
We will only use your personal information as permitted by law.
Pacific Retina Specialists uses electronic, physical, and managerial procedures to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, changes, or loss of your information. However, we are unable to guarantee that your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information will never be disclosed in a way that conflicts with our privacy policy. We are not responsible for any security breach or other third-party actions.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files sent to your web browser from a server and stored on your computer. They allow einsteinlaw.com to improve your user experience by collecting and remembering information about your preferences when using the site. Cookies can be accepted or declined. Cookies cannot grant access to your computer or any of the information it contains.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your settings to decline cookies if you wish. However, it is important to understand that declining cookies may keep you from taking full advantage of the site.
Learn more about managing cookies in the most commonly used browsers:
Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/ie11-win7-privacy-statement
Microsoft Edge: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
Google AdWords Remarketing
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise our services across the web. We also use it to provide marketing that is relevant to you. By placing a cookie on your browsing device, Google AdWords Remarketing displays ads tailored to you based on the parts of our site that you visit. This cookie does not identify you or give access to your computer. Instead, the cookie acknowledges that you visited a page, resulting in the placement of ads related to that page topic. You can choose not to participate in Google AdWords Remarketing by visiting this page. You can choose not to participate in any third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting this page.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a tool that records data pertaining to how users go about finding the information they seek, including search terms used and the amount of traffic that certain websites attract. We use this information to improve the user experience by making einsteinlaw.com easier to find for those who can benefit from our content. As with AdWords Remarketing, Google Analytics relies on cookies to collect this information. You can opt out of participating in Google Analytics and cease receiving related cookies by following these instructions.
Facebook Lead Ads
Facebook Lead Ads are advertisements we place on Facebook that allow you to submit your personal information directly to us so that we can contact you and discuss your interest in our services. The terms of our privacy policy apply to personal information submitted through a Facebook Lead Ad. We do not target minors through Lead Ads.
Bing Ads Data Collection
Bing Ads uses anonymous cookies to collect data regarding user actions on an advertiser’s websites. We use Bing Ads to learn how often users click our advertisements, how long users spend on our site, how often they visit, and other data. If you do not wish to participate in Bing Ads data collection, please follow the instructions outlined on this page.
Our Data Storage
Pacific Retina Specialists retains all ownership rights pertaining to databases, software, codes, designs and all other internally developed applications used to provide our site and our services. You retain all rights to the data you submit to einsteinlaw.com. We work with third-party vendors and hosting companies in order to provide the networking, storage, software, hardware, and other technology needed to provide our services.
Managing Your Personal Information
We take every measure to give you access to your personal information. You can correct errors or remove your information altogether at any time, as long as the preservation of this data is not required by law or for genuine business purposes. To initiate this process, you must identify yourself and the information you wish to access, modify, correct, or remove. We reserve the right to refuse requests that endanger the privacy of others, are unrealistic, would require unreasonably extensive technical effort, or require unauthorized access. When users are granted access to their personal information, this is provided free of charge unless it requires substantial effort on our part.
If you would like to access, change, or remove your personal information, please contact us. If you wish to remove your information, we will do so within 7 business days of receiving your request.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may update or change our privacy policy from time to time. When this happens, we will post a notification on our site. These changes are effective starting the date they are posted.
Social Accounts Sprite
Rate, Review & Explore
*Disclaimer: results are not guaranteed, may not be permanent, and can vary per individual. Some images are of models, not actual patients.
©2006 - 2020 Pacific Retina Specialists
| Lucid CMS® Minimo V1 | Designed & Developed by
Einstein Medical
Sitemap | Privacy Policy |
Login
Close
Name
Email
Phone Number
Message
Send Message
More Contact Info
Close
Beverly Hills Office
8920 Wilshire Blvd Ste 500
Beverly Hills,
CA 90211
Open Today
8:00am - 5:00pm
Hours and Info
Directions
(310) 289-3666
Lancaster Office
42543 8th St W Ste 105
Lancaster,
CA 93534
Open Today
8:00am - 5:00pm
Hours and Info
Directions
(661) 948-4361
Ridgecrest Office
1409 N Norma St
Ridgecrest,
CA 93555
Open Today
8:00am - 5:00pm
Hours and Info
Directions
(661) 948-4361
Tamuning Office
633 Gov Carlos G Camacho Rd Ste 103
Tamuning,
GU 96913
Closed Today
Hours and Info
Directions
(671) 649-3937
View All Locations
Close
Beverly Hills Office(310) 289-3666
Lancaster Office(661) 948-4361
Ridgecrest Office(661) 948-4361
Tamuning Office(671) 649-3937
View Contact Page
Close
HomeAbout the PracticeAbout the Practice OverviewAbout the DoctorCommunities We ServeDiseasesProceduresPrivacyContactLocationsBlogSite Map
Close
Your browser does not support the video tag.