http://www.ccsa.ca/policy
Browse COVID-19 resources from partners and CCSA experts – trusted sources for your information and research needs.
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Health and Public Safety
Policy
Policy
Share
on Twitter
on LinkedIn
on Facebook
via email
Developing strong, evidence-based public policy is fundamental to addressing substance use and addiction. Analyzing and evaluating the health and social impacts of different policy approaches is essential to identifying potential problems and solutions.
CCSA contributes to the development of evidence-based policy by providing the latest research and up-to-date knowledge and expertise to decision makers. Partnership is paramount to strong policy development! It is through collaborating with diverse partners that we gain insight from their knowledge, expertise and perspectives.
CCSA’s experts combine evidence, knowledge and partnerships to form an approach that is rooted in personal health and social equity, public health and public safety.
Policy and the Regulation of Legal Cannabis
With the legalization of cannabis products, each province and territory is responsible for developing its own regulations for sales and distribution of cannabis. They can add additional restrictions to the federal legislation. For example, provinces and territories can increase the age of access. Municipalities can also pass bylaws to further regulate the use of cannabis in their local community.
We developed an interactive map to provide a summary of the current provincial and territorial cannabis regulations.
Our Experts
Rebecca Jesseman, MA
Director, Policy
Susan Barrass, MA
Policy Analyst
Dawid Werminski, J.D.
Public Policy Advisor
Get in touch for media requests or speaking engagements
Policy Briefs and Reports
Resources
Parliamentary Engagement
Publications
Featured Resource
Policy Brief | 2019
Cannabis Legalization: Year One Observations
Cannabis
Provides the first summary of Canada’s experience in the first year of retail sales after cannabis legalization, with a focus on the public health and safety objectives of the Cannabis Act. Canada’s relationship with legal cannabis is evolving and the market is still developing. With the Act in eff…
Learn more about Cannabis Legalization: Year One Observations
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience possible on our website.
You can change your cookie settings in your web browser at any time. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive cookies from our website. Review our Privacy Notice for more information.
Continue