http://www.nchcr.com/privacy-policy
NCHCR Home
Recruiter Login
Candidate Login
Privacy Policy
The National Coalition of Healthcare Recruiters respects your privacy and
guarantees its best efforts to maintain a safe, confidential environment for
recruitment.
The following policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices:
The National Coalition of Healthcare Recruiters stores, transmits and publishes
individual information only as directed by each individual user. No information
from your profile will be distributed without your implied permission which is
interpreted from your specific online transactions including submitting a
response to a specific job and/or posting your profile to a searchable
database.
Specifically, The National Coalition of Healthcare Recruiters provides several
options for you to store and distribute your information on our site.
Search Jobs- You may search and view job postings anonymously.
Create a personal page- Set up a login and password to help manage your search
activities and store personal information for future sessions. This activity
requires completion of a brief registration form.
Reply to jobs- If you contact about a job, your identity will be disclosed to
the employer/recruiter who submitted the job posting. Your reply will be
e-mailed, faxed, mailed or securely viewed online as directed by the
employer/recruiter. If you have completed an online profile, the current
version could be included in the response information.
Hyperlinks- Our site may contain links to external Web pages including
associations, employers, recruiters and related resources. We provide no
information about you to these external sites. We have no control over, nor
knowledge of the privacy practices of these sites and provide none of the
assurances of our Privacy Policy once you leave our site. We encourage you to
educate yourself on the privacy provisions of any site you plan to provide with
confidential information.
Posted profile- You may post your profile and career preferences to a database
that is searchable by our coalition partners of recruiters. You can deactivate
your posting anytime.
Delete your records- At your request, we will deactivate all records pertaining
to your use of this site including your registration, login, profile,and
responses. Your deletion will take place as soon as possible. Please understand
that employers or recruiters who had already received your information through
a job response or posted profile may have maintained your records off-line and
could still attempt to contact you regarding employment options.
The National Coalition of Healthcare Recruiters gathers and reports statistical
information aggregated from overall user sessions including data on searches,
responses and services. The National Coalition of Healthcare Recruiters does
not disclose any personal information about you to any third parties without
your specific action through one of the methods described above.
While The National Coalition of Healthcare Recruiters guarantees strict
adherence to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, we cannot control the
actions of the third parties you may come in contact with through our service.
Any information you submit to other users of this site becomes their property.
You acknowledge this fact and agree to use The National Coalition of Healthcare
Recruiters at your own risk.
Updates to our Privacy Policy will be noted on this page.
Our Services Are Unparalleled
Passive Candidate Program
Over 14,500 phone interviewed, Permission based emails and cell phone numbers. Permission granted to contact Physician Candidate with opportunities.
Licensed Physician List
Over 620,000 verified licensed physicians. Data includes specialty, emails, phone numbers and addresses.
Marketing Co-Op Program
Where you save will save Marketing Dollars on additional Job Boards.
Sites such as, HEALTHeCAREERS, HospitalJobsOnLine/Nursingjobs.org
GetAMedJob and more
Residency/Fellowship Database
Over 28,000 records for the current year doctors just out of Residency/Fellowship.
85% have school email addresses, Director list included with each specialty.
This database is renewed annually; previous years of this database are also available.
Non-Physician Database
Over 1,260,000 verified Non-Physician Candidates. Data includes specialty, work emails, phone numbers and addresses
Coalition Members
Over 225 Healthcare Agencies, represented by over 600 dedicated Healthcare Recruiters. Exclusive to Healthcare Recruiter Agencies.
For
Healthcare Candidates
Please Contact Me With Job Opportunities That Match My Search Criteria(I understand my information will be held confidentially within NCHCR)
For
Healthcare Recruiters
I'm Interested In Becoming A Member
Links
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home Office
Main Street,
Washington, WV 26181
304-699-5426
Texas Office
Main Street,
Arlington, TX 76010
817-277-1763
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
×
lblModalMsgHeader
lblModalMsgDetails
Close
×
lblModalYesNoHeader
lblModalYesNoDetails