http://www.lifelinescreening.com/help-center/contact-us
Contact UsWe want to hear from you! Customer feedback and questions are always welcome. Fill out the form below or call us toll-free at 1-800-718-0961.
In reaction to COVID-19, as you probably are aware, we are experiencing high call volume.
If you are wondering whether your screening event is still on, we are in the process of reaching out to customers directly if your screening has been postponed or rescheduled. Thanks in advance for your understanding and patience.
Corporate Headquarters
Life Line Screening
Barton Oaks Plaza 2, Suite 130
901 South Mopac Expressway
Austin, TX 78746
Call Us At
866.895.3370
We Are Available
Monday-Friday 7:30am - 9:00pm (EST)
Saturday-Sunday 9:00am - 5:30pm (EST)
Comments? Questions? Let us know.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Address 1
Address 2
City
Zip Code
Thank you for taking the time to contact us. We will respond to your message within 48-72 hours.
I am a
Screening Participant
Healthcare professional
Community organization rep
HR Manager
Prospective Employee
Other
I would like to
Locate a screening nearby
Schedule a screening
Confirm an existing appointment
Get directions to a screening location
Change a screening time/day
Learn how to prepare for screenings
Learn about my screening results
Make a payment
Purchase a gift certificate
Request a receipt
Update contact information
Remove my address from mailing list or email list
Submit a personal story
Host a workshop or educational seminar
Learn more about partnership opportunities
Get more information about Life Line Screening
Other
Comments
Your contact information has been submitted!
There was an error submitting your contact information.
Interested in Becoming a Partner?Hospitals and businesses nationwide partner with Life Line Screening to bring state of the art screening services to their patients and employees. Hospitals get higher visibility in the community, and businesses provide their employees with actionable data to improve productivity and drive down health care costs.Become A Partner