http://www.drpaulcrowe.com/privacy-policy/
Birmingham Fibroid Clinic
0121 448 1502
Home
Radiology & Scanning
Ultrasound scanning
CT Scanning
MRI Scanning
Open MRI
Interventional Radiology
Uterine Artery Embolisation for Fibroids
MRI Guided Focused Ultrasound
Pelvic Congestion Syndrome
Varicocele Embolisation
Peripheral Vascular Disease
Carotid Artery Disease
Conditions Treated
Uterine Fibroids
Adenomyosis
Pelvic Congestion Syndrome
Varicocele
Vascular Disease
Locations
Downloads
Testimonials
News
Funding
Overseas Patients
Contact
Patients
GP/Consultant
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Data Protection
Dr. Paul Crowe does not actively collect personal data about you if you visit the drpaulcrowe.com website unless you make such information available voluntarily, e.g. via e-mail. By no means will your personal data be forwarded to third parties without your explicit approval.
Non Personal Data
Non personal information and data, e.g. the exact time of your connection with the website and the type of browser used is collected fully automatically by the common working process of the internet services of drpaulcrowe.com. This information is used in order to create statistics and to measure the activities on the website with the goal of increasing the user friendliness of the site.
Personal Data
In certain cases, Dr. Paul Crowe, his secretary or hospitals in which he practices will ask you for personal information in order to offer you a service or be able to contact you. In the case that such information is stored, you will be informed about the intended use. To make an appointment you will be asked for basic contact information e.g. your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. Dr. Crowe is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office for data protection purposes.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to record the preferences of visitors, to enable optimisation of the design of the site. Cookies are small files which are stored on your hard drive. They ease navigation, and increase the user-friendliness of a web site. Cookies also help to identify the most popular sections of the web site. This enables us to provide content that is more accurately suited to your needs, and in so doing improve our service. Cookies can be used to determine whether there has been any contact between us and your computer in the past. Only the cookie on your computer is identified. Personal details can be saved in cookies, provided that you have consented to this, for example, in order to facilitate secure online access so that you not need to enter your user ID and password again. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your hard drive by setting your browser to not accept cookies. The exact instructions for this can be found in the manual for your browser. You can delete cookies already on your hard drive at any time. If you choose not to accept cookies, you can still visit our website, however this may result in a reduced availability of the services provided by our web site.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of anonymous data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Safety
Your data is password protected on all systems in which they are stored. The persons who have access to this data are strictly prohibited from forwarding your data to third parties.
Twitter Feed
Good work, equally applicable to interventional radiology. We should all embrace the aviation concept of the “steri… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Via Twitter for iPhone
I am running for Safety & Quality Committee position this year, Grateful for votes from any of my BSIR colleagues.… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Via Twitter for iPhone
Now who would like to sign up to be a paramedic? ................Jet suit trial for Great North Air Ambulance param… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Via Twitter for iPhone
A great mind who brought us not only Gore-Tex anoraks but materials and technology that led to a whole array of med… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Via Twitter for iPhone
London Euston @NetworkRailEUS at 8:50 Friday morning, two @AvantiWestCoast trains just arrived in. Not many going b… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Via Twitter for iPhone
Follow @drpaulcrowe
Social Media
Follow me on Twitter
Connect with us
Newsletter Signup
Medico Legal
Media Consultancy
Disclaimer
Information for GPs
Links
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020 Dr. Paul Crowe