http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/assistive-listening-devices/alerting-devices
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
44
www.HealthyHearing.com
image of Sonic Alert vibrating alarm clock
Prior to the modern age, people with hearing loss sometimes had to rely on others for their safety and connectivity to the rest of the world. Thankfully, as technology has rapidly evolved, so too have devices that help people with hearing loss live more independent lives.
Today there are assistive listening devices, hearing aids, FM systems, infrared systems, captioning and amplification devices that help people communicate with others, hear the sounds of everyday life and enjoy entertainment when they otherwise would have a difficult time due to hearing loss and hearing impairment.
Hearing loss safety
Sonic Alert has an extra loud alarm
and a vibrating bed shaker.
Alerting devices can help people stay connected and safe every day and in emergency situations. They use one or more of these types of signals:
Visual - a flashing light
Vibrotactile - a vibrating component
Auditory - increased amplification and use of lower frequency sounds
Alarm clocks for the hearing impaired
Hearing a standard alarm clock can be a challenge for people with hearing loss. Specially-designed alarm clocks for people who have hearing loss come in many forms, including those that have built-in strobe lights or bed-shakers and those that have an outlet where you can plug in a vibrating alert, or a lamp to wake you up each morning.
Smoke, fire and carbon monoxide detectors
Some of these devices are sold separately while others are part of a combination fire and carbon monoxide detection system. Many have extra loud alarms as well as flashing strobe lights, depending on your need. There are also bed-vibrating fire alarms that have a component that goes under your pillow or mattress—depending on its strength—and alerts you to a fire by shaking you awake.
There are also alerting devices with technology that detects the pitch of your existing smoke detector and respond with a much louder, lower-pitched sound that is more likely to wake you. Some devices shake you awake while the digital display turns orange and says "FIRE."
Doorbell signalers
There are doorbell signalers which work with or without an existing doorbell to make sure you know when someone is at the door. There are also security signalers that alert you if a door or window is opened in your home. Door signalers can range from a simple flashing strobe light to a system connected to your phone or one with its very own receiver. There are some that you keep in a central location in your home and they alert you, through a message and/or a flashing light when you're receiving a phone call or someone is ringing the doorbell.
Phone signalers
The popular Sonic Alert clock wakes by
using a vibrating device.
Phone signalers either plug directly into the outlet and phone line or are attached to the side of a phone to pick up the sound directly. However, with the prevalence of cell phones today, there are more unique, discreet and advanced options on the market than ever before.
Newest phone technology
Most recently, tech companies have come up with discreet, modern and even high-style bracelets and smartwatches that alert people when their cell phone is ringing. Even people without hearing loss can benefit from this, such as when your cell phone is on silent or tucked away in a purse or bag, but people with hearing loss can especially benefit since they often don't hear their phones ringing.
Smartwatches can vibrate to alert you to incoming calls.
Baby cry signalers
Regular baby monitors often do not generate enough sound for people with hearing loss to determine if their babies are crying. But manufacturers now make transmitters and receivers specifically meant to detect a baby's crying and transmit it to a central alert system.
Weather alerts
Sometimes, people with hearing loss do not know about a dangerous storm because they cannot hear the rumble of thunder or crack of lightning. Additionally, some people don't watch TV or listen to the radio. In these cases, weather alerts can give warning about impending storms or other disastrous weather situations on the horizon. A weather alert radio can be used by itself or with other alerting accessories, such as strobes or bed-shakers, depending on your needs and preferences.
Other alerting devices
There are some devices that alert you to any noise or movement, depending on what you need them for. Some are centrally located in your home, while others can be worn like a pager. Others will alert you to whatever you program them for, including the phone ringing, the doorbell sounding, a baby's cry or wherever else you have transmitters located in your environment. There are also devices that are specifically for motion detection.
As technology advances and more attention is given to the rising numbers of people living with hearing loss, it's likely that these alerting and signaling devices will greatly advance and include sleeker or artistically inspired options that also have high function and accuracy.
Ask a hearing healthcare professional in your area for assistance finding alerting devices that will meet your needs.
Susanne Jones, BC-HIS, customer support manager, Healthy Hearing
Susanne Jones holds a bachelor’s degree in communications from Bradley University and is board certified in hearing instrument sciences. Susanne enjoys helping hearing care practitioners across the country provide quality care to people with hearing loss.
Read more about Susanne.
You are reading about:
Assistive listening devices / Alerting devices
Related topics
Amplified phones Captioned phones Hearing aid compatible phones TV hearing aid and listening devices FM systems
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
New device helps hearing-impaired feel sounds in their environment
Universal signs for hearing loss
Living with mild hearing loss
Tips for traveling with hearing loss
Healthy Hearing conversation | Dr. Phyllis Stern-Weisman
Americans with Disabilities Act: Rights for those with hearing loss
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Assistive listening devices
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!