https://www.epilepsyqueensland.com.au/about-us/epilepsy-queensland/legal-status/terms-of-use-and-disclaimer
About Epilepsy
Epilepsy
What is Epilepsy?
Facts about Epilepsy
New Epilepsy Diagnosis
SUDEP
Glossary of Terms Explained
Frequently asked questions – FAQs
Seizure Types
What is a Seizure?
What are the Different Types of Seizures?
Febrile Seizures
Seizure First Aid
Epilepsy Management Plan
Emergency Management Plan
Seizure First Aid Resources
Seizure Smart September awareness tokens
First Aid for Seizures in Water
First Aid for Seizures in Chair
Status Epilepticus
Epilepsy Treatment
Epilepsy Medications
Epilepsy Surgery
Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) Therapy
Epilepsy Dietary Therapy
Medicinal Cannabis
Epilepsy Syndromes
Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Doose Syndrome
Dravet Syndrome
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy (JME)
Photosensitive Epilepsy
Other Epilepsy Syndromes
Functional Neurological Disorder
Living Well
Seizure Triggers
Epilepsy Risk Management
Documentation of Seizures
Aids and Equipment
Transport and Driving Guidelines
What to Take to Your Neurologist Appointment
Epilepsy and employment
For Children
For Teenagers
Women and Epilepsy
Epilepsy and Older People
Our Services
Information
Support
Epilepsy Support Groups
Advocacy
Education and Training
Epilepsy Workshops
Online Training
Online Learning Modules
Epilepsy Helpline
Seminars
NDIS
About the NDIS
EQI and the NDIS
NDIS Pre-planning Support
NDIS Resources
Assistive Technology (AT) Assessments
Children’s Program
Little Poss Club
Educational Resources
Epilepsy Smart Schools
Books
And Down Went Poss by Anne Little
Poss’s School Days by Anne Little
Lucy’s First Disco by Robin Adolphs
Out of the Shadows by Neil Cadigan and Wally Lewis
Research
The Australian Pregnancy Register
Get Involved
What’s On
Donate or Fundraise
Support our Christmas Appeal
Other Ways to Give and Make a Difference
Bequests
Corporate Partnerships
Workplace Giving
Play for Purpose Lottery
Become a Member
Membership Form
Purple Day
Purple Day Celebration and Illuminations
Our Retail Range
Pharmacies and Businesses
Schools
Purple Recipes
Volunteer
Online Shop
About Us
About Epilepsy Queensland
Mission, Goals and Values
Customer Service Charter
Our Strategic Priorities
Our Constitution
Our History
Quality Management System and Certification
Annual Reports
Government Funding
Our People
Our Patron – Wally Lewis
Our Board
Our Team
Careers at Epilepsy Queensland
Legal Status
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Feedback
News
Coronavirus and Epilepsy
Community Awareness
Latest news and information
Media Releases
Publications
Share Your Story
Personal Stories
Jeska’s Epilepsy Story
Jaz’s Epilepsy Story
Rhyannan’s Epilepsy Story
Roger’s Epilepsy Story
Subscribe
Contact Us
About UsAbout Epilepsy QueenslandLegal StatusTerms of Use and Disclaimer
Website Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Disclaimer
The Terms of Use and Disclaimer outlines the rules and regulations for the use of Epilepsy Queensland’s website, located at https://www.epilepsyqueensland.com.au.
Any copy of information or images from this website must be for personal, non-commercial use only, and must credit us as the source of the information.
Permission to use information and images on this website should be sought by emailing epilepsy@epilepsyqueensland.com.au.
You must not use information or materials from this website for commercial purposes without our permission.
Information on this website is for information purposes only. Epilepsy Queensland Inc (EQI) does not provide medical services or advice. You should consult an appropriate specialist for advice about your medical condition and its treatment. Do not make any changes to your treatment without seeking advice from your doctor.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing Epilepsy Queensland, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the Epilepsy Queensland’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Epilepsy Queensland and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Epilepsy Queensland. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from Epilepsy Queensland for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from Epilepsy Queensland
sell, rent or sub-license material from Epilepsy Queensland
reproduce, duplicate or copy material from Epilepsy Queensland
redistribute content from Epilepsy Queensland
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
EQI does not provide legal services or advice.
We are not liable for the results of any action you take based on the information on this web site.
Every reasonable effort has been taken by EQI to ensure that the information provided is accurate, but no responsibility can be taken for errors or omissions.
The opinions that appear on this website do not necessarily reflect those of EQI, our policies, or constitute recommendations. We don’t recommend any of the products that appear on this site. Similarly, links to other related sites do not constitute a recommendation or endorsement of the service or information.
Social media and forums
The purpose of our social media engagement is to improve the quality of life of people with epilepsy and their carers/families through support, information, education, community awareness, advocacy and research.
We value authentic and genuine participation in our online communities.
We encourage conversation and even debate of issues that matter to you and request that you do this respectfully.
We encourage you to share your insights, your experiences and the resources you have found useful. However as epilepsy is different for each individual, any advice regarding the treatment of epilepsy should be sought from treating health professionals.
Content determined to be inappropriate, in poor taste, or otherwise contrary to the purposes of our communities will be deleted.
Bullying, trolling, or abuse will not be tolerated. No warnings will be given, comments of this nature will be deleted and people engaging in this behaviour will be blocked. This includes defamatory comments.
Promotion of products for commercial gain or business promotion is not appropriate in our online communities. These posts will be deleted. If it occurs more than once, the person or page will be blocked.
What you can expect from us
We will share credible and useful information, education and resources.
Our social media sites and office will be monitored during business hours.
We aim to respond to questions and comments (where relevant) within 24 business hours.
If you are a Queensland resident and need to discuss your epilepsy and would like to talk to one of our Client Services Team, please call us on (07) 3435 5000.
If you need to speak with someone urgently outside business hours, please contact Lifeline or Beyond Blue.
If you are experiencing a medical emergency – please phone an ambulance or proceed to your nearest hospital.
Copyright
© 2020 Epilepsy Queensland Inc, Brisbane Australia. All rights reserved.