http://www.medtronic-diabetes.co.uk/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Advance Search TipsSearch
Menu
Life with DiabetesAbout DiabetesWhat is Continous Glucose Monitoring?
Insulin Pump Therapy
Life with DiabetesNewly diagnosed
My child has diabetes
Pregnancy planning
Reducing complications
Life with a pump Diabetes and exercise
Diabetes and alcohol
Diabetes and travel
Diabetes and eating
Our Therapies and ProductsInsulin Pump TherapyNEW MiniMed™ 780G System
MiniMed™ 670G SystemSmartGuard™ Automation
MiniMed™ 640G System
Insulin Pump TherapyWhat is SmartGuard™ Technology?
Infusion Sets
Frequency of change
Reservoirs
MiniMed™ Paradigm™ Veo™ Insulin Pump
Continous Glucose MonitoringCONTOUR® Next Link 2.4 Glucose Meter
Guardian™ 2 Link with Enlite™ Sensor
Guardian™ Link 3 with Guardian™ Sensor 3
Self-funding CGM
AccessoriesMiniMed™ Insulin Pump Accessories
i-Port Advance™ Injection Port
Software
Guardian™ Connect
Carelink™
Support and Online ServicesWeCare - Discover all our services
SUPPORT SECTIONSFrequently Asked Questions
Guides and Manuals
Alerts and Alarms Glossary
General Diabetes Education
OTHER UTILITIESCareLink personal uploader
Restock in eShop
Contact
News
eShop
Patient accessCareLink™
Customer registration
My WeCare
Health Care Professionals
Cookie policy
This Cookie Policy provides information on how cookies and similar technologies are used on this Medtronic website and associated mobile sites, applications (“apps”), electronic newsletters or widgets that link to this Cookie Policy, so that you can make an informed choice about your acceptance of cookies.
Cookie policy
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed and stored on your computer, smartphone or other device or internet browser by websites or apps that you visit. Cookies allow small amounts of information about your device to be passed to our web server. They allow websites to recognize your computer, smartphone, tablet or other device as your browse. Web beacons, pixels, JavaScript, and other tracking technologies also utilize cookies and or use invisible images or code to gather information about a visitor session in a manner similar to cookies. Depending on how long a cookie remains in place we can describe cookies as either session cookies or persistent cookies:
SESSION COOKIES
A session cookie is deleted when you close the relevant website. A session cookie may allow a website to remember you while you are browsing the site but the cookie will be removed when you log out or close the webpage or your internet browser. For example, a session cookie may be used to allow features such as shopping carts to remember if you have added an item to your cart while you browse for other items you wish to purchase on the website.
PERSISTENT COOKIES
A persistent cookie remembers you for a particular period of time. It remains stored on your device or internet browser for that time (it could be minutes, days or months) after you have logged out or closed your browser. For example, persistent cookies may be used to remember if you have selected certain preferences on a website (e.g. your language selection).
HOW DOES MEDTRONIC USE COOKIES?
Medtronic uses both session and persistent cookies. Cookies and other similar technologies are used by Medtronic for several different reasons. Cookies are sometimes necessary for our website to operate correctly and enable functionality such as shopping carts and secure log-ins to work properly. Cookies allow us to count the visitors to our website and learn how they use our website and its features, enabling us to continually improve the experience. Cookies may also allow us to tailor the content of a website to your preferences. For details on the cookies used by Medtronic, please see below.
COOKIES WE USE
The cookies that may be used by Medtronic can be categorized as follows:
STRICTLY NECESSARY OR ESSENTIAL COOKIES
These cookies are needed to ensure that this website operates correctly and securely, enabling you to move around the website, use its features, and record your preference regarding our use of cookies on your device. Without these cookies, certain functionality (such as log-in to access controlled sections of the website, or to enable an online shopping cart to keep track of items for purchase) would not be available and you would be unable to make use of certain services offered by the website. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes, and they are not used to generally monitor your activity on the internet.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
These cookies allow a website to remember the options you have selected (including user role authentication, acceptance disclaimers, and language), your username if relevant, and any customization you have made (such as to font size) or personalization options as part of your online experience. They may also be used to provide certain services that you can make use of, such as video content or allowing comments to be left on a blog. We may use multimedia players such as Adobe Flash Player or FlowPlayer to deliver special content, such as video clips or animation. In that case local shared objects (known as “Flash Cookies”) are used to recognize your device in order to provide functions such as remembering your player settings and preferences. Similarly, we may embed content on the website from our official YouTube channel which, if clicked on, will result in cookies being set on your device by YouTube.
ANALYTICS/PERFORMANCE COOKIES
These cookies are used to manage and improve how the website works and can help us to identify issues you may have with using our online services. These cookies may be used to facilitate online surveys, record visitor numbers and other web analytics metrics. These cookies are not used to target you with online advertising. Without these cookies we will have limited information on how our website is performing and will be less able to make relevant improvements to the browsing experience. Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics data retention periods are set at 25 months as a standard.
MARKETING, SOCIAL MEDIA CONTENT SHARING COOKIES
Our website may include integrated link that allows you to log into your social media account to share content or comments. The social sharing cookies for AddThis and similar services may use cookies to identify you as a member of the social media network in question.
MARKETING, ANONYMOUS CROSS SITE TRACKING COOKIES
These cookies are used to track our visitors across different Medtronic websites. They can be used to build up a profile of search and content browsing or consumption history for visitors to our sites. Identifiable or unique data may be collected. These cookies can be used to personalize suggestions for recommended content or items when shopping online, to confirm if advertisements have been clicked on, and to track what external content (e.g. YouTube videos) have been viewed. Anonymized data may be shared with third parties.
MARKETING, THIRD PARTY TARGETED ADVERTISING COOKIES
These cookies allow browsing habits and activity to be monitored to enable personalized marketing content to be shown by third parties. Third party cookies and similar technologies such as pixels, allow analytics providers, ad networks, social media providers and advertisers to track your online activities over time for such purposes as behavioral advertising, analytics and market research. Personally identifiable information may be collected and used to display targeted advertising.
MARKETING, COOKIES IN EMAILS
As well as the cookies we use on our website, we use cookies and similar technologies in emails. These help us to understand whether you’ve opened an email and how you’ve interacted with it. Cookies may also be set if you click on a link within the email and interact with pages on our website.
DETAILS OF COOKIES THAT MAY BE USED
TYPE OF COOKIE
COOKIE
PURPOSE
DURATION
Strictly Necessary or Essential
SMSession, JSESSIONID, SessionID
User Input Cookie (for registration and/or login input forms)
Session cookies or persistent cookies limited to a few hours in some cases
Strictly Necessary or Essential
New user; User
Used for authenticated services.
Session cookies
Strictly Necessary or Essential
Adobe Tag Manager (DTM); sat_Track, Google Tag Manager (GTM)
Used to control the placement of cookies for analytics tracking on site per opt in and preferences for cookies on your device
Session cookies and persistent cookies
Functionality
isMobile, isIPad, CSSCookie
Allows customization of display depending on device used.
Persistent cookies
Functionality: Multimedia content or video player session cookies
Adobe Target (Mbox), YouTube, Embed-player, Html5player
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. In addition, we may use a flash video player and FlowPlayer.
Session cookies
Analytics/Performance
Google Analytics
First party and third party analytics cookies are issued by the website domain that is being visited. They are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile web and mobile traffic reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come from before visiting the website as well as the pages they visited.
Session cookies and persistent cookies
Analytics/Performance
Adobe SiteCatalyst Analytics
First party and third party analytics cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. Third party cookies are set by analytics SaaS websites that belong to a domain that is different and distinct from the domain of the website visited by the user as displayed in the browser address bar.
Session cookies and persistent cookies
Analytics/Performance
Dynatrace
Third party cookies and trackers use for monitoring application performance and operational statistics.
Session cookies or persistent cookies
Marketing, Social Media Content Sharing
Twitter.com, Facebook.com, Addthis.com
Allows logged in member of a social network to choose to share content.
Session cookies and persistent cookies
Marketing, Anonymous Cross Site Tracking
Google Analytics Audiences, Adobe Target Experience Targeting & Personalization,YouTube API Tracking
These cookies can be used to personalize suggestions for recommended content to be served or items when shopping online, to confirm if advertisements have been clicked on, and to track what external content (e.g. YouTube videos) have been viewed.
Session cookies or persistent cookies
Marketing, Third Party Targeted Advertising
Adroll.com Doubleclick.net
Googleads.g.doubleclick.net
Demandbase
BrightFunnel
Terminus
Facebook
Amazon
Google Search Adwords
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Twitter
Mathtag
ADNXS
Adserver.org
TAPAd
Third party advertising cookies are cookies that are set by websites that belong to a domain that is different and distinct from the domain of the website visited by the user as displayed in the browser address bar.
Session cookies and persistent cookies
Marketing, Cookies in Emails
Eloqua, SalesForce Marketing Cloud, Marketo
Third party image pixels or cookies that help us to understand whether an email recipient opened an email and how you’ve interacted with it. Cookies may also be set if you click on a link within the email.
Session cookies and persistent cookies
PRIVACY AND COOKIES – YOUR PERSONAL DATA
YOUR CHOICES/HOW YOU CAN CONTROL COOKIES
You have several options for controlling how cookies are used on your device or browser. You can opt to receive a notification when cookies are set, you can delete cookies that have already been set, and you can choose to refuse all or certain cookies. For further details on the options available visit www.allaboutcookies.org or http://cookiepedia.co.uk/how-to-manage-cookies. Please note that if you make updates to your browser or device settings, or use an online link to opt out of cookies, those updates only apply to the device where you made the changes. If you disable or block all cookies, then the relevant Medtronic website will not work effectively. In addition, disabling or blocking certain cookies may mean that some features offered by Medtronic may not operate as intended, or you may not have access to certain features or personalization settings.
BROWSER SETTINGS
Most browser settings allow you to adjust your settings to receive a notification when a cookie is being set or updated, or can restrict or block certain types or all cookies. For more information please consult the “Help” section of your browser.
DEVICE SETTINGS
Your device settings may also allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple or Google) from sharing with Medtronic certain information obtained by automated means.
OPTING OUT OF SPECIFIC COOKIES
You may also opt out of specific cookies directly with the provider of the cookie. For more details, please follow the links below:
ANALYTICS/PERFORMANCE:
Adobe Analytics:  http://www.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html
Google Analytics: https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html
MULTIMEDIA/FLASH/VIDEO PLAYER
FlowPlayer:  https://flowplayer.com/privacy-policy
Flash Player: http://www.adobe.com/security/flashplayer
Youtube: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
SOCIAL MEDIA CONTENT SHARING
Facebook Social Plugin: http://www.facebook.com/help/www/443483272359009
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Google Plus: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy
CONTACT US
If, at any time, you have requests or queries concerning this policy please contact us at: rs.globaldataprivacyoffice@medtronic.com.
EFFECTIVE DATE AND CHANGES
This version of the cookie policy is effective as of May 25, 2018. We may update this Cookie policy from time to time.