http://www.huntercombe.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Search by Location, Service or Condition
Privacy PolicyCookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This policy outlines how The Huntercombe Group (“THG”) uses and protects any personal information about you during the enquiry process.
The information we collect and use
When you submit an enquiry or contact form, or phone one of the numbers on our website, we will begin processing the personal data that you provide to us. We will also process any personal data that you provide to us during followup contact.
If you, or your relative, come into one of our services, your personal data will be processed in accordance with GDPR. If you enter the recruitment process, your personal data will be processed in accordance with GDPR.
How we use the information
If you, or your relative, are interested in one of our services, we will use the information you provide on the form to put you in contact with the appropriate service.
If you are enquiring about working for The Huntercombe Group, we will use the information to direct you to the appropriate information about recruitment.
If you have given us permission to contact you by email, we may follow up the initial contact with further emails about using our services or working for Huntercombe. This is known as direct marketing. You can ask us to stop sending direct marketing materials at any time.
We will also use the information you supply to generate statistics. These statistics are used internally for management forecasting. Your identity will not be included when statistics are reported.
Who we share information with
We will share your personal information with other companies within our Group, and agencies with statutory powers, such as regulators and the police if required.
Your information will also be shared with suppliers that process information on our behalf. We only share information with suppliers that have satisfied us that they will manage information properly.
Lawful basis for processing
Your consent is our lawful basis for processing personal data gathered through enquiries. You can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing directly on direct marketing emails or by contacting the Marketing Department or the service involved. If you withdraw your consent, your information will be removed from our marketing lists and you will receive no further communications from us.
Automated decision making
We do not undertake any automated decision-making. We often use computers to help us manage parts of our business, but a human will always make any decisions that have an impact on individuals.
How long we keep information
Your enquiry will stay live on our system until it is resolved. We will keep statistical information that does not identify you indefinitely.
Your rights
You have certain rights over your information. These are:
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object;
and rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling. You can find out more about your rights at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/ (external site)
Amendments to our Privacy Policy
The Huntercombe Group may amend this policy from time to time. All future updates will be contained within this page.
Queries or concerns
The Huntercombe Group is the data controller for personal information processed by THG or processed on our behalf by other organisations. If you have a query or concern about how we use your information, you can speak to THG’s Data Protection Officer (dpo@huntercombe.com). You also have the right to refer the matter to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk).
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. You can read more here.
AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.