http://www.esgo.org/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Website Terms of Use
The website terms and conditions, together with the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") set out the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.esgo.org (the "Site"), whether as a guest or a registered user ("Member").
Please read the Terms carefully. ESGO provides the Website to you, your employees, agents, students, trainees, and contractors, and any other entity on whose behalf you accept the Terms (collectively “You”), subject to the Terms. The Terms are entered into by and between you and ESGO, and you accept them by using the Website in any manner and/or by otherwise acknowledging your agreement with the Terms. If you do not agree to all of the Terms, please do not use the Website.
About Us
www.esgo.org is a Site operated by the European Society of Gynaecological Oncology (ESGO, we or us). ESGO registered office is at:
7, Rue Francois Versonnex
Geneva 1207, Switzerland
Access to our Website
Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our Site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our Site, or our entire Site, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any username or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights contained within our Site, and in the material published on it. These works are protected by intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, copyright, trade mark rights and database rights. All such rights are reserved.
You may store on your personal computer or print copies of extracts from these pages for your personal and non-commercial use only but our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our Site must always be acknowledged. You may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our Site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. You must not use any part of the materials on our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. Any unauthorised use of the materials contained on the Site may constitute intellectual property infringement.
You may not "mirror" or cache information provided on this website without prior written permission from ESGO.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our Site in breach of these Website Terms, your right to use our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Revisions
We may revise the Website Terms at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our Site.
We aim to update our Site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our Site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Contact
For any information, comments or questions not covered in any of these Terms & Conditions please contact us at adminoffice@esgomail.org
Reliance on Information Posted
Every effort has been made to ensure that information supplied on this Site is accurate, but ESGO cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions therein, nor for the consequences of these or for any loss or damage suffered by users of any of the information published on any of these pages. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Furthermore, whilst ESGO endeavours to keep the Site up to date, information published may be out of date and readers should check with adminoffice@esgomail.org before relying on this information.
Liability
The material displayed on our Site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE EUROPEAN SOCIETY OF GYNAECOLOGICAL ONCOLOGY OR ANY AFFILIATED STAFF OR PARTNERS OR WEB SITE CONTRIBUTORS, BE LIABLE TO YOU, AS A WEB SITE VISITOR OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR BODY, FOR ANY DECISION TAKEN OR ACTED UPON AS A RESULT OF RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION OR PHILOSOPHIES CONTAINED OR EXPRESSED WITHIN THE ESGO WEBSITE. YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER ESGO NOR ANY AFFILIATED STAFF OR PARTNERS OR WEB SITE CONTRIBUTORS, WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LACK OF FUNCTION OR DAMAGE TO A DEVICE, SOFTWARE OR OTHER PROPERTY THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ASSOCIATED PROGRAMMES, OR THE DOWNLOAD, INSTALLATION, UPDATING OR DESINSTALLATION OF SOFTWARE ASSOCIATED WITH ESGO, NOR LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR DAMAGE TO HEALTH), OR LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF PROFIT, EVEN IF THE ESGO OR ANY AFFILIATED STAFF OR WEB SITE CONTRIBUTORS, HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS.
Viruses, Hacking and Other Offences
You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Site. You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Links to Our Site
Other organizations are permitted to link to the our home page (www.esgo.org) without seeking specific permission provided it is done in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, and is not defamatory. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our Site must not be framed on any other Site. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of material on our Site other than that set out above, please address your request to adminoffice@esgomail.org
Links from Our Site
Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The Swiss courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Site.
These Website Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Switzerland.
Your Concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our Site, please contact adminoffice@esgomail.org
Thank you for visiting our Site.
European Society of Gynaecological Oncology
The European Society of Gynaecological Oncology (ESGO) is the leading European organisation with more than 2,500 professionals involved in treatment, care and research of gynaecologic cancers.
Contact us
Explore
ESGO
eAcademy
Journal
Attend
ESGO Congress
SoA Conference
Meetings Calendar
Network
Networks
ENYGO
ENGOT
Join
Become a Member
myESGO
Members Directory
News Updates
Get notified on all of ESGO’s news and activities.
Sign-up Now!