http://www.stevedds.com/privacy-policy/
Minimally Invasive Laser Dentistry
Privacy Policy of stevedds.com
This privacy policy for stevedds.com has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
What personal information does Steven K. Meyers DDS collect from the people that visit stevedds.com?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other details to help you with your experience.
How does stevedds.com use your information?
stevedds.com may use the information collected from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, stevedds.com uses cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
stevedds.com uses cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
Third-party disclosure
stevedds.com does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
stevedds.com does not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
stevedds.com does not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
stevedds.com also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM stevedds.com agrees to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Steven K. Meyers DDS Newsletter
We have a monthly tooth and gum health newsletter.
©2020 stevedds.com - Steven K. Meyers DDS :: Privacy Policy :: December 11, 2020