http://www.allaboutbleeding.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
)
Hereditary Bleeding Disorders
CSL Behring
For Patients
Find Your Disease
Hereditary Bleeding Disorders
Understanding Hereditary Bleeding Disorders
Bleeding disorders are a group of conditions that result when the blood cannot clot properly. As a result, people with bleeding disorders experience extended bleeding after injury, menstruation, trauma, or surgery, and in many situations depending on the severity, spontaneous bleeding into joints, muscles, or other parts of their bodies.
Improper clotting results from defects in blood components, such as clotting proteins and/or platelets. The body produces 13 different clotting proteins, also called clotting factors. If any of these clotting factors are missing or not working properly, a bleeding disorder can result. Bleeding disorders are quite rare, and some bleeding disorders such as hemophilia, can be congenital (hereditary) or acquired. Congenital bleeding disorders are caused by defects or damage in the genes and are present at birth. They can be inherited or appear due to a genetic mutation. Acquired bleeding disorders are those that develop after birth or spontaneously occur in the individual.
Treatment varies, depending on the condition and its severity. For some bleeding disorders, there are treatments that can be taken at home to prevent or treat bleeds. With appropriate education and treatment, people with bleeding disorders can live full and productive lives.
Over 300,000
people have bleeding disorders
30%
of people with hemophilia have no family history of it
1 in 100
people are born with von Willebrand Disease
How can we help you?
Availability of treatments may vary from country to country. Please be sure to visit your local CSLBehring.com site for further information.
von Willebrand Disease
Von Willebrand Disease (VWD) is a bleeding disorder caused by a deficiency of a protein called von Willebrand Factor. Product websites include:
Humate-P.com (United States)
Learn More
Hemophilia A
Hemophilia A is a bleeding disorder caused by a deficiency in blood clotting Factor VIII. Product websites include:
AFSTYLA.com  (United States)
Humate-P.com (United States)
Beriate.de (Germany)
Learn More
Hemophilia B
Hemophilia B is a bleeding disorder caused by a deficiency in blood clotting Factor IX.
Product websites include:
IDELVION.com (United States)
Learn More
Factor XIII Deficiency
Congenital factor XIII deficiency is a bleeding disorder characterized by unstable blood clots.
Learn More
Factor X Deficiency (Available in Switzerland Only)
Factor X deficiency is a bleeding disorder that can be both inherited or acquired.
Learn More
Fibrinogen Deficiency
Congenital fibrinogen deficiency describes a range of conditions characterized by absent, insufficient or dysfunctional fibrinogen.
Learn More
" You see a regular kid, living a regular life, and that is very rewarding. "
Hector Grisalez, father of Hemophilia A patient Jonathan
Participate in Clinical Trials
Discover what is involved in participating in one of our clinical trials and how you can enroll.
Learn More
Get our latest Vita stories in your inbox
Emailmail@example.comFirst NameFirst nameLast NameLast nameCountryCountry
I would like to subscribe
CAPTCHA
Thanks!
You have now been added
to the CSL Behring Vita list
Search News only
Popular search terms:
Clinical Trials
Careers at CSL
Watch Online: "How It's Made" CSL Behring
Our Products
Corporate
CSL Limited (CSL Behring's Parent Company)
CSL Behring Worldwide
Americas
Argentina
Brazil
Canada
Chile
CSL Behring Global
CSL Plasma - US (CSL Behring Subsidiary)
Mexico
Asia Pacific
Australia
China
Japan
Taiwan
Europe
Austria
Belgium and
Luxembourg
CSL Plasma - Germany (CSL Behring Subsidiary)
CSL Plasma - Hungary (CSL Behring Subsidiary)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Italy
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Russia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies. To learn more about how we use and manage cookies, see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.