https://www.carefirstanimalhospital.com/privacy-policy/
Oberlin (919) 832-3107 ›
Glenwood (919) 783-7387 ›
Tryon (919) 851-7475 ›
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Care First Animal Hospital understands that personal privacy is of utmost importance and all information you provide is confidential. We may collect your Internet Protocol (IP) Address to monitor the quality of website traffic. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. No personally identifiable information will be collected unless you specifically provide it to us, in which case we hold that information in strict confidence.
The information collected will never be shared with any third party organizations unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information. Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on sites across the internet, based on your past visits to our website. We may use this anonymous information for remarketing, to display more relevant ads to you on other websites at a later time. You can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the “Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Page.”
Third parties such as Facebook may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from our website(s) and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. Users can opt-out of the collection used for ad targeting. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information and partnered third party API’s for purposes of contacting you, sending you emails, or targeted ads based on your request for information.
recent
Blog Posts
View All Blog Posts ›
How To Care For Your Senior Pet
Read More ›
Care First Animal Hospital’s New Building
Read More ›
5 Everyday Tips For a Healthy Cat
Read More ›
Companion Stories
Dr. Butler has been caring for our 14 year old Pugsy for over a year. She is the most caring doctor and happy we found her. So blessed to have her taking care of Pugsy to keep him going and keeping him comfortable during his late years.
You guys are the best!
- Jackie H. (Pugsy)
Companion Stories
We’ve been coming here for about seven years, and we feel like they’re our family. Ruby got very, very sick and had to have surgery. We get excellent care here, and also they hold your hand through some tough times. It’s really a wonderful place.
- Linda (Ruby and Harley)
Companion Stories
Wonderful experience. The staff are incredibly professional, caring, and detail oriented. Our daughter's cat is traveling to her overseas and they ensured that the cat was well taken care of, and also researched and ensured all paperwork was filled out and prepared. Thank you very much!
- Jim and Reberta P.
Companion Stories
All of your providers, from the greeting at the front desk all the way to the doctors, are so amazing. Everyone truly cares about my dog's health and well being. I wouldn't trust anyone else with our sweet little guy!
- Alli (Gunner)
Companion Stories
Care First at Glenwood is the BEST! This practice is simply superb- caring & capable! My experience is consistently excellent. Every doctor & staff member I have met has always been top-notch! I consistently recommend Care First to my friends seeking veterinary care for their beloved animals.
- Liz (Macintosh)
Companion Stories
You guys always take such great care of my dogs, thanks SO much. I especially appreciate that you have always been able to fit Jessie into the schedule whenever her skin issues have acted up so much that she needed to be seen.
- Sarah (Jessie)
Companion Stories
Dr. McConnell and team are the best. They have always treated my dogs like family. I would recommend Care First at Tryon to any new pet owner or anyone looking for personalized care.
- Keri (Zoe)
Companion Stories
We had an unusual situation with Rocky and all of the staff couldn't have been more helpful and supportive. I can't think of a single way our experience could have been better.
- Gail S (Rocky)
Companion Stories
My cat is not a fan of going to the vet, but this visit did not seem to bother him at all. I was already very happy with this veterinary practice before this visit, but if possible I think like them even more!
- Jennifer T (Tiger)
Schedule
An Appointment
Preferred Date
Location
Oberlin
Glenwood
Tryon
Email Address
Preferred Time
Morning
Afternoon/Evening
Weekend
Reason For Visit
Wellness Visit
Sick Pet Visit
Re-Check Visit
Physical Therapy
Bathing (Shampoo)
Grooming (Clipping)
Boarding
Family Friendly Dog Training
Phone
Next »