http://www.cornerstoneprograms.com/index.php/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Home
About Us
Facilities and Out Patient Services
Texas
Garza County Regional Juvenile Center
Wyoming
Regional Juvenile Detention Center
Pennsylvania
Cornerstone Philadelphia Reintegration
Careers
Job Listings
Application
Contact Info
Privacy Statement
Cornerstone Program is committed to honoring the privacy of visitors to our website. This privacy statement governs any personal information collected from visitors to cornerstoneprograms.com, cornerstone-swjc.com, and futurescounseling.com.
Information Collection And Use
The Cornerstone Programs website collects information about each visitor to our websites in three ways: (1) through your IP address, which does not contain any personal information, (2) through any email correspondences you send to us, and (3) when you submit information using an online application form on one of our web pages. Cornerstone Programs does not share any of this information with third parties or outside sources, unless as needed to verify a credit card transaction or under a court order.
(1) IP Address
Note: Your IP address does not contain or reveal personal information about you. Information such as your name, address, or phone number cannot be obtained through your IP address alone.
Cornerstone web servers log all Web Site visitors' IP addresses to automatically collect information about usage of the Web Site. This information is collected only to help diagnose problems with our servers, administer our Web Site, track traffic patterns, and identify ways to make our Web Site more useful.  Information is never used to track or monitor individual users.
(2) Email Correspondences
Unless specifically requested, any email messages you send to Cornerstone Programs or to a staff member, including your email address, are kept private and will not be disclosed to third parties.
(3) Application Form
Unless specified by the form, all information submitted using our application forms are kept private and will not be disclosed to third parties.
Links
The Cornerstone Programs web site contains links to other web sites.  Cornerstone Programs is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of sites other than our websites.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy on our Web Site, please contact us at:
Cornerstone Programs9085 East Mineral Circle, Suite 235Centennial, CO 80112
Or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Friday, October 09, 2020
Contact Us
At Cornerstone Programs, your input is essential to our business. If you have any questions or comments regarding our programs or web site, please feel free to contact us.
Headquarters:
8400 E Crescent Parkway 6th Floor Greenwood Village, CO 80111
720.895.1000720.895.8000 fax
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Hours of Operation: Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. MST
Privacy Statement  Sitemap
Outlook Web Mail - Click here
Designed by Garage Art Studio; Copyright 2020
Back to Top