http://www.bigappleskin.com/terms-of-use.html
Due to phone issues, if you can't reach us at 212-751-0577 or 212-751-0157, click here to email us.
Skip to content
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Ask a question
*Required Fields
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC’s web site are provided “as is”. Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC’s Internet site, even if Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC or a Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Judith Hellman M.D. PLLC’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
PRIVACY POLICY
By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to protecting your privacy
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
Information Collected
We may collect any or all of the information that you give us depending on the type of transaction you enter into, including your name, address, telephone number, fax number and email address, together with data about your use of the website. Other information that may be needed from time to time to process a request may also be collected as indicated on the website.
Information Use
We use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorized access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
Cookies
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files- “cookies” – that hold information which allows a website to recognize your account. Our website takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience. You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired.
Disclosing Information
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties except when we need to do so. We may also use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our business. You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device. If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose information collected on this website to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent. We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties – for example, the number of individuals visiting our website or completing a registration form, but we will not use any information that could identify those individuals.
Accessibility on this Website
We are committed to making the information on this website compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requirements.
If you experience any difficulty in accessing information on the www.bigappleskin.com website, please give us a call at (212) 751-0577 during regular business hours. If you have any suggestions regarding accessibility on this website, please contact us providing a detailed description of the feature that you are having issues accessing.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please contact us. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details fromm any list under our control.
Schedule A Consultation
For further assistance regarding any of our procedures,
Call Us Today (212) 751-0577
Home
About Us
About Dr. Hellman
About Dr. Kofinas
About Dr. Li
About Dr. Lieberman
Patient Stories
COVID-19 Safety Response
Common Conditions
Acne
Acne scars
Brown Spots & Melasma
Drooping Brows
Droopy Eyelid Repair
Large Pores
Lip Enhancement
Rosacea & Facial Veins
Sagging Skin/Skin Tightening
Stretch Marks
Turkey Neck
Scars
Vitiligo Treatment
Wrinkle Solutions
Procedures
Cosmetic Dermatology
Acne Scars
AquaGold Fine Touch
BOTOX®
BELLAFILL®
Double Chin Removal
Droopy Eyelid Repair
Glycolic Peels
Lip Enhancement
Microdermabrasion
Non-Surgical Brow Lift
Non-Surgical Neck Lift
Non-Surgical Dark Circles Improvement
Non-Surgical Nose Job
PAINLESS TREATMENTS WITH PRO-NOX
Radiesse®
Restylane® & Perlane®
Volbella®
Laser Treatments
Evoke – Facial Remodeling
Affirm Multiplex
Age Spots
BodyFx
BODYFX VS. COOLSCULPTING
C02 Laser Resurfacing
Fractora RF
FotoFacial RF
Forma Skin Tightening
Laser for Acne
Laser Facial for Wrinkles
Laser Hair Removal
Lumecca IPL
MORPHEUS8
Pulse Dye Laser for Rosacea
Refirme ST
SculpSure
Tattoo Removal
VAGINAL REJUVENATION
Vivace vs Morpheus8
Medical Treatments
Acne
Cysts
Eczema and Allergic Reactions
Skin Cancer
Skin Tags and Other Benign Moles
Other Skin Conditions
Warts
PHOTO GALLERY
Cosmetic Dermatology
Acne & Acne Scars
Aging Hands
Brown Spots
Botox & Dysport
Crow’s Feet
Large Pores
Lip Enhancement
Melasma
Non-Surgical Neck Lift
Radiesse
Restylane & Perlane
Rosacea
Under Eye Bags
JUVEDERM
Laser & Light
Vaginal Rejuvenation
Double Chin Removal
FotoFacial RF
Fractora RF
Laser Hair Removal
Leg Veins Removal
Non-Surgical Fat Reduction
Red Spots
Skin Tightening
Stretch Marks
Tattoo Removal
CO2 Laser Resurfacing
Medical Treatments
Scar Removal
Skin Tag
Warts
In The Media
Products
Patient Info
CONTACT