http://www.stammering.org/legal-disclaimer/helpline-privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Legal & Disclaimer
Helpline Privacy Policy
The British Stammering Association, trading as Stamma, is committed to safeguarding your privacy rights and ensuring that your personal data is protected. This Privacy Policy explains our use of your personal data when you use our telephone helpline (the “Helpline”). It also explains your rights and options around how we use your personal data.
WHO WE ARE
In this Privacy Policy 'BSA', 'we', 'us' or 'our' means: British Stammering Association t/a Stamma (registered charity in England & Wales, 1089967 and Scotland, SC038866). BSA is the controller of your personal data and our contact details are set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. Please ensure that you provide a copy of this Privacy Policy to any third parties whose personal data you provide to us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Calls to our Helpline are confidential and our Helpline is designed so that our volunteers cannot see your phone number when you contact us. However, this information will be available to our vendor who hosts the Helpline. Our volunteers may also take notes during the call to assist the conversation but would securely shred the notes at the end of the call.
Calls to the Helpline may also be recorded from time to time for training, support and/or research purposes. So, personal data (such as, your name and whether or not you stammer) will be recorded. We record certain statistical information on each call to the Helpline in order to report on and improve our service.
HOW INFORMATION IS USED
We use the personal data you provide to us via the Helpline:
Purpose    Legal Basis
To administer the Helpline e.g., to deal with questions you may have on your call appropriately and effectively. This includes the recording of the Helpline calls.    As a charity offering a Helpline, BSA has a legitimate interest to help us provide a confidential service where you can ask, talk about and explore any issues of concern about stammering.
Where sensitive data are processed (e.g., information around a person stammering), this is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or a third party or, for reasons of substantial public interest, in each case in accordance with the UK Data
Protection Act 2018.
For training purposes in order for our staff to be able to respond to your calls appropriately and effectively BSA has a legitimate interest to manage our charity including for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes and for the prevention and detection of crime provided our interests are not overridden by your interests.
To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
Where sensitive data are processed (e.g., information around a person stammering), this is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or a third party or, for reasons of substantial public interest, in each case in accordance with the UK Data
Protection Act 2018.
To monitor, maintain and improve the processes, information and data, technology and communications solutions and Helpline services :
To meet our legal and regulatory obligations, and to establish, defend and enforce claims
To investigate and resolve complaints and manage regulatory matters, investigations and litigation
To share data with police, law enforcement, tax authorities or other government agencies
Your Right to Object - Please note that you have a right to object to processing of your personal data where that processing is carried out for our legitimate interest.
INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in order to achieve the purposes described in HOW INFORMATION IS USED, above. This may include sharing your information with trusted partners and suppliers e.g., our IT service providers who assist with the management of the Helpline.
We also reserve the right to disclose your personal data to third parties:
if we are under any legal or regulatory duty to do so
in exceptional circumstances e.g., reporting serious self-harm or where you pose a threat to yourself or others; and/or
to protect the rights, property or safety of BSA, its personnel, users, visitors or others.
For information on international transfers of personal data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the UK please see our Privacy Policy.
RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
For details on how long we retain your personal data please see our Privacy Policy.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights in relation to your personal data. For more information please see our Privacy Policy.
CONSEQUENCES OF NOT PROVIDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Where we require your personal data to comply with our legal requirements, failure to provide this information may mean we are not be able to provide the requested services to you. We will tell you when we ask for your information whether it is a statutory or contractual requirement to give us the information and the consequences of not providing the information.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version of the policy on our website. We will notify you of any material changes via e-mail or through a notification on our website. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective immediately after being posted. We encourage you to periodically review the Policy to stay informed of changes and on how we are protecting your personal data.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Database Administrator at: data@stamma.org.
Last Revised: 11/06/2019
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
In this section
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Helpline Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Join us
If you, your child or someone you know stammers, then join us and create a better world for people who stammer. It's free. Become a member.
Get involvedBecome a member. Connect with others locally & online. Volunteer, donate & share your story to inspire others.Join usConnect with othersShare your story
Back to top
Need help?
Talk to us on webchat, helpline or email
Open weekdays 10am–12pm and 6pm–8pm