http://www.allhealth.edu/coronavirus/ways-to-help.html
Home
keyboard_arrow_right
PRINT
Print
SHARE
Share with social media
Share
close Share buttons list
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Copy Link
Coronavirus Response
Ways to Help
Home
Coronavirus Response
Ways to Help
PRINT
Print
SHARE
Share with social media
Share
close Share buttons list
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Copy Link
Coronavirus Response
Do you know where to go?
What's changed at AHN?
Frequently Asked Questions
keyboard_arrow_down
Basics & Avoidance Tips
Care for other Conditions
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Testing Locations
If you suspect you have it
Plasma Donation
Pregnancy & Coronavirus
Safety First
Thank You
keyboard_arrow_down
Safety Tips
Grateful
keyboard_arrow_down
Donors
Coronavirus Symptom Checker
Ways to Help
Ways to Help
As we take on the many challenges of Coronavirus (COVID-19), AHN is extremely grateful for the outpouring of support from the community. Your kind messages, donations of supplies, and philanthropic dollars are truly making a difference. Thank you.
We’ve found that many people are still asking, “How can I help?” We appreciate this continued support and have set up several ways you can give back to our care teams, patients, and communities. Start scrolling to learn more.
Recognize our AHN heroes
Our staff — in all roles and at all levels — is working overtime to protect our patients and take on Coronavirus. We continue to be amazed by their dedication to the job. Please note: Your messages may be shared on our social media channels or within our hospitals.
If you’d like to show your support, here’s how you can send messages of gratitude to our care teams:
Email us: We’ve set up a special email address, AHNheroes@AHN.org. Drop us a note there and don’t forget to get your kids involved, too. We’ll include your first name only with your message, unless you specify otherwise.
Post it on social: Leave us a comment on Facebook (Allegheny Health Network) or on Instagram (@AHNtoday). Or, you can tag us in a message on your own account. We love to see the community coming together.
Make a monetary donation
If you are in a position to make a monetary donation, AHN has set up the COVID-19 AHN Assistance Fund. This fund will provide immediate resources to address the needs of AHN, our care teams, and our patients during the Coronavirus pandemic.
There are a few ways you can make a monetary donation:
Visit www.supportAHN.org/COVID19. You can choose to make a one-time gift or recurring donations. If you’re an AHN employee, you can also set up a payroll dedication.
Text COVID19 to 76278. Follow the link in the text to choose a donation amount.
Create your own fundraiser on behalf of AHN. Click here to learn more about how you can get involved and use your own social platforms to raise awareness.
Thank you for donating what you can. Every single dollar makes a difference right here in the neighborhoods we love.
Donate supplies
Our needs are changing daily, and we’re working closely with our supply chain management team to prioritize the supplies needed throughout our network.
At this time, these supplies are our top priority:
Sanitizing wipes
Pediatric masks (hospital grade and hand-sewn)
Medical surgical mask
Disposable medical mask
N95 Medical mask
Protective apparel
Isolation gown
Goggles
Protective face shield
Medical surgical glove
Medical cap
Hand sanitizer
Ear loop masks
Coveralls
Exam gloves
Tissues
Medical tape
Eye makeup remover
If you’d like to donate supplies, please email AHNheroes@AHN.org. We’ll work with you to coordinate a drop-off and distribute items accordingly. Out of safety concerns for the community, please do not show up to a facility without emailing us first.
Make face masks
We’re accepting homemade face masks, which could be used by visitors, staff with indirect patient contact, or care teams as an extra layer of protection. Need a hand making a mask?
Take a look at these helpful tips from the CDC.
Please email AHNheroes@ahn.org to coordinate delivery of face masks or if you have any questions.
The fabric masks could be used for:
Visitors to the facilities
Caregivers who are not involved with direct patient care and are at low risk of catching COVID-19 from patients or transmitting to others
Cover N95 masks for extra protection for caregivers on the front lines
Donate blood
It is still perfectly safe to donate blood, and AHN needs your help. While we’re taking on Coronavirus, we’re still handling traumas and emergency surgeries.
If you would like to donate blood, click here to learn more.
Send some grub
Throughout the network, we’ve already received many generous meal deliveries. You’re not only filling our stomachs, you’re filling our hearts, too.
If you’d like to donate meals or snacks, please email AHNheroes@AHN.org. We’ll help coordinate a time and place so that food doesn’t go to waste.
Out of safety concerns for the community, please do not show up to a facility without emailing us first. Please also note, we cannot accept homemade food donations.
Thank You
On behalf of all of our doctors, nurses, and support staff, thank you. As the #stayHOMEteam, you came together and rallied around our health care workers — by staying home and staying apart. We knew we could count on you to step up and flatten the curve.
Thanks to everyone who joined the #stayHOMEteam.
A note to our volunteers
For the safety of our community, volunteers are not currently needed at our facilities. As things change in the weeks and months ahead, keep an eye out for additional communication on volunteer efforts.
24/7 Nurse Line
(412) NURSE-4-U
(412) 687-7348
GET MORE INFO
MyChart Video Visits
Copyright © 2020 Allegheny Health Network. All rights reserved