https://www.autismlearningpartners.com/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Autism Learning Partners Privacy Policy
Autism Learning Partners (“ALP”) is committed to providing you with a website experience that respects and protects your personal privacy choices and concerns. The ALP website located at www.autismleanringpartners.com (the “Website”) is designed to provide you with useful information about us and our services and with employment opportunities. The Website does not promote or sell products of any kind; we do hope, however, that the information we provide on the Website encourages you to use or join our organization as a client or employee.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect information from or about you online through the Website, why we collect this information, how we will use or disclose this information, and how you may update or delete identifiable information about you from our records. This Privacy Policy covers information that we gather when you are accessing the Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies whom we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. BY VISITING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT VISIT OR USE THE WEBSITE.
Information We Gather
In an effort to provide the Website visitors with the most useful information, we collect a limited amount of information about visits to the Website, including the number of visits to the Website, the date and time of day of these visits, and the pages visited. This information helps us to evaluate the effectiveness of the Website, improve the information available to Website visitors and improve Website performance. In addition, if you elect to register with the Website to receive newsletters, event information and/or other ALP news and information, you will be required to provide us your first and last name, home phone number, a home or other physical address, and an email address, and/or other contact information, whether work or home.
Personal Information Collected Automatically
Our website tracking program does not provide us with personal information about the Website visitors; however, as is true of most websites, we gather certain information about visitors to the Website and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, on an aggregate, anonymous basis without identifying individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Website, to track users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically data to personally identifiable information, except, in rare instances, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify individuals who threaten the Website, ALPor others.
As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate, anonymous information to our partners about how our users, collectively, use the Website. Again, we never disclose aggregate, anonymous information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Email Security
Messages that you send to us by email (via the Contact Us links on the Website pages) may not be secure. If you choose to send any confidential personal information to us via email, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept and use this information.
Cookies
ALP does not use cookies on its Website other than if you decide to opt-in for emails and click the “remember me” box, and we will not write a cookie to your hard drive when you visit the Website except in such instance.
Web Beacons and Other Mechanisms
There are other mechanisms we may use (such as web beacons and tags) that enable us to obtain certain Website usage information.
When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we may record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as a time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides (the URL).
Web beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive web beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.
Use of Information
Autism Learning Partners is the sole owner and user of the information collected on the Website. We will not sell, give, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy; provided that ALP may provide such information to its authorized agents or partners in order to conduct its business in the ordinary course. In addition, certain vendors providing services to us may have access to limited information, but all such vendors are subject to confidentiality restrictions.
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if our company, or substantially all of our assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that these transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of our company or our assets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use (such as this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions) and other agreements, or protect our rights, property or safety, or that of our employees, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or security violations, including any harmful, infringing or illegal activity. Our disclosures may occur under circumstances where we may not be authorized to advise you of such action.
Third Party Ad Networks
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (Link to TRUSTe global opt-out: https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=http-3A__preferences.truste.com_&d=DwIFaQ&c=lXkdEK1PC7UK9oKA-BBSI8p1AamzLOSncm6Vfn0C_UQ&r=Z1iJJmeY5yi8BXAP171QdQ&m=qO1xPfpDobhZdnYdaZJdaYg3X1J-9EOdXCY7bEfhEc8&s=HxTzrDBsJDsUJnIjLoLbAYn772hPx8n0sft159jE80U&e=). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
Employment Inquiries
The Website has an employment page for interested job seekers. We provide you the option of putting your resume in our database and applying to specific job openings with ALP. The functionality associated with this part of the Website requests users’ contact information (such as email address) and personal information (such as work histories and academic achievements). The user’s contact and personal information is used to contact the user in connection with potential job opportunities. This information may be retained by ALP for any period of time, subject to applicable law.
Your Choices
The Website allows a visitor to sign-up to receive newsletters, alerts and emails from Our ALP on a variety of subjects. You may always (a) opt-out from our mailing list, (b) update certain information about you after you register with us, or (c) request deletion of your account with us, in each case by going to: www.autismlrearningpartners.com, logging on to your account, clicking the Update Profile menu and, at the bottom of the page, selecting NO to unsubscribe from our mailing list and clicking the update button. An unsubscribe link is also contained in each email sent. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. In addition, please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Website whenever necessary. If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, please opt-out using the procedure indicated in the paragraph above. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing these legal notices for changes.
Third-Party Links
The Website may contain links to websites that are neither owned by nor controlled by ALP.  Once you leave the Website, this Privacy Policy no longer applies, and you will be subject to the privacy policies, if any, of the other website which may differ from this Privacy Policy in important ways. ALP has no responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of websites it does not control or own.
The links from the Website that go to other websites are for convenience only, and do not imply that we endorse or approve of those websites. We have no control over the content found on other websites and make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or adequacy of any information found at such websites. Similarly, we are not responsible for information found on or through the Website and which is generated by third parties.
We are not responsible for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage related to your use of the Website or other linked websites, whether from errors or omissions in the content of the Website or any other linked websites, from the Website being down or from any other use of the Website. Your use of the Website and others’ websites is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites that are linked to us. Remember that any information you voluntarily post on discussion boards, social media websites or elsewhere may be accessible by other users and is public information.
ALP Email Links
We provide an email address link located on the Contact Us page so that you may email us directly or our clinical staff with any questions or comments. ALP endeavors to read messages received and to respond promptly. In addition to replying to your comment or inquiry, we may also file your email for future reference regarding improvements to the Website.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We use reasonable precautions to protect the personal information we receive. Nonetheless, no website is completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of such information. As a result, although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) we cannot guarantee you that the information we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy; (b) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet and wireless networks which are beyond our control; (c) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Website cannot be guaranteed; (d) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. If you have any questions about security or privacy on the Website, you can contact us at info@autismlearningpartners.com
A Special Note about Children
The Website is not designed or intended for use by children under 13. If you are under 18, you should access or use the Website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Children under 13 may not submit any personal information to us, and if we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information from a child under 13, we will take appropriate steps to delete it. We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (which is available at http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm) and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13.
Notification of Changes
ALP uses the information collected from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy in effect when the information was collected. From time to time, we may amend, modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy; for example, in light of new technology, a change in applicable law, or as our business needs or other facts dictate. If ALP or CLC which is a division of ALP, decides to change the type of information it collects, how we use it, or under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose it, we will post a notice of these changes on the Website. Please check the Website frequently to see recent changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at the Website, please contact us as follows:
Corporate Address: 1055 E Colorado Blvd, Suite 560, Pasadena, CA 91106
Phone: 818-241-6780
Email: ComplianceOfficer@autismlearningpartners.com
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July1, 2011
About Us
Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Services
Locations
Insurance
Refer A Patient
Find A Provider
Join Our Team
© 2020 Autism Learning Partners.
Services
Locations
Insurance
About Us
Resources
Contact Us
Your location
Search radius
10 mi25 mi50 mi100 mi200 mi400 mi
Results
2550
Category filter
Any
ALP Locations
Virtual office
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Diagnosticians
Florida
Georgia
Indiana
Massachusetts
Michigan
New Jersey
New York
Non-Partnered Diagnosticians
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Texas
Virtual Location
Washington
×