http://www.phoenix-society.org/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyUpdated August 12, 2020.Your privacy is very important to us.  This internet privacy policy explains what type of information we collect and what we do with that information to allow you to make choices about the way your information is collected and used.We’ve recently updated our privacy policy to comply with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which became effective May 2018. What Information Do We Collect?This site collects information such as the visitor’s domain name, site traffic patterns, and server usage statistics. When we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you, we will explicitly ask you for this information. The information that is gathered from the website is used to improve the performance and content of our web pages and to personalize these pages for individual visitor’s needs. We do not collect your e-mail address unless you choose to communicate with us via e-mail or you volunteer your e-mail address on a form or transaction on this site. We do not sell or rent e-mail addresses.Third-party personally identifiable information you provide for memorial or honor donations or for merchandise shipping will not be shared.We may occasionally conduct voluntary surveys on this site. Unless otherwise specified by separate agreement, the information collected will be anonymous. The data collected as part of these surveys may be shared with third parties for purposes of analysis. In the event personally identifiable information is needed for a survey, a separate agreement will be required. Participation in any survey is voluntary and the terms of the separate agreement will explicitly state how your personal information is to be used.The Phoenix Society may ask you to voluntarily provide information in a few circumstances— when you donate, register for an event, register for membership, create a profile in the community section, or purchase items online. We will need information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number, so that we can process your donation, registration or order and notify you of order status or provide a receipt. How Do We Use Information We Collect?The Phoenix Society does not rent or sell member or customer information to outside marketers. We might use the information you provide to share information about services or products you have requested or to inform you of events, resources, and services that might be of interest.We use shipping companies to ship merchandise and a credit card processor for merchandise and registration orders and donations. These companies do not share or use personally identifiable information for secondary purposes.CookiesWe use cookies to store visitor preferences and record past activity in order to provide better service. Cookies are small text files that do not damage a visitor’s system or files. Most browsers will allow a user to accept or deny cookies. If a visitor rejects our cookies they may still use our site.SecurityThe Phoenix Society is committed to protecting the security of your information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. All off-line information is securely stored and is accessible only by authorized staff.We care about the security of your transactions and apply industry-standard practices and technologies to safeguard your credit card information. We use high-grade encryption and the secure https protocol to communicate with your browser software, which guards against interception of the credit card information you give us. We also employ several different security techniques to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the organization. The web servers for the Phoenix Society are located in an authorized third-party, secure environment, and computer systems are maintained in accordance with industry standards to secure information.This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of sites not owned by The Phoenix Society. We encourage our visitors to be aware of when they leave our site and to read the privacy statement of any site that collects personally identifiable data.Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the personally identifiable information provided by our users.You should be aware, however, that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet, and third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We do not and cannot guarantee that unauthorized, inadvertent disclosure will never occur. Opt Out PolicyIf at any time you do not wish to receive communication from us, we ask that you tell us.  The Phoenix Society will discontinue contact with any person upon oral or written request. Write or call: The Phoenix Society, 525 Ottawa Ave NW, Grand Rapids, MI 49503 800-888-2876, info@phoenix-society.org.Transfer of Customer InformationConsumer and user information are properly considered assets of an organization. Accordingly, if we merge with another organization or another organization takes over our work and mission, our client lists and information, including personally identifiable information you have provided us, would be included among the assets that would be transferred.Updates to our Privacy Policy We may occasionally update our internet privacy policy without prior notice. Please periodically review this Internet privacy policy to remain informed of how The Phoenix Society is protecting your information. The most recent updated Internet privacy policy will be available on this website, with the date it was last updated displayed at the top of the Policy.Conditions of useIf you choose to visit our websites or learning portals, your visit and any dispute over privacy shall be subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement (incorporated by reference herein, as amended from time to time), including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes and application of the law of the State of Michigan. LanguageThe governing language of this Privacy Policy is English, which shall prevail over any other language used in any translated document. Contact usIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to review, delete or update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as follows:The Phoenix Society for Burn Survivors525 Ottawa Ave NW, FrontGrand Rapids, MI 49503800-888-2876info@phoenix-society.org Phoenix Society uses cookies in an an effort to improve your online experience.AcceptLearn more