https://www.psychforums.com/privacy.php
Psychology and Mental Health Forum
Skip to content
Home ‹ Board index
Change font size
Blogs
Contact
FAQ
Register
Login
Tweet
Advanced search
Our partner
Jump to:
Privacy Policy
General
User´s privacy is important to us. However Psychforums.com collects private information (e.g. email, ip addresses) from our users when they visit the site or register. This information is not shared with any other company or organization (except possibly with the Authorities). The email can be used by the mod team to contact a user directly or to send notification to the users. The ip are used by the moderation team to analyze and possibly block users that are not behaving correctly on the forum.
Note that all the public area of the forums and blogs are accessible by search engines and will therefore be publicly referenced.
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that makes you (or any other person) directly or indirectly recognizable is not permitted on psychforums.com and will be removed immediately if brought to our attention.
Commenting policy
Comments on the forums and blogs do not represent Psychforums.com views but those of the respective forum members. Psychforums.com approves them at his own discretion.
Cookie policy
Psychforums.com uses uses cookies to store a session id and a small amount of user data as for example if you enabled auto logging while visiting this place.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user´s prior visits at Psychforums.com.
Google´s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visit to Psychforums.com and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager
.
External Links
Psychforums.com is not responsible of your experience while clicking on an external link found on this site.
Home ‹ Board index
Contact • Advertise on Psychforums • The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC
News Site map SitemapIndex RSS Feed Channel list
Disclaimer •
Forum Rules •
Privacy Policy •
Copyright •
Report a violation
Check Mental Health Matters
Mental Health Dictionary
Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007, 2014 phpBB Group
Time : 0.033s | 10 Queries | GZIP : Off | Load : 0.23