http://www.breasthealthonline.com/home/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
BreastHealthOnline is committed to respecting the privacy of its online visitors. Our Privacy Policy explains what types of information we receive and collect when you use and visit our site, and how we use and safeguard your information. Please note we never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your internet address, internet service provider, browser you used to visit our website, time you visited our website and which pages you visited throughout our website. This data is not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do not use cookies. We use third party advertisements to support our website. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our website, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our website, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific websites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking websites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting   http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a website running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored
As with most websites that you visit, our website automatically collects certain information regarding your visit. BreastHealthOnline automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:
Service provider from which you access the Internet
Domain name from which you access the Internet
Date and time you access our website
Which pages you visit
Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our website more useful to visitors. We cannot identify you from this information. Since user participation in public areas of the site is visible to others, please use discretion when posting any information you wish to keep confidential.
Personal Information Provided by You
The BreastHealthOnline website does not automatically collect any personally identifiable information. We may obtain personally identifiable information about you ONLY if you elect to give us that information. For example, we may need to collect personally identifiable information from you in order to respond to your request for a brochure to be sent to you, or when you’re making a donation, or you're applying for picture access.
Types of personally identifiable information we may ask you to provide may include the following:
Name
Address
Zip/postal code
E-mail address
Plastic Surgeon Information (such as name and location)
Our site may now or in the future request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Survey information will be used for the sole purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and/or for educational purposes. Personally-identifiable information will not be sold, rented or exchanged with any other organization or entity unless the user is first notified and expressly agrees to it.
This web site contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that BreasthealthOnline is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our front page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Teen Privacy and Safety
If you are underaged, due to FCC rulings and for your safety and protection, you will need to use our Teen Liaison Program to have active posts on our site. Please use the Contact Us button to sign up for this program. Be sure to check your spam and junk folders for our response!
Favorite Stuff
Anni Bricca For BreastHealthOnline
Ms. Charlie's blog: "Chat with Charlie"
Dr. C's Breast Reconstruction Blog
Useful links
American Society of Plastic Surgeons
Canadian Society of Plastic Surgeons
British Society of Plastic Surgeons
Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons
www.veinsandpain.com
ThinkCNAOnline.com
Convert Grams to Pounds
The Schnur Scale