http://www.sjcg.net/accountability/web-terms-of-use.aspx
---
Please Select a Sub Program/Service
---
Acquired Brain Injury
Adult Addiction Programs
Adult Rehabilitation
Ambulatory Care Clinics
Bethammi Nursing Home
Centre for Applied Health Research (CAHR)
Chiropody & Foot Care
Chronic Pain Management Program
Community Support Program
Diabetes Health Thunder Bay
Dual Diagnosis
Eating Disorders Programs
Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes (ECHO)
Education
Employer Support & Assessment Services
Employment Options Program
GAPPS Program
General Rehabilitation
Geriatric Assessment & Rehabilitative Care
Health, Safety & Risk
Hogarth Riverview Manor
Housing & Long-Term Care Community Support Programs
Hospice/Palliative Care
Hospital Elder Life Program
Human Resources (Careers)
Library
Manor House Adult Day Program
Medically Complex Services
Mental Health Outpatient Program
Northwestern Ontario Concurrent Disorders Program
Northwestern Ontario Peer Council
Older Adult Rehabilitation
Orthopedic Physiotherapy & Orthopedic Occupational Therapy Services
Outpatient Neurology Rehabilitation
Outpatient Rehabilitation
Outreach to Recovery
PR Cook Apartments
Problem Gambling & Behavioural Addictions Program
Psychiatric Consultation Clinic
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
RAI-MH
Regional Palliative Care Program
Research Services
Rheumatic Disease Program
Sister Leila Greco Apartments
Special Rehabilitation & Acquired Brain Injury
Spiritual Care
Supportive Housing
TBRHSC Rehabilitation Programs
Transition
Volunteer Services
Withdrawal Management Programs
Youth Addiction Programs
Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada
en français
Programs & Services
Careers & Volunteering
Research & Learning
Accountability
About SJCG
Accountability & Transparency
St. Joseph's Care Group - Website Terms of Use
St. Joseph's Care Group's website is an on-line service designed inhouse and maintained by the Communication Department
at St. Joseph's Care
Group, consisting of information services and content provided by St.
Joseph's Care Group content partners and other third parties. "Visitor"
means each person who establishes or accesses a connection for access
to and use of St. Joseph's Care Group website.
Visitor's use of the Website is subject to the terms of use, the
visitor should exit the site if he or she does not agree to be bound by
them.
Disclaimer
The materials in SJCG's website are provided "as is" and without
warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent
permissible pursuant to applicable law, SJCG disclaims all warranties,
express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties
of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. SJCG makes no
representation or warranty that access to the site will be available on
a timely basis, will be uninterrupted or will be error free.
Additionally SJCG makes no representations or warranty that the
information contained on the site will be timely or error free. In no
event shall SJCG or affiliates and their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, representatives, information providers
and licensors and their respective heirs and assignees be liable for
any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary,
punitive or other damages even if informed of the possibility of such
damages. SJCG makes no claims whatsoever regarding the accuracy or
availability of any information available through any person not
affiliated with SJCG including material obtained from links to other
sites contained with SJCG or affiliated sites.
General
(A) This
Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions that apply to use of St.
Joseph's Care Group by Visitor. By using St. Joseph's Care Group (other
than to read this Agreement for the first time), Visitor agrees to
comply with all of the terms and conditions hereof. The right to use
St. Joseph's Care Group is personal to Visitor and is not transferable
to any other person or entity.
(B) St. Joseph's Care Group shall have the right at any time to
change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the St. Joseph's Care
Group, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability,
and equipment needed for access or use.
Changed Terms
St.
Joseph's Care Group shall have the right at any time to change or
modify the terms and conditions applicable to Visitor's use of St.
Joseph's Care Group, or any part thereof, or to impose new conditions,
including, but not limited to, adding fees and charges for use. Such
changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective
immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means including,
but not limited to, posting on St. Joseph's Care Group, or by
electronic or conventional mail, or by any other means by which Visitor
obtains notice thereof. Any use of St. Joseph's Care Group by Visitor
after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by Visitor
of such changes, modifications or additions.
Equipment
Visitor
shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telephone,
computer hardware and other equipment needed for access to and use of
St. Joseph's Care Group and all charges related thereto.
Visitor Conduct
(A)
Visitor shall use St. Joseph's Care Group for lawful purposes only.
Visitor shall not post or transmit through St. Joseph's Care Group any
material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of
others, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive
of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise
objectionable, which encourages conduct that would constitute a
criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any
law, or which, without St. Joseph's Care Group express prior approval,
contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or
services. Any conduct by a Visitor that in St. Joseph's Care Group's
discretion restricts or inhibits any other Visitor from using or
enjoying St. Joseph's Care Group will not be permitted. Visitor shall
not use St. Joseph's Care Group to advertise or perform any commercial
solicitation, including, but not limited to, the solicitation of users
to become Visitors of other on-line information services competitive
with St. Joseph's Care Group.
(B) St. Joseph's Care Group contains copyrighted material,
trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not
limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound,
and the entire contents of St. Joseph's Care Group are copyrighted as a
collective work under Canadian copyright laws. St. Joseph's Care Group
owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and
enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it.
Visitor may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer
or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the
content, in whole or in part. Visitor may download copyrighted material
for Visitor's personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly
permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution,
retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded
material will be permitted without the express permission of St.
Joseph's Care Group and the copyright owner. In the event of any
permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted
material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark
legend or copyright notice shall be made. Visitor acknowledges that it
does not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted
material.
(C) Visitor shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on
St. Joseph's Care Group any material protected by copyright, trademark
or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner
of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right and the burden
of determining that any material is not protected by copyright rests
with Visitor. Visitor shall be solely liable for any damage resulting
from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other
harm resulting from such a submission. By submitting material to any
public area of St. Joseph's Care Group, Visitor automatically grants,
or warrants that the owner of such material has expressly granted St.
Joseph's Care Group the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable,
non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt,
publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part)
worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or
technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any
copyright that may exist in such material. Visitor also permits any
other Visitor to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that
Visitor's personal use. Visitor hereby grants St. Joseph's Care Group
the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material made
available on St. Joseph's Care Group by Visitor.
Indemnification
Visitor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless St. Joseph's Care
Group, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses,
including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use of St. Joseph's Care
Group by Visitor.
St. Joseph's Care Group logos are trademarks of St. Joseph's Care
Group. All rights reserved. All other trademarks appearing on St.
Joseph's Care Group are the property of their respective owners.
Miscellaneous
This
Agreement and any operating rules for St. Joseph's Care Group
established by St. Joseph's Care Group constitute the entire agreement
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede
all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with
respect to such subject matter. This Agreement shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, without regard to
its conflict of laws rules. No waiver by either party of any breach or
default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or
subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for
convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
Links
This site
contains links to other sites. St. Joseph's Care Group is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects
personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies
solely to information collected by St. Joseph's Care Group.
Copyrights and Communications & Engagement Director
St. Joseph's Care Group respects the rights of all copyright holders.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please provide St. Joseph's Care Group's
Communications & Engagement Director the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed;
Identification of the copyright work claimed to
have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single
online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list
of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to
be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is
to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information
reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;
A statement that the complaining party has a
good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the
notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the
complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
St. Joseph's Care Group's Communications & Engagement Director for notice of claims of copyright infringement on or regarding this site can be reached as follows: contact.sjcg@tbh.net
-- Updated: January 11, 2016 --
Accountability
Accessibility
Accountability Agreements
Accreditation
Attestation (Consultant Use)
Best Practice Spotlight Organization (BPSO)
Client Privacy
Client Rights & Responsibilities
Client Satisfaction Survey Results
Compliments & Complaints
Conservation & Demand
Finances, Expense Rules & Reports
Freedom of Information & Protection of Privacy
Hand Hygiene
Outbreaks
Patient Safety Indicators
Salary & Executive Contracts
Seniors' Friendly
Tobacco Smoking
Quality Improvement Plan (QIP)
Your Healthcare Options
FAQ's
Client Privacy
Quality Improvement Plan (QIP)
Headlines
Date: 2020-12-10
What You Should Know Before Arriving for Your Appointment or Visit - St. Joseph's Care Group has implemented a number of measures at all our sites to help keep our clients and staff safe and well during the COVID-19 global pandemic. Restrictions can change with little notice, so, before arriving for your visit or appointment, please check our website to see if something may prevent you from entering one of our sites. [full story]
Date: 2020-12-07
Celebrating Maria Bilyk - Reaching 75 years of volunteering with an organization is an exceptional accomplishment, and as you’ll soon learn, Maria Bilyk is an exceptional person. Since 1945, Maria has volunteered with St. Joseph’s Care Group (SJCG) in a variety of roles, putting her leadership, compassion and faith to work in countless ways. [full story]
Date: 2020-12-04
SJCG President & CEO Retiring After 36 Years of Service - “In her 16 years as President
& CEO, Tracy Buckler has led St. Joseph’s Care Group through tremendous growth and change,” said Bishop Fred Colli, Chair of St. Joseph’s Care Group’s Board of Directors. [full story]
Date: 2020-11-25
SJCG Implements New Travel Restrictions at All Sites - Effective Thursday, November 26, 2020, new travel restrictions are being implemented at St. Joseph’s Care Group. Anyone who has travelled outside Northwestern Ontario within the past 14 days will not be permitted to enter St. Joseph’s Care Group sites. [full story]
more...
About SJCG | Contact SJCG | Employee Portal | Français | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Website Map
2020 © St. Joseph's Care Group - All rights reserved