http://www.health-doc.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home > Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Statement
Health-Doc.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
This site may contains links to other sites. Health-Doc.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Contact information is not sold or distributed to others.
We will never sell or give away your personal information to third parties for purposes of building contact lists, or anything of that nature.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service
Use the opt out link at the bottom of the email you received.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, and it is important, please contact me.
Recent Posts
Juicing – Is The Benefits Worth It?
Dog Allergies And Cat Allergies
Muscle Building Diet Problems
Healthy Eating Habits: Regular Meal Times Build Better Habits
7 Stress Reliever Ideas To Use At Home
Benefits Of Cranberry Juice