https://www.bsrm.org.uk/privacy-policy
EventsPublicationsGet involvedResearch/AuditTraining & CareersMembers
Home
About
News
Contact
EventsPublicationsGet involvedResearch/AuditTraining & CareersMembers
Privacy Policy
This website privacy policy describes how the British Society of Rehabilitation Medicine (BSRM) uses the information you give when using this website. This policy may be updated from time to time with the latest version published here. This policy was last updated on 4 September 2015. The British Society of Rehabilitation Medicine ('BSRM', 'we', 'us', 'our') is committeed to protecting your privacy online. Our policy in relation to this is outlined below. If you have any further queries, please contact BSRM by telephone on +44(0)1992 638865 or by email.
By using our website or attending any BSRM or affiliated evetns, you are accepting the terms in this policy.
Visitors to this website are advised that the BSRM gathers certain information in order to provide products and services and to enable some functions on this website.  Information is also collected to help BSRM better understand how visitors use this website.
Data BSRM gathers
The BSRM will only collect personal data that is relevant to the carrying out of the legitimate purposes and function of the BSRM.  Data may be collected via completion of forms on the BSRM website or on paper eg as part of the membership application process, registration for scientific/educational events and/or associated abstract submissions and submissions for academic prizes.
The following personal information may be collected:
your name, job title, date of birth and (where relevant) GMC number
contact information including email address and postcode
demographic information including region of employment
other information related to your enquiries
other information pertaining to surveys.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. Likewise if you leave membership, we may keep your details.
Information will be held in an environment as secure as possible. BSRM employees and representatives will be responsible for ensuring that all regular data care procedures are fully and meticulously followed.
How we use your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to provide you with information or services or relevant national policy/news
to notify you about changes to our service
to invite you to conferences or events
to seek your feedback or offer you the chance to take part in surveys
to offer you the chance to vote on/participate in BSRM matters relevant to you
When we share information
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We share your preferred contact information within BSRM – details of your name, job title, professional/preferred address, email address and telephone number will appear on the register of members which is available to BSRM members only.
Members preferred contact address details (with the exception of some retired members) are shared with the publisher’s agent for the purpose of distribution of the journal Clinical Rehabilitation only.
Members contact details are also shared with organisations of which BSRM has ‘corporate’ membership to ensure members receive any personal benefits of that membership.
Personal banking and/or credit card information will not be shared or disclosed. This information is not held by BSRM once any payments are processed. All paper records are shredded, incinerated and/or card details rendered illegible.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. BSRM does not recommend that full financial details are transmitted via email.
We will not disclose data except where the disclosure complies with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, or, where relevant, statutory guidance issued by the Information Commissioner's Office.
In the event of your unlawful use of the website or any other BSRM communications, we reserve the right to pass on your details in order to take action against such behaviour.
Links
Although this site may contain links to other websites outside the BSRM domain names, we have no control over the other websites and are not responsible for their protection or privacy.  Before submitting information via a linked website users are advised to read the site's protection and privacy policy.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which may be placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual by remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
We use the following cookies on our website:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics provides anonymous statistics on website usage. Cookies are used to track the source of a visitor, their session on the website (to associate multiple page views to one visit) and whether they are a new or returning visitor.
Cookie name
Description
Type/Length
_ga
Used to distinguish users.
2 years from set/update
_gat
Used to throttle request rate.
10 minutes from set/update
Add This
We make use of the Add This social media sharing widget to allow you to share content with your social networks.
Cookie name
Description
Type/Length
__atuvc and __atuvs
This cookie is created and read by the AddThis social sharing site JavaScript on the client side in order to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis.
2 years from set/update
PHP Session ID
A PHP session is created when certain functionality is in use on the website, allowing the website to uniquely identify one user between page loads. This is essential for the website's operation, and is used for facilities such as logins to the content management system and load balancing.
Cookie name
Description
Type/Length
PHPSESSID
Contains an anonymous identifier that can be used by the server to provide a continuous service.
Expires when the browser is closed
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The following links provide details on how to do this in a range of popular web browsers:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Cookie settings in Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Cookie settings in Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Cookie settings in Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042
The British Society of Rehabilitation Medicine c/o Royal College of Physicians11 St Andrews Place, London NW1 4LE
Registered charity number 293196
Tel: 01992 638 865
Fax: 01992 638 674
Email: admin@bsrm.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions
Website designed by Adept