https://www.wedgewoodpharmacy.com/learning-center/terms-of-use.html
Shipping Carrier Delays Expected
About
Human Health
Careers
Contact
GREATCARE,DELIVERED.
Customer Care: 877.357.6613
For Veterinary
Practices
For Pet & horse owners
Submit Office Orders & Patient Prescriptions
Ordering compounded medications is easier than ever. Log in with your secure digital account and gain instant access to the industry’s largest formulary of compounded medications – 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Log in as a Practice
Create an Online Account
Our Pharmacy
Wedgewood Connect
Veterinary Medications
Professional Monographs
Diamondback Drugs Top Preparations
Contact Us
Refill and Renew Pet Prescriptions
Ordering your pet's prescription drugs from Wedgewood Pharmacy is safe, and convenient. With a prescription number, easily refill prescriptions and enroll in the AutoRefill Program.
Log in as an Owner
Our Pharmacy
Medication Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
For Veterinary Practices
For Pet and Horse Owners
Learning Center
text size AAA
Shipping Carrier Delays Expected - We have been advised by our carriers that packages may require 2 or more additional days for standard delivery, because of the Corona Virus.
Home
405 Heron Drive Suite 200
Swedesboro, NJ 08085
Ph 800.331.8272
www.wedgewoodpharmacy.com
Terms of UseFor Veterinary PracticesPrescribe NowFor Pet & Horse OwnersManage Your Prescriptions Have a new prescription from your vet? Get a Quote by Chat Get a Quote by Email 877.357.6613
Please read these agreements carefully before accessing this website. By
accessing the site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. If
you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or
use this site.
Wedgewood Pharmacy is working hard to ensure that the information provided on this site is accurate and up-to-date but due to the risk that the information may compromised by software or procedural errors, does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this site.
Wedgewood Pharmacy reserves the right to make changes to the content of this site from time to time without notice or obligation.
Permission to Browse Site and Limited Permission to Make
Copies
You may browse this site for information and may print copies of its contents for your own use. Written permission is required, however, if you want to incorporate the contents into your own site or written materials, create "derivative works" or revise the site contents. In addition, you may not "mirror" the contents of this site without Wedgewood Pharmacy’s permission. Although it may be easy to copy in cyberspace, this does not mean it is legal to do so.
Copyrights
Copyright in the pages and in the screens displaying the pages, and in the information and material therein and in their arrangement, is owned by Wedgewood Pharmacy unless otherwise indicated. Some of the contents of this site may be registered with the Federal Copyright Office. Please familiarize yourself with U.S. and International Copyright laws before using any material.
No Warranties; Limitations of Liability
Wedgewood Pharmacy assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on this web site. ACCESS TO THIS SITE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Wedgewood Pharmacy shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, which may result from the use of this site.
Privacy
Anyone using this server acknowledges that Wedgewood Pharmacy may monitor the server contents as needed to comply with the law, to protect Wedgewood Pharmacy and visitors to this site or server and to ensure that the server is being operated properly.
Wedgewood Pharmacy maintains this site (herein "the site") for your personal information and education. Please feel free to browse the site. You may download material displayed on the site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report or use the contents of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, or video without Wedgewood Pharmacy’s written permission. Your access and use of the site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and Wedgewood Pharmacy regarding your use of this site are superseded and of no force or effect.
Rx Alerts SMS Terms and Conditions
To receive Wedgewood Pharmacy Rx Alerts, text the keyword, JOIN to 21925 to begin the opt-in process. Message frequency may vary by use. Message and data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help. Reply STOP to cancel.
Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer's equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. The wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered and will not be liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Wedgewood Pharmacy will never sell your personal information to a third party without your express permission.
To discontinue receiving messages from Wedgewood Pharmacy, text STOP to 21925.
For additional help, text HELP to 21925, email info@wedgewoodpharmacy.com or call 800-331-8272.
Wedgewood Pharmacy respects your right to privacy. You can view our complete privacy policy here.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the site without the written permission of Wedgewood Pharmacy. Wedgewood Pharmacy neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Wedgewood Pharmacy.
While Wedgewood Pharmacy uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the site, Wedgewood Pharmacy makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Wedgewood Pharmacy assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the site.
Your use and browsing of the site is at your risk. Neither Wedgewood Pharmacy nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Wedgewood Pharmacy also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the site by e-mail or otherwise, except as protected by HIPPAA, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is —and will be treated as — non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Wedgewood Pharmacy and/or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Wedgewood Pharmacy is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the site for any purpose whatsoever, including — but not limited to —developing, compounding and marketing medications and services using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Wedgewood Pharmacy. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Wedgewood Pharmacy and others. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of Wedgewood Pharmacy or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the site, or any other content on the site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Wedgewood Pharmacy will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Wedgewood Pharmacy has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although Wedgewood Pharmacy may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the site, Wedgewood Pharmacy is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Wedgewood Pharmacy will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Wedgewood Pharmacy to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Wedgewood Pharmacy may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Featured Specials
Featured Specials
Professional Monographs
About Digital Ordering
Discussion Guide for Pet Owners and Veterinarians
Medication Information for Pet and Horse Owners
Instructional Videos
FAQs for Veterinarians
FAQs for Pet and Horse Owners
>
×
State Restrictions for Controlled Substances
Some states restrict the information we may provide about controlled substances. Please select your state below.
Select One
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Other US Territories
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Learning Center
For Veterinary Practices
Professional Monographs
Drug Shortages and Alerts
FAQs for Veterinarians
For Pet Owners
Medication Information
FAQs for Pet and Horse Owners
Medications For:
BirdsCatsDogsExoticsFerretsGuinea PigsHorsesRabbitsRodentsOther
Search By:
AllergiesBehavioral DisordersCancerCanine Cushing'sConstipationEquine Cushing'sHypertensionHyperthyroidismInfection-BacterialInflammationKeratoconjunctivitis SiccaSeizuresSee All
About
Medication
My Account
News
Career
Blog
Pet Pics
Contact Us
Human Health
For Veterinary Practices
Prescribe Today
Order.WedgewoodPetRx.com
What's New
Drug-Shortage and Back-Order Alert
DeliverEase Dosage-Forms
Instructional Videos
Board Specialties
FAQs
For Pet and Horse Owners
How do I fill my new prescription?
How much will my prescription cost?
Refill a Prescription
Auto Refill Program
When Pets Won't Cooperate
More Than 25 Available Flavors
Dosage Forms
Bitter-Block™
FAQs
Medi-Melts®
Medi-Mints™
Otics
Quad Tabs™
Tiny Tabs® Pillable Tablets
Twist-a-Dose® Transdermal Gel
Learning Center
Resources for Veterinarians
Professional Monographs
About Order.WedgewoodPetRx.com
Discussion Guide for Pet Owners and Veterinarians
Medication Information for Pet and Horse Owners
Instructional Videos
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
405 HERON DRIVE SUITE 200 • SWEDESBORO, NJ 08085-1749 | © 2004-2017 WEDGEWOOD PHARMACY, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This content is intended for counseling purposes only. This content is informational/educational and is not intended to treat or diagnose any disease or patient. No claims are made as to the safety or efficacy of mentioned preparations. The compounded medications featured in this content have been prescribed and/or administered by prescribers who work with Wedgewood Pharmacy. You are encouraged to speak with your prescriber as to the appropriate use of any medication. Wedgewood Pharmacy’s compounded veterinary preparations are not intended for use in food and food-producing animals. All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.