https://www.mednax.com/terms-and-conditions/
Our sites and its related products and services are provided subject to your compliance with the Terms and Conditions specified below.  Your continued use of our site will indicate your agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.  If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, please exit our site.  We appreciate your cooperation.
Use of this Site.
The information contained in our sites is offered solely for your consideration, and is subject to your verification.  It is not to be taken as a representation or warranty for which MEDNAX, Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions and affiliated practices (“MEDNAX”) assumes legal responsibility, nor does MEDNAX grant permission to use or practice anything contained therein, or recommend such use or practice.
Information contained in our site is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice. The information provided in our site should not be used for the diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition.  A licensed physician should be consulted for diagnosis and treatment of any and all medical conditions.  Furthermore, the information in our site should not be used during any medical emergency.  Call 911 for all medical emergencies.
The contents of this site may be viewed and accessed only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices are retained on any copies made of the materials. The materials at this site may not be modified in any way or reproduced or distributed or used for any public or commercial purpose unless expressly permitted.  Any use or display of the materials on this site for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of these materials may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this site is terminated and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Linking Policy
MEDNAX grants a nonexclusive, limited permission (“Permission”) to display the Trademarks contained in its domain names, brand names and logos to the owner(s) of any web sites (“Owner”) that would like to develop a link between their site and the corresponding web site owned by MEDNAX (“MEDNAX Sites”). Links to MEDNAX Sites other than those using MEDNAX domain names, brand names or logos are not permitted. The materials on Owner’s site shall not imply any association with or relation to MEDNAX or imply in any way that any materials from MEDNAX Sites are maintained within Owner’s web site.
No changes or modifications to the MEDNAX domain names, brand names or logos may be made. Use of the MEDNAX domain names, brand names or logos for purposes other than linking to MEDNX Sites is expressly forbidden. The domain names, brand names and logos must not be used or associated with any obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, indecent, profane, defamatory or unlawful site or materials in any way, or in any manner that would adversely affect the name, reputation and goodwill of MEDNAX and its products.
MEDNAX retains and reserves all rights in and to MEDNAX’s trade names, trademarks, copyrights and all other intellectual property with respect to its domain names, brand names and logos. MEDNAX reserves the right to cancel the Permission at any time and for any reason. Upon receipt of such notification, use of the domain names, brand names or logos must cease and the link between the web sites must terminate. Use of MEDNAX trademarks, trade names, logos, copyrighted material or any other intellectual property of MEDNAX for any purpose not stated herein is expressly forbidden.
MEDNAX shall not be responsible for any loss, damage, liability or expense that may accompany or result from your use of links, domain names, brand names or logos, including but not limited to any computer virus; technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; or failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions. The granting of this Permission does not indicate nor should it be construed in any way to represent an endorsement by MEDNAX of any materials on a web site containing a MEDNAX domain name, brand name or logo or any other MEDNAX intellectual property.
Links to Other Sites.
Please note that our site may contain links to other sites and we cannot represent or guarantee that these other sites’ legal policies or terms and conditions of use will conform to our own.  We encourage you to read the policies of each linked site you may choose to visit.  These links are provided for your convenience.  The information, products and advertisements contained in linked sites are neither approved nor endorsed by MEDNAX.
Disclaimer.
We make no warranty whatsoever, express or implied, including any warranty as to accuracy, completeness or timeliness, concerning the information contained on or linked through this site, and you should not assume that such information is accurate, complete or the most up-to-date information available. We shall not be liable for any loss, claim or damages caused in whole or in part by our provision of, or your use of, any of the information contained on, or linked through, this site. We hereby disclaim any express statutory or implied warranties, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  Information published at this site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country or region.
Limitation on Liability.
IN NO EVENT WILL MEDNAX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Public Forums.
This site may contain message boards, discussion groups and similar forums for users to post information.  Any information that you may disclose in these areas becomes publicly available. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information in these areas. We do not maintain or routinely monitor information posted on any message board or discussion group on our site; however, we reserve the right to remove any postings that we deem inappropriate.  We do not warrant the validity or accuracy of information posted by users of our site and such information is neither approved nor endorsed by MEDNAX
Users posting information on this site are reminded that any information or opinions you express become publicly available.  Users are individually responsible for ensuring that patient confidentiality is maintained in accordance with all governing laws and that all messages posted are professional and consistent with any policies particular to the specific area on the site. No patient identifying information is to be shared or transmitted to this site.  See our Notice of Privacy Practices for information regarding the use and disclosure of protected health information.
Any information, materials or other communication you transmit or post to this site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.  Subject to our Privacy Policy Statement, MEDNAX will have no obligations with respect to such communications and may be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Privacy Statement.
Please review our policies on privacy:  Privacy Policy Statement.
Choice of Law and Venue.
These Terms and Conditions are entered into in the State of Florida and shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, exclusive of its choice of law rules.  Each party to these Terms and Conditions submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida for any dispute with MEDNAX, or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, and content providers.  If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Modifications and Updates.
We may modify and update these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting to this site.  Please periodically review the terms, conditions, and privacy statements posted on our site. Continued usage of our site will be considered acceptance of any changes.  Certain provisions of these Terms and Conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms on particular pages within this site.
Contacting Us.
We welcome your questions and comments regarding our Terms and Conditions and anything else on this site. Please e-mail us at marketing@mednax.com.
Practice Affiliates.
The physicians and other clinical personnel in our network are employed by or otherwise affiliated with entities and professional corporations affiliated with MEDNAX  Such entities and professional corporations are often referred to as our “affiliates.”  References in this site to MEDNAX, MEDNAX Services or MEDNAX National Medical Group are intended to include MEDNAX, Inc., their subsidiaries, professional corporations, partnerships, associations and other legal entities related to or affiliated with MEDNAX, Inc..
All Rights Reserved.
© 2019 MEDNAX Services, Inc. (MEDNAX) All rights reserved. All text, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files (“Materials”) and their arrangement on our site are the property of MEDNAX and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These Materials may not be copied in whole or in part for commercial use or distribution, nor may they be modified or reposted to other sites. The use, reproduction, and/or re-transmission by any means of any of the Material contained in this site without the written permission of MEDNAX is strictly prohibited. Pediatrix Medical Group®, Obstetrix Medical Group®, American AnesthesiologyTM, BabySteps®,and Soundata® are among the trademarks and servicemarks owned by MEDNAX. These marks and any others mentioned in this site may only be used with written permission of MEDNAX.
Find a Clinician
Find a Practice
Request for Proposal
X