http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-aids/va
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
20
www.HealthyHearing.com
Side view of veteran wearing uniform
Are you a U.S. veteran worried you may have hearing loss? You're not alone. Annually, about one million veterans receive disability compensation for hearing loss.
Your military service may qualify you for
hearing aid benefits through the VA.
In fact, because of routine exposure to loud noise in active combat and other on-the-job activities, hearing loss is the most prevalent service-related injury that disables veterans, according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
To help veterans coping with hearing loss or related disorders like tinnitus, the VA offers two main services:
free or low-cost hearing health care (such as hearing aids) through VA Health Benefits,
and monthly tax-free payments through VA Disability Compensation.
Are you eligible for hearing aids from the VA?
To receive hearing aids or similar devices (such as a cochlear implant), you first must qualify for VA Health Benefits. Once enrolled, veterans can seek out benefits for hearing tests, examinations and hearing aids. To begin this process, veterans should apply for enrollment online or by calling 1-877-222-VETS or visiting a local VA healthcare facility or regional office.
Once you are approved
Once approved for VA health care benefits, all Veterans "shall receive a hearing evaluation by a state-licensed audiologist to determine the need for hearing aids," according to the VA's 2014 directive for eye and ear care. However, not every veteran will necessarily receive hearing aids. As the directive explains (page 1-2), the following veterans are most likely to receive hearing aid care are:
"Those with any compensable service connected disability.
Those who are former Prisoners of War.
Those who were awarded a Purple Heart.
Those in receipt of benefits under 38 U.S.C. 1151.
Those in receipt of an increased pension based on the need for regular aid and attendance or by reason of being permanently house-bound.
Those who have a visual or hearing impairment resulting from the existence of another medical condition for which the Veteran is receiving VA care, or which resulted from treatment of that medical condition.
Those with significant functional or cognitive impairment evidenced by deficiencies in activities of daily living, but not including normally occurring visual or hearing impairments.
Those visually or hearing impaired so severely that the provision of sensori-neural aids is necessary to permit active participation in their own medical treatment."
Page 3 of the directive further explains what levels of hearing loss meets the criteria for an audiologist to prescribe hearing aids in this group.
In some cases, a veteran will not qualify for any hearing care benefits, or will have to pay co-pays. For additional information regarding hearing aid coverage through the VA, contact a representative at the nearest VA medical center to begin hearing loss treatment discussions.
Information on signing up for benefits, ordering hearing batteries, wax guards and other accessories is also found on the VA Health Care's Hearing Aids page.
VA disability for hearing loss
If you experienced hearing loss or another auditory problem as a result of service in the U.S. military, you also may be eligible for disability compensation. To find out more, visit VA Disability Compensation.
Can you see a local provider?
Thanks to the MISSION Act of 2018, veterans now have greater access to hearing care providers in their local community. VA Community Care, as its known, may be available to you if you live too far from a VA clinic, or if there is a long waiting time to get an appointment at the closest VA facility. This welcome kit provides more detailed information.  Increasingly, the VA is also offering teleaudiology for veterans who can't travel far.
Veterans and tinnitus
Tinnitus is a common problem among veterans. If you have ringing in the ears, you may qualify for hearing care, disability payments, and the VA's progressive tinnitus management program. Those interested should contact their local VA office for more information. Tinnitus has no known cure, but several techniques can be used to help sufferers acclimate to the sound and manage their reactions to flare-ups.
Preventing hearing loss in today's military
Veterans over 65—especially those who spent an extended amount of time deployed in combat zones—are at nearly twice the risk of developing severe hearing loss compared to their peers.
Current service members can protect themselves against future hearing loss by following these protective measures:
Minimize exposure to noisy environments: While it may not be possible to choose your level of exposure to loud sounds, do try to limit loud sound exposure, both at work and off-duty.
Wear hearing protection: As much as possible, service members should wear protective barriers for their ears. Gunfire is a major cause of hearing loss.
Protect the head to prevent trauma or injury: Protecting yourself against head trauma can reduce the chance of injuries that can contribute to hearing loss.
Have regular hearing check-ups: After a baseline hearing test, military personnel should have their hearing checked at least every two years to catch any changes early, according to the VA.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing aids / VA
Related topics
Health benefits Types and styles Technology Wireless Bluetooth Fitting Reviews and comparisons Prices Insurance & financial assistance Medicare AARP hearing care program Cleaning Repairs Batteries Accessories Children Cochlear implants Bone-anchored hearing systems Used hearing aids Hearing aid manufacturers
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
5 ways to protect your hearing this Fourth of July
Need an audiologist but can't travel? Telehealth may be an option
'How can he hear you but not me?' Hearing loss tested my family in surprising ways
Causes of sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL)
Shooter's ear: Hearing loss caused by gunfire
HLAA convention offers support and fellowship to people with hearing loss
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Cleaning
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!