https://www.vitaloptions.org/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Online Community
I’ll Pay It Forward
Health Topics
Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
Updated Q1 2020
The Vital Options International Internet Information Privacy Policy
Vital Options International (VOI) respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.vitaloptions.org. As such, Vital Options International is committed to safeguarding your privacy. This statement explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way the information you provide us is collected and used. For easy and direct access, we provide a link to this statement from our home page and all other pages of the site.
Vital Options International is the sole owner of and the only organization that uses the personal information collected on this site. We will not sell, trade, rent or share this information to others under any circumstances.
We may however use the personal information you give us to send you information about health grants, health products and other Services, as well as material on behalf of third parties with whom we have a business relationship. Additionally, Vital Options International will review grant applications and in many cases forward qualified applicants to partner organizations who will review, process and award grants to qualifies patients and caregivers.  By third parties and partner organizations, we mean, for example, entities such as health foundations / associations and advertisers that link to our Site or that make use of our Service or content. The information we send you may, on occasion, contain advertising or requests either from us or from a third party on whose behalf we would send the information. For example, we may contact you to see whether you are interested in being considered for an upcoming clinical trial that is being sponsored by a pharmaceutical company.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online practices and does not encompass other areas of the organization or its business operations.
We have updated our Privacy Policy to take into account the new requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) which means if you are a resident of the EU and your records reflect that address, you may be entitled to certain additional protections in accordance with GDPR.
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time, and without prior notice, by posting an amended Privacy Policy and terms on this website. We encourage Members to review this policy periodically for any updates.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL COLLECTS
Shared Data
Some of the information that Members provide about themselves may be shared with the Vital Options International  community, Partners, and others (“Shared Data”). Examples of Shared Data that Members may submit at the Site, including through their health profile (“My Profile”), may include:
Biographical information, e.g. photograph, biography, gender, age, location (city, state and country), general notes;
Condition/disease information, e.g. diagnosis date, first symptom, family history;
Treatment information, e.g. treatment start dates, stop dates, dosages, side effects, treatment evaluations;
Symptom information, e.g. severity, duration;
Primary and secondary outcome scores over time, e.g. ALSFRS-R, MSRS, PDRS, FVC, PFRS, Mood Map, Quality of Life, weight, InstantMe;
Laboratory results, e.g. CD-4 count, viral load, creatinine;
Genetic information, e.g. information on individual genes and/or entire genetic scans
Individual and aggregated survey responses;
Information shared via free text fields, e.g. the forum, treatment evaluations, surveys, annotations, journals, feeds, adverse event reports; and
Connections to other people on the Site, e.g. group member.
In the course of using the Site, Members may share information that could be used to reasonably identify them (“Personal Information”), including name, photograph, and email address. When a Member chooses to share Personal Information via a free text field (e.g. forum, treatment evaluations, annotations, journals, feeds and adverse event reports) and photos or images, the information shall be treated as Shared Data.
Restricted Data
Some of the information that Members enter into certain fields when registering to use or using the Site will not be shared (“Restricted Data”). The type of Restricted Data that Members may submit at the Site may include:
Name, as collected as part of registration or in a Member’s Account Information;
Email address, as collected and verified as part of registration or in a Member’s Account Information;
Password, as collected as part of registration or in a Member’s Account Information.
Mailing address, as collected via email, forms, or private message as part of Member programs;
Date of birth, as collected in My Profile; and
Private messages.
When a Member enters Personal Information, including name and email address, as part of registering to use healtheo360, that Personal Information is treated as Restricted Data.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that often includes an anonymous, unique token, which is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and may be stored on your computer’s hard drive. Two types of cookies are required to use the Site:
Session Cookies are temporary cookies that remain only until you log out of the website or exit your web browser. Session Cookies do not store any Personal Information, only a unique visitor ID number that may be used to ensure Members are properly authenticated and can view site information.
Persistent Cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer, even after you leave the Site. Persistent Cookies also do not store any Personal Information. Persistent Cookies store preferences that should persist from visit to visit, like “Remember Me,” and a unique token to enable us to understand how Members use the Site.
HOW VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL WILL USE YOUR SHARED DATA
Members should expect that every piece of information they submit (even if it is not currently displayed), except for Restricted Data, may be shared with the community, other patients, and Partners. Members are encouraged to share health information but should consider that the more information that is entered, the more likely it is that a Member could be located or identified.
There are instances where both Shared Data and Restricted Data, including Personal Information, may be used and disclosed including, but not limited to, the following:
Vital Options International uses both Shared Data and Restricted Data internally, as needed, for research, for maintenance and operation of the Site, and to create the best possible tools and functionality for patients and caregivers.
Vital Options International may use a Member’s data in the case of an emergency or other circumstance that we determine requires a member of the management team to directly contact the Member.
Vital Options International may share or disclose a Member’s data where required by law or to comply with legal process.
In the event Vital Options International goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another organization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, the Shared Data and Restricted Data, including Personal Information, might be among the assets transferred. Members will be notified via this Site of any such change in ownership or control of Personal Information.
How Shared Data is Used by Vital Options International
Shared Data is viewable via My Profile and through aggregated reports that are made available to other Vital Options International  Members. In some instances, this Shared Data is also viewable to those not registered to join Vital Options International (“Non-members”). We report publicly Shared Data in aggregate, such as the number of patients on a particular treatment or the number of patients experiencing a particular symptom. If a Member chooses to designate My Profile as “Public” (see Privacy Settings below), their Shared Data can also be viewed by Non-members and linked with aggregated reports.
Vital Options International may also periodically ask Members to complete short surveys about their experiences (including questions about products and services). Survey responses are analyzed, combined with Members’ Shared Data and shared with and/or sold to Partners. Member participation in these surveys is not required, and refusal to do so will not impact a Member’s experience on the Site.
Survey Information. From time to time, we may post a survey on the Service, if we have your contact information and your consent, we may send you a questionnaire or survey. Your participation in any survey is always voluntary. We compile statistical information from the responses to our surveys. These statistics do not identify you personally. These statistics help us understand the needs and preferences of the groups we serve and improve the content and functionality of the Site as well as Individual Sites.
Vital Options International may also report individual adverse event and drug safety information to the FDA, CDC, and/or other regulatory bodies (U.S. and international) as well as directly to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Vital Options International does not provide Restricted Data to such regulatory bodies, although we reserve the right to contact Members for follow-up at the request of agencies or Partners. The information Vital Options International reports includes, but is not limited to, all of the information about the Member and/or free text or images on the forums or evaluations, which may include Shared Data. In addition, certain areas within our Site are provided with the support of Partners. These Partners may have adverse event reporting requirements that relate to regulated products that are used by Members of our community, and healtheo360 assists such Partners with reporting adverse events to regulatory agencies.
Vital Options International, like most Internet communities, is a public forum, and Members acknowledge and accept that any information shared through free text or images might be connected to Members’ Shared Data (which may be shared with, sold to, or displayed for others). For example, if a Member puts his or her name (or other Personal Information) into a free text field like the biography, forum, journals or annotations, the Member should know this information may be included in what is shared with, displayed for, or sold to Partners.
RISKS AND BENEFITS
While our goal is to help patients improve health outcomes, there are no certain benefits to using this website.
There are also no known risks to using this website, but there is a possibility that users may feel uncomfortable sharing information online. It is possible that a Member could be identified using information shared on Vital Options International (and/or in conjunction with other data sources). A Member could be discriminated against or experience repercussions as a result of the information shared. For example, it is possible that employers, insurance companies, or others may discriminate based on health information.
Members should understand that anyone can register at Vital Options International and view the Shared Data in the system. If you are reading this Privacy Policy because you have access to the Personal Information of a Site participant, we urge you to recognize and fulfill your responsibility to protect the privacy of that person.
In using the Site, Members are free to skip any non-required questions or data fields that make them feel uncomfortable. Members are also free to stop using this service at any time. If a Member chooses to deactivate his/her account, Vital Options International will not display or sell the data in that account as of the date of deactivation. However, the Member’s data will remain in the system for auditing purposes, and research conducted prior to the deactivation of a Member’s account will still include the Member’s data.
QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, contact us at: info@Vitaloptions.org.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
www.vitaloptions.org and all affiliated sub-domains (the “Site”) is provided by Vital Options International to you subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use and any operating rules or policies that may be published from time to time by Options International. By accessing the Site, you accept without limitation or qualification all of the terms and conditions in this user agreement.
The following terms constitute an agreement between you and Vital Options International (“VOI”), the operator of www.vital options.org (the “Site”). This agreement governs your use of the Site, both as a casual visitor and a registered member as described below.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. TO THE EXTENT YOU REGISTER ON THE SITE AS A MEMBER, THEN IN ADDITION TO THE TERMS THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO ALL USERS OF THE SITE, THE TERMS THAT APPLY ONLY TO MEMBERS SHALL APPLY TO YOU TOO.
Vital Options International Membership Eligibility
To become a member and access the area on this Site reserved for members, including all private discussion forums (the “Member Area”), Vital Options International requires that you are either a (a) diagnosed patient of the particular condition community you are joining or a parent or legal guardian acting for such a patient who is under 18 years of age or incapacitated, (b) caregiver for a patient eligible to join such community, (c) health care professional (e.g. doctor, nurse, health researcher, etc.), (d) guest with legitimate, non-commercial reasons to participate in the community and who agrees to respect the privacy and preserve the dignity of all community participants, (e) person who has been sanctioned to maintain, operate, organize or otherwise facilitate any of the private discussion forums on the Site (a “Facilitator”) and/or (f) guest as authorized by a healtheo360 member, or board member.
Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from registering as members. By registering as a member you represent that you are age 13 or older.
Vital Options International Does Not Provide Medical Advice
ALL OF THE MATERIAL PROVIDED ON THE SITE, SUCH AS TEXT, VIDEOS, TREATMENTS, DOSAGES, OUTCOMES, CHARTS / ILLISTRATIONS, PATIENT PROFILES, GRAPHICS, PHOTOGRAPHS, IMAGES, ADVICE, MESSAGES, GROUP POSTING, BLOG POSTINGS, FORUM POSTINGS, AND ANY OTHER MATERIAL PROVIDED ON THE SITE ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND ARE NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR TREATMENT. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH PROVIDER WITH ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING YOUR HEALTH. NEVER DISREGARD PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON THIS SITE.
IF YOU THINK YOU MAY HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, CALL YOUR DOCTOR OR 911 IMMEDIATELY. NEITHER VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL NOR ANY FACILITATOR RECOMMENDS OR ENDORSE SANY SPECIFIC TESTS, PHYSICIANS, PRODUCTS, PROCEDURES, OPINIONS, OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE MENTIONED ON THE SITE. RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL, BY PERSONS APPEARING ON THE SITE AT THE INVITATION OF VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL (INCLUDING ANY FACILITATOR), OR BY OTHER MEMBERS IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Acceptable and Lawful Use of the Vital Options International Site by Members
Members shall not post or upload any information or other content on the Site that (a) is false, inaccurate or misleading; (b) is obscene, indecent, sexually explicit, or of a sexual nature; (c) infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy of any party; or (d) is defamatory, libelous, threatening, abusive, hateful, or contains pornography. Members shall not interfere with other members’ use and enjoyment of the Site (for example, by harassing, threatening, soliciting, overly promoting personal interests, or stalking another participant of a chat room, forum, seminar, or threaded message, including the use of expressions of bigotry, racism, hatred, or profanity). Members may not use the Site to conduct any activity that is illegal or violates the rights of others, provide instructional information about illegal activities, or promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual.
All members represent and warrant that the information they provided when registering as a member, and all information that they subsequently provide regarding themselves and their membership, is true and accurate and not misleading.
No Sexually Explicit or Pornographic Material
Members shall not post or upload any information or other content on the Site that is obscene, indecent, sexually explicit, contains pornography or of a sexual nature; Members may not use the Site to conduct any activity that is illegal or violates the rights of others, provide instructional information about illegal activities, or promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual. Any uploaded content of a sexual nature will be removed from Vital Options International site and membership in the community revoked.
No Interference with Operation of Site
You may not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the Site or content or services provided on the Site for any purposes. You may not post content on the Site that contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, spiders, or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. You shall not attempt to make the Site unavailable through denial-of-service attacks or similar means. You shall not use contact information provided by members, or collect information about our members, to facilitate the sending of unsolicited bulk communications such as SPAM or SPIM or allow others use of your membership account to take such actions.
Site for Non-Commercial Use Only
The Site content, including the Member Area and the content and information contained in the Member Area, is for the personal use of individual members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become members and should not use the Site without express consent from Vital Options International. Members of Vital Options International with individual commercial interests may not solicit, advertise or overtly promote their products or services within the Member Area. All content shared within the site is not for external use. To garner permission and access to members, please direct all research, media and analyst inquiries to info@vitaloptions.org. Representatives from life sciences and insurance companies are prohibited from creating member profiles in our communities. Please direct inquiries to info@vitaloptions.org.
Privacy
You agree that you have read, understood and accept Vital Options International’s privacy policy. This policy explains Vital Options International’s collection of personal and non-personal information from you when using the Site and its use of and sharing of such personal and non-personal information.
Private Discussion Forums; Facilitators
The Member Area includes private discussion forums which are moderated by the Site’s Facilitators, including forums whereby (1) a Member will only be permitted access to such forum upon acceptance by the Site and/or a Facilitator and (2) the participants will be comprised of those Members who have joined an external support group and who are using the Site as an extension of such support group (“External Group”).  In no event will any Member be entitled to join any such private discussion forum unless and until such Member has been permitted access by the Site and/or a Facilitator.  All such private discussion forums shall be governed by these Terms and Conditions, as modified from time to time.
The Facilitators are not employees or representatives of the Site, and the views expressed by any Facilitator are not necessarily the views of Vital Options International. Vital Options International is not responsible for monitoring or supervising any Facilitator, and fully disclaims any liability for the actions taken by the Facilitators, as more fully described in these Terms and Conditions. In no event shall any Facilitator be deemed to be providing any medical advice. The Facilitator of any private discussion forum may quit or may be removed or replaced from time to time without notice to any Member.
Vital Options International keeps the Facilitators separate and distinct from its staff dedicated to sponsors or partners.  No person will serve as both a Facilitator and a member of Vital Options International’s staff, and no Facilitator will be asked to perform duties on behalf of a sponsor or provide favored treatment to a sponsor or partner.
With regard to the private discussion forums related to an External Group, including External Groups which meet at one or more physical locations, Vital Options International does not supervise any of these External Groups or any related physical locations, and Vital Options International is not involved in any way with the actions of any Facilitators or Members who provide or receive support services or meet in connection with such services. As a result, Vital Options International has no control over the actions of the Facilitators or Members who provide or receive such services or meet in connection with such services, and Vital Options International requests that the Facilitators and Members exercise caution and good judgment when providing or receiving services or meeting with others in connection with such services. Because Vital Options International does not supervise or control any of the services provided or received by Facilitators or Members or any of the physical locations at which services may be provided, or any meetings or interactions among or between Facilitators, Members and other persons, and because Vital Options International has very limited control, if any, over the information that Facilitators and Members upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site, each Member agrees that such Member bears all risk and full responsibility for, and agrees to release Vital Options International from, all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, now and in the future, arising out of or in any way connected with, such Member’s use of the Site, such Member’s provision or receipt of any services in connection with the Site or any meetings or interactions among or between Facilitators and Members and other persons in connection with the Site. Each Member further waives any and all rights and benefits otherwise conferred by any statutory or non-statutory law of any jurisdiction that would purport to limit the scope of a release or waiver.
Posting and Use of Content in the Member Area
The Member Area includes condition community areas, such as forums and member areas, where members may post messages, images, videos, and other content (“User Submissions”). If you are a member, you (or the author) owns the copyright in the messages, images, and other content you post in the Member Area, but by posting such content within User Submissions to the Member Area you grant Vital Options International and our affiliates the right to use, copy, display, perform, distribute, translate, edit, and create derivative works of your User Submissions, subject to the terms of the privacy policy.
While some community areas in the Member Area are monitored periodically for topicality, neither Vital Options International nor any Facilitator has any obligation to prescreen postings and is not responsible for their content. We encourage you to notify us of inappropriate or illegal content and we reserve the right to remove postings for any reason.
You agree not to disclose to any person or entity personally identifiable information about other members that you encounter while using this Site (whether posted in the Member Area by a member or emailed to you by a member) without the express consent of such member. You may disclose information of a general nature (that could not identify the member who provided such information or whom such information is about) to third parties outside this Site, subject to the above restriction on non-commercial use.
Advertisements and Promotions
Vital Options International may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on the web site. The manner, mode and extent of advertising by Vital Options International is subject to change. Each Member’s correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than Vital Options International found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between such Member and such advertiser. Vital Options International is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non- Vital Options International advertisers on the Site.
Sponsors and Supporters
Since launching the Site, Vital Options International has regularly sought sponsorships and advertisements from relevant commercial organizations, manufacturers, and other leaders dedicated to providing health, wellness and lifestyle information. These sponsorships or supports, which are a form of advertising, enable Vital Options International to provide Members with relevant content and support groups at no cost to the Members. Vital Options International provides opportunities for sponsors to provide Members with marketing messages and information about their products and services by publishing their information or links within the Site. Vital Options International takes several steps to ensure that Members can clearly identify content that is provided by and is under the editorial control of the sponsors before Members view it, so Members can make an informed decision as to whether or not to view such content.
“Refer a Friend” Program
From time to time in its sole discretion, Vital Options International may offer its members the opportunity to participate in its [‘Refer a Friend’] program (the “Referral Program”), whereby a member will have the opportunity to submit the names of the member’s friends and family for potential membership on the Site.  Under the Referral Program, Vital Options International will make a donation of $10 to a “Qualifying Charity” (see below) selected by the referring member or Vital Options International, as applicable, for every 5 Successful Referrals. A “Successful Referral” is a person who is not a current or past member of the Site who has completed and submitted all application materials and been accepted as a member. For complete rules regarding the Referral Program, please visit the [‘Refer a Friend’] section in the Member Area.
The following terms and conditions shall govern during all periods in which Vital Options International is offering the Referral Program:
Vital Options International may suspend, modify, or terminate the Referral Program, in whole or in part, for any reason, at any time. Participation in the Referral Program and the benefits that are offered to the members who participate in the Referral Program are at the sole discretion of Vital Options International.
The Referral Program is available only to current members of the Site. The Referral Program is designed for personal and corporate referrals, and not spammers.
The eligibility of any person referred by a member for membership on the Site will be subject to the terms and conditions described above under “Vital Options International Membership Eligibility,” as updated from time to time, and Vital Options International shall not be required to accept the membership of any such referred persons.
Prior to making any donation, Vital Options International reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to confirm that a charitable organization selected by a member has values which are consistent with the values of Vital Options International (a “Qualifying Charity”). If Vital Options International determines that the organization selected by a member is not a Qualifying Charity, then Vital Options International will be entitled to remit the donations on behalf of such member to a Qualifying Charity selected by Vital Options International (i.e., another charitable organization whose values are consistent with those of Vital Options International).  A partial list of current Qualifying Charities can be found in the [‘Refer a Friend’] section in the Member Area.
Each time a member has made 5 Successful Referrals, Vital Options International will promptly notify such referring member.
A referring member will only qualify for a donation in respect of every 5th Successful Referral.  For example, with respect to a member who has provided Vital Options International with 14 Successful Referrals, Vital Options International will donate $20 to the applicable Qualifying Charity.  If such member successfully refers a 15th person at a later time, then Vital Options International will make an additional $10 donation to the Qualifying Charity, assuming that the Referral Program is in effect during all such periods.
Each member participating in the Referral Program acknowledges that any available charitable tax deductions arising from the Referral Program will be for the benefit of Vital Options International, not the member.
The Referral Program is not available to employees, consultants, directors,  shareholders  or other representatives of Vital Options International.
Vital Options International may declare the Referral Program to be void where it is taxed, regulated, prohibited or restricted by applicable law.
The decisions of Vital Options International in respect of any and all aspects of the Referral Program will be final and binding.
Vital Options International expressly disclaims any and all liability arising from the Referral Program.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Submission or other content at this Site infringes upon your copyright, you may submit a written notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) (see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3) for further information) by providing our Copyright Agent (listed below) with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a notification, a representative list of such works at our Site; (iii) a description of the location on the Site of the allegedly infringing material(s); (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material(s) in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a written statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
If a User Submission that you submitted has been removed as a result of a notification as described above and you believe that such a User Submission or portion of a User Submission was posted lawfully, please contact us about our counter-notification procedure through which you can dispute the allegation and request re-posting of the User Submission content at issue.
Member Password and/or Login Identity
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member password and login, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account with or without your knowledge. If you knowingly provide your login and password information to another person, your membership privileges may be suspended temporarily or terminated. You agree to immediately notify Vital Options International of any unauthorized use of your membership password or login or any other breach of security.
Links to Other Websites
Vital Options International may contain links to other websites that are not under the control of Vital Options International. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Vital Options International of such site and Vital Options International is not responsible for the content of such linked sites.
Membership Termination
You agree that Vital Options International may, with or without cause, immediately terminate your Vital Options International membership or limit or terminate your access to the Member Area or the Site without prior notice. Without limiting the foregoing, the following may lead to a termination by Vital Options International of a member’s membership and use of the Site: (a) breaches or violations of this Agreement or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated membership cancellation), (d) unexpected technical issues or problems, and (e) extended periods of inactivity. Vital Options International has no obligation to maintain, store, or transfer to you information or data that you have posted on or uploaded to the Site.
Modifications to this Agreement
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement at any time, and without prior notice, by posting amended terms on this Site. We encourage you to review this Agreement periodically for any updates or changes, which will have an update effective date.
Fees
Membership with Vital Options is currently free. Vital Options International reserves the right to from time to time change the terms of this Agreement and charge for membership and/or to provide additional optional services for a fee.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SITE AND THE CONTENT AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. NEITHER VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL NOR ANY FACILITATOR MAKES, AND EACH OF THEM HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO THE SITE, THE SITE CONTENT, OR ANY ADVICE OR SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE SITE TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. NEITHER VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL NOR ANY FACILITATOR WARRANTS THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
THE ADVICE, RECOMMENDATIONS, INFORMATION, AND CONCLUSIONS POSTED OR EMAILED BY FACILITATORS OR OTHER MEMBERS OF THE SITE ARE NOT IN ANY WAY VETTED, APPROVED OR ENDORSED BY VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL, AND YOU USE SUCH INFORMATION AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL VITAL OPTIONS INTERNATIONAL, ITS FACILITATORS, PARTNERS, CONTRIBUTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) DUE TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR DUE TO YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY OF THE CONTENT CONTAINED OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED ON THE SITE.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Vital Options International, its Facilitators, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and other partners, from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of this Agreement.
International Users
Vital Options International makes no claims that information on the Site is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Personal information (“Information”) that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law and our privacy policy. If you are a non-U.S. user, you acknowledge and agree that Vital Options International may collect and use your Information and disclose it to other entities outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that you consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction as detailed in our privacy policy. If you do not consent to such transfer, you may not use this Site.
Member Notices
If you register as a member, you agree that Vital Options International may send notices to you by email at the email address you provide when registering to become a member (or which you later update using the functionality of the Site).
Governing Law and Venue
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of New Jersey and the applicable federal laws of the United States of America. All disputes arising under, or in any way connected with membership in or use of the Site, shall be litigated exclusively in the state and federal courts residing in the Commonwealth of New Jersey, and in no other court or jurisdiction. You hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the Commonwealth of New Jersey.
Miscellaneous Terms
Vital Options International ® and the Vital Options International logo are trademarks of Vital Options International. You agree not to display or use these trademarks in any manner without Vital Options International’s prior, written permission.
Vital Options International may assign this agreement at any time to a subsidiary or parent company or to a successor to its business as part of a merger or sale of substantially all of its assets. You may not assign or transfer this agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will be unaffected and remain in full force and effect.
Contacting Us
If we need, or are required to, contact you about the privacy or security of your information we may do so by telephone, email, or mail. If you have any questions, concerns, requests, or comments about privacy or our terms and conditions, you can contact us by email, telephone, or mail at:
Vital Options International203 Main St. #179Flemington, NJ, 08822 USAinfo@vitaloptionsinternational.org800-518-2354
Updated: March 18, 2020