http://www.histopathology-india.net/privacy.htm
Histopathology-India.net , Pathopedia-India.com
, Surgical-Pathology.com , Pathology-India.com ,
diagnostichistopathology.blogspot ,
basicpathology-histopathology.blogspot.com,
dermatopathologycases.blogspot.com
(
http://www.histopathology-india.net ;
http://www.pathopedia-india.com
;
http://www.surgical-pathology.com ;
http://www.pathology-india.com
;http://diagnostichistopathology. blogspot.com
;
Basic Pathology Blog ;
http://dermatopathologycases.blogspot.com/ .)
Privacy Policy:
Your
privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this
notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can
make about the way your information is collected and used.
Histopathology-India.net ,
Pathopedia-India.com
,Surgical-Pathology.com ,
Pathology-India.com, diagnostichistopathology.blogspot , basic pathology blogspot
and dermatopathologycases.blogspot.com use Stat Counter (StatCounter.com) to
collect information about
a site user's IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this
information from the user's browser (information provided by every user's
browser). We collect this information and use it to compile general
statistics, such as how many people visit certain parts of the site. We do
not use this information to track you personally.
We also use third party advertisements  to
support our websites.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as
cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our sites, which will also
send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program)
information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to
visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is
generally used for geotargeting purposes
or showing certain ads based on
specific sites visited.
DoubleClick DART cookie is
used by Google  which enables it to serve ads about goods and services
of interest to the users based on their visit to my websites and other sites
on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by
visiting the Google ad and
content network privacy policy.
Visitors can remove the Google Adsense cookie by
clearing the private data in their browser and changing their browser
privacy settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent.
The personal information we collect depends on how
you choose to make use of our website. We will not collect any identifying
or personal information about you unless you are a medical professional or
resident doctor and voluntarily submit such information in the course of
online exchange of academic and educational information.
No email
addresses or/and contact information, names, personal or medical data are
collected for medical advice. If you
submit an inquiry that contains your or someone else's health care
information, condition or needs, we will not respond by providing medical
advice to you.
Editors of Histopathology-India.net
,
Pathopedia-India.com
,Surgical-Pathology.com ,
Pathology-India.com, diagnostichistopathology.blogspot,
basicpathology-histopathology.blogspot
and
dermatopathologycases.blogspot.com
can be
reached via
E-mail.
This page was last updated:  January - 3- 2016
Return to the
Histopathology-India.net ;
http://www.histopathology-india.net , Pathopedia-India.com ;
http://www.pathopedia-india.com
, Surgical-Pathology.com ;
http://www.surgical-pathology.com  , Pathology-India.com ;
http://www.pathology-india.com
, diagnostichistopathology.blogspot ;
http://diagnostichistopathology. blogspot.com
,
http://basicpathology-histopathology.blogspot.com/
;
Basic Pathology Blog
and dermatopathologycases.blogspot.com ;http://dermatopathologycases.blogspot.com/