http://www.emtn.org/terms-conditions/
Skip to Content
I Want To
Call Us
Search
Menu
We are continuing to address the COVID-19 crisis and are working to keep our patients safe. Please click here for information.
Set Your Location
Your location is...
Change Your Location
Set Your Location to See Relevant Information
Use Your Current Location
Set Your Location
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
About Us
Careers
Classes
Contact Us
Main Navigation
Services & Specialties
Find a Doctor
Maps & Locations
Quality & Safety
Patients & Visitors
Health Information
For Medical Professionals
You are here:
Home > Terms & Conditions
SHARE
Terms & Conditions
By accessing or using this Billings Clinic website (“Site”), you signify your assent to these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms & Conditions, do not ACCESS OR use this site.
Billings Clinic may revise and update these Terms & Conditions at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting the modified Terms & Conditions on this Site. You agree to review these Terms & Conditions periodically to be aware of such modifications, and your accessing or using this Site constitutes your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions as it appears at the time of your access or use.
From time to time Billings Clinic may offer Site visitors the opportunity to participate in additional features or services through this Site. You may be required to enter into additional agreements or authorizations before you can access such features or services.
No Medical Advice
The information, including text, graphics and images, and any other material provided by Billings Clinic (“Billings Clinic Information”), or provided by its licensors, suppliers and vendors (“Third Party Information”), or services, products and other resources (“Other Resources”) contained on or accessible through this Site, collectively “Site Content”, is for informational and/or consumer educational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment or for the care that patients receive from their physicians.
This Site and the Site Content are not intended to be used for medical diagnosis or treatment. You acknowledge that the Site Content does not constitute the rendering of medical, nursing, or professional health care advice or services, or the practice of medicine, nursing, or professional health care.
Medical Emergencies
If you have a medical emergency please immediately call emergency personnel (911) to get prompt medical attention. Do not rely on this site or the Site Content for assistance in regard to your immediate, urgent medical needs. This Site is not designed to facilitate medical emergencies. Billings Clinic does not guarantee response times should you use this Site in the event of a medical emergency.
Disclaimers and No Warranties
Billings Clinic expressly disclaims and does not make any express or implied warranties, representations, or ENDORSEMENTS whatsoever (including without limitation, warranties of title or nonfringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement) with regard to this Site or the Site Content.
You acknowledge that use of this Site or the Site Content may not be free from technological difficulties including, but not limited to, unavailability, downtime, disruptions, viruses or worms or that any files or information downloaded from or accessed through this Site will be free of infections, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other malicious code that contains contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for maintaining a means external to this Site for the accuracy of data input and output and for the reconstruction of any lost data.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Use of Site Content
Billings Clinic authorizes you to view or print a single copy of the Billings Clinic Information solely for your personal, noncommercial use so long as: (a) you do not alter or modify the Billings Clinic Information in any way; (b) you include any notices and disclaimers (including copyright notices) contained in the Billings Clinic Information; and (c) you do not use the Billings Clinic Information in a way that suggests an association with Billings Clinic. Additional obligations for use may be required for users of this Site and/or the Site Content.
All elements of this Site including without limitation, the general design and the Site Content are protected by trade dress, copyright, trademark and other United States and foreign laws relating to intellectual property rights and title will remain at all times with Billings Clinic, its licensors, suppliers or vendors, as applicable. Any use of this Site or the Site Content not expressly permitted by these Terms & Conditions is a breach of these Terms & Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved for Billings Clinic, its licensors, suppliers and vendors.
Discontinuance
Billings Clinic is providing this Site and the Site Content as a courtesy to you. Billings Clinic reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Site and the Site Content without notice. If you breach any of these Terms & Conditions, your access to this Site and permission to use the Site Content terminates automatically and you must immediately destroy any copy you may have made of any part of the Site Content.
Limitation of Liability
THE USE OF THIS SITE AND SITE CONTENT IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL BILLINGS CLINIC, ITS LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND VENDORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, FEES, FINES, PENALTIES, OR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS SITE AND/OR SITE CONTENT. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE AND/OR THE SITE CONTENT IS TO STOP USE OF THIS SITE AND THE SITE CONTENT.
Trademarks and Copyrights
You acknowledge that all trademarks, service marks, logos and/or copyrighted materials displayed on this Site and/or the Site Content are the property of Billings Clinic, its licensors, suppliers or vendors. Nothing in these Terms & Conditions or otherwise should be construed as granting any right or license to any such trademarks, service marks, logos and/or copyrighted materials without the express prior written permission of its owner. User Agreements
You acknowledge and agree that you will not:
Use this Site or the Site Content for any purpose in violation of any local, state, federal or international laws;
Attempt to disable, “hack” or otherwise interfere with the proper functioning of this Site or the Site Content; and
Use the Site to post or to transmit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or embarrassing to any other person or entity.
Copyright Notice & Takedown Procedures
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of such materials (or access thereto) from the Site by contacting Billings Clinic in writing using the address in our Contact Us link.
Please include the following information: (i) detailed identification of the purportedly infringing material(s); (ii) detailed identification of the copyrighted work you believe is infringed; (iii) your name, address, phone and email contact information; (iv) your statement that you have a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner; (v) your statement that the information you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that “under penalty of perjury” you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and (vi) your valid signature or electronic equivalent acceptable under the E-Sign Act.
External Links
This Site may contain hyperlinks to websites controlled by third parties. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not imply endorsement by Billings Clinic of, or any affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owner of the linked site. Billings Clinic is not responsible for the privacy practices nor the content or use of any linked site, or any consequence of making the link. Billings Clinic encourages you to be aware when you are leaving this Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit before providing any personally identifiable information.
Governing Law
You agree that any claim or dispute relating to this Site or your use or reliance on this Site and/or the Site Content shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Montana without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties agree to be bound and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the local, state or federal courts located in Yellowstone County, Montana. If any portion of these Terms & Conditions is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest extent possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
User Name and Password
In the event you access this Site and/or the Site Content using a User Name and Password, you acknowledge that you are solely responsible for keeping such User Name and Password strictly confidential.
Privacy
Billings Clinic cannot guarantee the confidentiality of information received and sent over the Internet or by electronic mail (e-mail). For more details, please see the Billings Clinic Privacy Policy for additional terms relating to privacy, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Virtual Care
We have options for care from the comfort and safety of your home for many of our services.
Learn more about Billings Clinic Virtual Care.
406-255-8400 or 800-252-1246
Virtual Care Help
Related News
Billings Clinic treats first patients at Outpatient COVID-19 Infusion Unit
December 9, 2020
Critically ill Billings Clinic nurse with COVID 19 showing signs of recovery
December 9, 2020
Montana Women’s Run Donates to local Women’s and Children’s Health and Fitness Programs
December 8, 2020
Billings Clinic receives additional COVID-19 resources from State of Montana
November 13, 2020
Billings Clinic secures federal COVID resources with help from State of Montana
November 2, 2020
View More
Support Billings Clinic
Make a Gift Online
Request an Appointment
Get Care Now
View my Medical Record
Pay my Bill
Make a Gift
Find a Job
Call our HealthLine
406.238.2500
800.332.7156
Connect With Us
Billings Clinic Foundation
Request Financial Assistance
Sign up for eNewsletter
Volunteer at Billings Clinic
Resources
Donations & Sponsorship Request Form
Internal Medicine Residency
News & Media
Nursing Excellence
Research
Site Privacy
Patient Privacy
Terms & Conditions
See important information from Billings Clinic on Non-discrimination and Interpreter Services.
Billings Clinic is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action (EOE/AA) e-verify employer.