http://www.troubledteens.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Who we areOur website address is: https://www.troubledteens.com. Your privacy is very important to us. Troubled Teens we have a few fundamental principles that we follow:We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site.What personal data we collect and why we collect itZion Educational Systems Inc. (“ZES”) operates several websites including troubledteens.com. It is ZES’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Like most website operators, ZES collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. ZES’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how ZES’s visitors use its website. From time to time, ZES may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.We and designated service providers may obtain the following types of personal information in connection with this Site:name, email address, postal address, account names and passwords, or other contact informationsignature, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, or other similar identifiersFamily, Professional, employment-related, or education informationInternet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a user’s interaction with an Internet website, application, advertisementDemographic informationbilling information, credit card number, health insurance or other financial informationgeolocationPersonal information is obtained directly from you, from others authorized to provide the information, from activity on the Site, and from other parties with whom we work, such as service providers, business partners, advertisers, advertising technology providers, and advertising servers. If you submit personal information about others, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and that you have received authorization from the person about whom you are providing the information and that person has consented to have all information used, disclosed, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We use this information for carefully considered purposes which also benefit our customers and which include some or all of the following:to provide and facilitate our services and productsto operate our services, products, and systems properlyto communicate with youto help ZES improve, upgrade, or enhance our services and products and develop new services and productsto provide support for our services and products,to maintain the quality and safety of products and services and for internal quality control purpose including debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionalityto provide you with offers and promotions about services and products of ZES or of other parties that may be of interest to youto enhance your experience with this Site, including to save your preference and login information, providing customized content or contextual advertisements, and providing tailored advertisements to analyze website usage, analyze use of this Site, analyze and measure ad impressions, and to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of ZES or others and to monitor compliance with and enforce the terms of any agreement with ZESto send confirmation or and other communications using mobile alerts and messaging services. In addition to the mobile alert services (SMS) , you may also receive additional notifications from us. By providing a mobile number that allows you to receive text message or short message reminders and information, you are opting to participate in our mobile alert and messaging service and you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions related to our SMS text notification services. As a user of this text message service you acknowledge that text messages are distributed via third-party mobile network providers and therefore we are unable to control all functions related to the delivery of text messages. You acknowledge that it may not be possible to transmit all text messages successfully. While we do not charge you for these services, message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. To stop receiving text messages, text STOP to a text message you receive. You consent to receive one last message from us confirming your inactivation. If you stop using your mobile phone number you must alert us immediately to unsubscribe from the service. Information contained within the contents of the text messages do not constitute advice and you should not rely on upon the text messages in making any health related decision.to monitor to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and hold those responsible for that activityAggregated StatisticsZES may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, ZES may monitor the most popular pages on the site or use a service to help identify spam. ZES may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, ZES does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Who we share your data withProtection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationZES discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on ZES’s behalf or to provide services available at ZES’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using ZES’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. ZES will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, ZES discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when ZES believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of ZES, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of ZES website and have supplied your email address, ZES may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with ZES and our services.ZES takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Social MediaIf you visit our social media pages, like Facebook, we may engage with you, if you engage with us. By doing so, you “opt in” to sharing your content with us. Be aware that such content (PII, images, captions, and comments, etc.) that you submit (upload, post, comment, share, “like”, etc.) to third party social media sites (including any of our message boards or tweets) is publicly visible, not private and cannot be considered private PII. To manage social media notifications you receive, correct or delete your PII, or adjust your privacy settings, access the profile section of your social media accounts and follow the directions there.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.For more information or to send a written request, you may write to us at Privacy Officer, PO Box 1; Meridian, ID 83680.  Your California Privacy RightsIn addition, if you are a California resident, you may have the right, consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws to request:certain information about our collection, use, sale, or disclosure of your personal informationdeletion of your personal information collected or maintained by usto opt-out of the sale of your personal informationYou also have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.To exercise a right related to your personal information, please contact us by clicking here.If you are a California resident, ZES may share, in some cases sell, personal information related to tailored advertising to third parties for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and you may adjust your preferences related to tailored advertising by using the designated mechanisms within ZES digital properties or by selecting the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” option in this form.If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by ZES to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes.To make such a request, please send an email with your first name, last name, mailing address, email address and telephone number to us. Please include “California Privacy Rights” in the Subject line of your email.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, ZES may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in ZES’s sole discretion. ZES encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
© 2020 Troubled Teens All Rights Reserved
Terms of Services | Privacy Policy
Powered by Zion Educational Systems
Get Help Now
Speak to a Counselor
Let's Chat
We Are Here For You
We understand this is a difficult time for you. Sadly we do not know of any free programs.
- Step 1 of 3I'm Looking For: *Therapeutic Residential ProgramCall from a counselorWhat type of resources are you seeking? School or Program Enrollment InformationTherapeutic Program Referral Speak to a Therapist or CounselorTherapist Referral ListNextDo You Have Insurance? YesNoWhat type of insurance do you haveEmployerPrivate PayMedicaidOtherDaily treatment costs can range between $250.00 - $2,000.00 per day.
Would you like to continue? YesNoNext
We are sorry but at this time we do not offer any services that would be a good fit for your family.
Would you like to receive emails and updates from troubledteens.com?YesNoContact InformationName *FirstLastEmail *MessageSubmit