https://www.myeloma.org.uk/help-and-support/living-well-with-myeloma/diet-exercise/
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
INFOLINE: 0800 980 3332
DONATE NOW
Infoline: 0800 980 3332
Office: 0131 557 3332
Understanding myeloma
Understanding myeloma
From diagnosis to common complications, here you’ll find all the information you need to help you better understand myeloma.
View Section
What is myeloma?
What causes myeloma?
Diagnosis
Symptoms & complications
Treating myeloma
Treating myeloma
Initial treatmentSupportive care treatmentsTreatment for relapsed myelomaClinical trials and novel drugs
Related conditions
Related conditions
AL amyloidosisMGUSPlasma cell leukaemiaPOEMSSmouldering myelomaSolitary plasmacytoma
Help & Support
Help & Support
We provide a number of services, support and advice to help you cope with a diagnosis and manage myeloma ongoing.
View Section
Myeloma Infoline
Ask the Nurse
Support Groups
Patient and family digital events
Living well with myeloma
Living well with myeloma
TravelRelationshipsDiet & exerciseEmotional & psychological supportFinancesPlanning ahead
Support for carers
COVID-19 information hub
Forum
Forum
Register
Fundraising & Donations
Fundraising & Donations
We use your donations and contributions to work towards finding a cure. We can also assist with your own fundraising efforts.
View Section
How your money helps
Donations
Donations
Donate monthlyDonate nowGifts in willsGiving in memoryGiving in celebrationOther ways to givePhilanthropy
Do your own fundraising
Do your own fundraising
Planning your own eventBoosting your incomeAfter your eventBecome a partnerTell us about your event
Take part in an event
Take part in an event
Running eventsWalking eventsCycling eventsChallengesTell us about your event
Lost in Lapland
Campaigns
Myeloma UK Lottery
Gift Aid explained
Research & Patient Advocacy
Research & Patient Advocacy
We work to find the best treatments and make them available, to improve patient care and, ultimately, find a cure for myeloma.
View Section
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
Myeloma UK Clinical TrialsClinical Trial Finder
Myeloma Drug Finder
Translational research programme
Health Services Research Programme
Patient and Carer Research Panel
Patient Advocacy
Advocacy Partner Panel
For Researchers
Research Advisory Group
Our Role
Our Role
We are the only organisation in the UK which deals exclusively with myeloma. Discover more about us and how we work.
View Section
Our strategy
Our impact
Our values
Our people
Our board
Our president
Our annual reports
News & Stories
News & Stories
Read the latest news and updates from Myeloma UK.
View Section
Myeloma UK News
Fundraising News
Research News
Patient Advocacy News
Patient Stories
Sign up to our e-newsletter
Myeloma UK Blog
Search
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
page
Home // Help & Support // Living well with myeloma // Diet & exercise Diet & exercise
Eating a healthy diet and taking regular exercise are two positive steps all myeloma patients should think about. Making healthy lifestyle choices will help you cope both mentally and physically when living with myeloma.
Share
Eating well
There are no specific dietary recommendations for myeloma patients, so myeloma patients should follow a normal healthy diet. This can help you maintain your energy and strength and may aid recovery after treatment. A healthy diet should include carbohydrates, protein, fruit and vegetables, dairy and fat.
There will be times when you may need to pay greater attention to the foods you eat. For example, you may need to alter your diet if your immune system is compromised and your white cell count is low. This is because you’re at increased risk of picking up an infection.
Some myeloma treatments can affect how much and what you want to eat. It’s important to eat what you can, when you can, to help keep your energy up.
Myeloma can sometimes reduce how well your kidneys work, so it is important to drink a lot of fluids to help your kidneys work well – 2 to 3 litres (or 3 to 5 pints) of liquid per day is recommended. All liquids count and tea, coffee and alcohol can be included, in moderation.
Exercising
As well as eating well, you should exercise regularly. Being physically active can improve your physical and emotional ability to carry on with day-to-day life, boost your mood and help to improve fatigue.
The most important thing for you to think about when planning any sort of exercise is the effect it might have on your bones. You should avoid strenuous exercises like weightlifting or contact sports such as rugby. Gentle forms of exercise such as walking, swimming, cycling, gentle aqua-aerobics, gentle gym work, yoga and tai chi are good for overall health and for muscle strengthening.
Further reading
Infopack for living well with myeloma
Find out more
Other important information
Myeloma Matters
Free tri-annual myeloma specific magazine. Sign up for more details.
Subscribe Now
AL amyloidosis Matters
Free twice yearly AL amyloidosis specific newsletter, sign up for more details.
Subscribe Now
Help & Support: Speak to one of our trained and qualifed Myeloma Information Specialists or email us
0800 980 3332
Copyright Myeloma UK 2020
Close
Cookie use on our siteThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please indicate your preference below, or read our Cookie Information to find out more.
Accept Reject Customise CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you explore our website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for making sure the website works properly for you. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website, and for marketing purposes. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Always enabled, these cookies are required for the website to work properly, such as when you view videos or add items to the shopping cart.
Analytics
analytics
To help us understand how you use our website and tailor the site to meet your needs, we use analytics cookies. It’s important to remember we can’t identify individuals with this type of cookie, but it does give us an overview of what works well on our website and what doesn’t.
Advertisement
advertisement
We use advertising cookies to deliver highly relevant advertisements to our audiences, through platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram.
Functional
functional
These cookies are needed for certain elements of our website to work properly, although it will generally work without these. Some links may not work correctly, for example.
Save & Accept