https://www.drsullivan.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Privacy of Collected Data
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Information to opt out of Google Analytics
Information About Remarketing
This website uses Google remarketing to advertise online using text or image ads on the Google Display Network. Remarketing is a feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our site, and show them relevant ads when they visit other sites on the Google Display Network.
For websites using remarketing, a third-party DoubleClick cookie is used to enable remarketing for products like AdWords on the Google Display Network. When someone visits our website, a few lines of code will drop an anonymous browser cookie. This cookie is a small file that stores information. The cookie will store the site visit, but does not store any sensitive information, such as visitor name, address or any other piece of information that might personally identify the visitor. The cookie will be enabled for a set period of time, such as 30 or 60 days, at which time, the cookie expires.
What is the Google Display Network?
A group of more than a million websites, videos, and apps where ads can appear. Sites in this network have partnered with Google to show relevant AdWords ads.
Remarketing restrictions
Our website will never:
run remarketing ads that collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
create a remarketing list or ad text that specifically targets users in ways that are outlined as “prohibited” by Google
Opting out of Remarketing
Visitors may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager.
Visitors may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
An Artist’s Approach to a Natural Appearance
Our Patients
View Our Entire Patient Photo Gallery
Click Here
Featured In:
View Media & Press
Schedule a Consultation
do or do not , there is no try
Providence, RI 02905
Overall 4.8 stars out of 402 reviews
Home
Dr. Sullivan
Why Choose Dr. Sullivan
Community Involvement
Patients’ Perspectives – Video
Patients’ Perspectives – Cards
News and Media
Dr. Sullivan’s Blog
Newsletter
Our Practice
About Us
Meet Your Team
Out of Town Patients / Virtual Consultations
Patient Reviews
Financing Options
Video Library
Upcoming Events
New Patient Form
Procedures
Facial Procedures
Facial Rejuvenation/Lift
The Silhouette InstaLift™
Neck Contouring/Lift
Forehead/Browlift
Fat Injections/ Stem Cell
Eyelid/Blepharoplasty
Asian Eyelid Surgery
Ear Pinning/Reshaping
Nose/Rhinoplasty
Non-Surgical Options
KYBELLA™ Double Chin Treatment
BOTOX® Cosmetic and Dysport®
Injectable Dermal Fillers
Skin Care and Peels
Latisse™
Eyelash Enhancers
Body Contouring
Liposuction
Abdominoplasty/Tummy Tuck
Buttock Augmentation
Breast Enhancement
Breast Augmentation
Breast Augmentation With Lift
For Men
Facial Rejuvenation and Brow Lift
Male Neck Contouring/Lift
Male Liposuction
Male Breast Reduction/Gynecomastia
Eyelid Lift (Blepharoplasty)
Nose Surgery (Rhinoplasty)
Fat Injections
Before & After Gallery
Gallery Pictures
Video Library
Patient Stories
News & Media
Contact Us
Email Us
Virtual Consultations
Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Copyright © 2020 Patrick Sullivan, M.D.
Online Marketing Los Angeles by Studio III | Digital Strategy by SEOversite
We Are Open!
View Update
Virtual Consultation
Dr. Sullivan is happy to announce he has resumed elective surgeries!
We are also now seeing patients in the office again following all guidelines and taking every precaution
possible to provide an incredibly safe environment for all patients and staff.
Due to cases being moved back from the spring and the pent up demand for our services we are expecting
to be FULLY booked out for the summer soon, limited spots are available. If you have any interest in
summer surgery or services, please call us or contact us immediately so we can help you coordinate this
before those spots become unavailable. Further, if you are seeking any services or surgery in 2020, we
are anticipating an increase in price soon to deal with operating room fee increases.
We are here for any surgical or cosmetic questions you may have. Get in touch with us to see if there is
any way we can help you.
We will continue to be here virtually for all those who prefer to have consultations in the comfort of
their home.
Our online virtual consultations have been a very popular option for patients from as far away as Asia
as well as usual coast to coast patients from New York to California, Oregon to Florida and many in New
England.
Our virtual web consultations can be done right in the comfort of your own home, all you need is a
secure internet connection and a computer, tablet or smartphone! We have 5 main steps we aim to
accomplish with the virtual consultation:
We listen to each patient carefully to establish exactly what it is they are looking for.
We will give instructions to each patient on the specific pictures we will need from them as part
of the virtual consultation. We send out sample pictures of just what we need, and the patient can
send back their pictures that replicate this.
We have chosen specific before and after photos of Dr Sullivan’s patients in order to show the
patients what a prospective patient can expect (note, individual results will vary).
We plan out and together come up with what we think is going to be a superb treatment plan for
them.
Finally, we find a time that is best for them that we can get this done.
We welcome you. Please come - we are open & here for you. If you would like to have a VIRTUAL CONSULTATION or an IN PERSON CONSULTATION or have any questions at all, please give us a call at
401-214-5121 or contact us via the website to set up your virtual consultation today!
Virtual Consultation
Dr Sullivan was recently featured in the Providence Journal. With a high demand worldwide for his services, Dr Sullivan adapts to continuing patients' inquiries with virtual consultations.
Learn More
Virtual Consultation