http://www.cientis.com/about/policies_terms/advertising-policy.aspx
Join
Sign In
Ratings
Research
Blog
Education
About
Contact
EHR Ratings, Reviews & ComparisonTop 10 EHRsEHR Product ListEHR ComparisonAdvanced EHR SearchReadiness AssessmentEHR Proposal RequestRate Your EHRSyndicated ReportsSurvey on Physician Use of EHR Systems - Ease of Use Baseline Data Physicians Use of EHR Systems 2014 2014 EHR Market ShareTablet & Mobile ReportTablet Report 20132013 Mobile UsageCombo Market Share2013 EHR Market Share2011 EHR Market ShareTraining & SatisfactionCustom ResearcheHealth Sharing NeedsHistorical EHR DataEHR ResourcesEHR ImplementationEHR CertificationMeaningful UseE-Prescribing
Privacy & SecurityEHR PricingWebinarsSelecting the Right HardwareCoping with Chart ConversionChange Management StrategiesFinancing Your EHRMeaningful Use CriteriaMeaningful Use ImplicationsPodcastseNewslettereNewsletter TopicsWho We ArePartner OrganizationsContent PartnersAdvisory GroupsSite GovernanceTerms of UseEditorial PolicyAdvertising PolicyEHR RatingsCode of ConductPrivacy PolicyLearn MoreNewsFAQs
ADVERTISING POLICY
Last Updated: April 17, 2010
About > Site Governance > Advertising Policy
The following policy has been developed to oversee and manage different types of advertising on the AmericanEHR website. AmericanEHR reserves the unconditional right to interpret and enforce this policy and all guidelines or matters associated with advertising or sponsorship on the AmericanEHR website. For the purposes of this policy, advertising content includes banner advertisements, sponsored content, logos, images, or graphic content displayed on the website.
AmericanEHR reserves the right to amend this policy at any time at its sole discretion by publishing a revised policy on the AmericanEHR website.
Non Endorsement: At no time and under no circumstances will the acceptance and display of any advertising or sponsorship content be considered an endorsement by AmericanEHR of that company or organization’s products or services or an endorsement of the company or organization that promotes, distributes or manufactures the advertised products or services.
A. Advertising Guidelines
The following guidelines must be adhered to by all advertisers on the AmericanEHR website:
All advertisers must comply with applicable laws and guidelines as defined by organizations such as the FDA or other regulatory bodies. Sponsored continuing education programs must be identified in accordance with the guidelines of pertinent accreditation organizations.
If products or services are advertised at a specific price, the advertiser must guarantee the price including disclosure of applicable taxes and delivery fees.
B. Advertising Policies
AmericanEHR Partners will not accept advertising for search results through which one product may be presented more favorably than another based upon a monetary incentive provided by an advertiser or sponsor. AmericanEHR Partners will not accept or publish “Ad-words” or other forms of text-based advertising that can be misconstrued as editorial content. AmericanEHR Partners requires that sponsors of each advertisement must be clearly identified in the copy of every advertisement. All advertising content will be clearly identified on the website. Labels such as “Advertisement” or “Paid Promotion” will be used to identify this content. If an advertisement, promotion, or sponsorship is initiated by a subsidiary, foundation, or other related business entity of a parent company, AmericanEHR Partners requires that the “parent” entity be identified as part of the advertisement, promotion, or sponsorship. Advertisements will not be integrated with educational or objective content in any way that will infer endorsement of a particular product or service. All advertisements must be approved by AmericanEHR Partners prior to being published. Should an advertiser not comply with this policy, the advertisement(s) will immediately be removed from the website. In a situation in which there has been a breach of advertising policy, fees paid for the advertisements in question will be non-refundable. One-Strike Rule: Should an advertiser be found to be in breach of this advertising policy, they will not be provided a second chance and will banned from future advertising on AmericanEHR Partners. AmericanEHR Partners does not assume responsibility concerning advertisers, their positions, practices, services, or products. Advertising will not be allowed that could injure the good name or reputation of AmericanEHR Partners or any affiliated organizations.
C. Advertising Content Suitable for Publication
At its sole discretion, AmericanEHR Partners will accept the following types and categories of advertising content and materials. These include, but are not limited to, the following:
Electronic health records (EHRs) and other health information technologies such as EHR modules. Equipment directly applicable to medical practice, such as diagnostic devices, devices with scientifically established efficacy, equipment, hardware, and software for practice or business management. Educational programs or materials related to the acquisition of medical information or the enhancement of medical, technology, or practice management skills. Information technology implementation, change management, or project management positions offered and sought. Products approved by the FDA for prescription or application by physicians and announcement advertising for pending products that comply with FDA guidelines. Drugs approved by the FDA for nonprescription, over-the-counter (OTC) sales, if the product contains only agents recognized as having therapeutic effects and in compliance with FDA guidelines. Products pending approval, if the advertising does no more than call attention to the product’s development and complies with FDA guidelines.
Advertisements may be accepted for additional products or services not listed above provided they meet all other requirements.
D. Advertising Content Not Suitable for Publication
The following categories and types of advertisements will not be permitted on the AmericanEHR Partners website. These include, but are not limited to, the following:
Advertisements that are deceptive or misleading. Advertisements that are factually inaccurate. Advertisements containing exaggerated or extravagantly worded copy. Advertisements for products or services deemed to be objectionable. Advertisements that denigrate a competitor’s products or services. Advertisements for products or services not directly relevant to the use of healthcare information technology or the practice of medicine. Advertisements that convey ethnic, religious, gender, or age bias or prejudice. Advertisements that resemble editorial material, content, or form. Advertisements for drugs and diagnostic tests not FDA-approved for general use. Advertisements for alcohol or for any form of tobacco product. Advertisements that contain embedded data capture fields. Advertisements that extend beyond the defined advertising space or that spontaneously present pop-ups or
additional content without initiation by the user.
E. Sponsorship Policy
Sponsorship is actively pursued by AmericanEHR Partners as a means to provide financial support in order to continually enhance the service offerings to users in accordance with the following principles:
Sponsors will be sought that provide products or services that support growth of the entire EHR market. Sponsorship may be provided through financial funding or in-kind services or a combination of both. Organizations or companies that comply with advertising and sponsorship policies may sponsor specific sections of the website. Sponsors will be clearly identified and the sponsor logo or name will be presented in a non-intrusive and unbiased manner. Vendors of EHR systems in the U.S. may not function as a sponsor of AmericanEHR Partners. Should an existing sponsor of AmericanEHR Partners become an EHR Vendor, they will no longer be entitled to function as a sponsor and will be required to forfeit their sponsorship status.
Example: A Sponsor could be a national computer hardware supplier that
supplies products to physician practices for a wide range of EHR
software products. All sponsored content will be clearly identified with a label such as “Sponsor” or “Sponsored by” including the logo or the name of the sponsoring company or organization.
F. Rights Reserved
AmericanEHR Partners reserves the right:
To reject, cancel, or remove at any time any advertising from the AmericanEHR website including as a result of the breach of any law or regulation. Should advertising be removed from the website, an explanation will be promptly provided to the advertiser citing the reason for removal, cancellation or rejection. To determine the appropriate placement of advertising on the website. To seek the opinions of consultants or subject matter experts in determining the eligibility of products and suitability of claims. To require submission of scientific documentation supporting the medical use of any product represented by a submitted advertisement. To make the final decision regarding the acceptability of all products, ad copy, and services to be advertised or exhibited. To hold the advertiser and/or its advertising agency jointly and separately liable for money due and payable to the publisher.
Home/
Find an EHR/
Terms of Use/
Privacy Policy/
Code of Conduct/
Contact
©
AmericanEHR. All Rights Reserved. Website by Hot Tomali