http://www.mchs.edu/privacy-terms
Visit
Apply
Transfer
Staff
Students
Privacy Terms
Mercy College of Health Sciences is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Mercy College of Health Sciences site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Mercy College of Health Sciences site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Mercy College of Health Sciences collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Mercy College of Health Sciences also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Mercy College of Health Sciences. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Mercy College of Health Sciences for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Mercy College of Health Sciences site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Mercy College of Health Sciences public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Mercy College of Health Sciences does not read any of your private online communications.
Mercy College of Health Sciences encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Mercy College of Health Sciences so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Mercy College of Health Sciences is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Mercy College of Health Sciences and Mercy College of Health Sciences family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Mercy College of Health Sciences collects and uses your personal information to operate the Mercy College of Health Sciences Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Mercy College of Health Sciences also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Mercy College of Health Sciences and its affiliates. Mercy College of Health Sciences may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Mercy College of Health Sciences does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Mercy College of Health Sciences may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Mercy College of Health Sciences may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Mercy College of Health Sciences, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Mercy College of Health Sciences does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Mercy College of Health Sciences keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Mercy College of Health Sciences, in order to determine what Mercy College of Health Sciences services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Mercy College of Health Sciences to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Mercy College of Health Sciences Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mercy College of Health Sciences or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Mercy College of Health Sciences; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Mercy College of Health Sciences, or the public.
When you provide your information you may receive communication from Mercy College of Health Sciences via email, telephone, and text message for informational related purposes. By submitting your information you agree and consent to receipt of such communications. Individuals are eligible to opt-out of any generic marketing communications that are unrelated to course administration, or emergency communication, at any time, through the supplied opt-out mechanism.
Use of Cookies
The Mercy College of Health Sciences Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Mercy College of Health Sciences pages, or register with Mercy College of Health Sciences site or services, a cookie helps Mercy College of Health Sciences to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Mercy College of Health Sciences Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Mercy College of Health Sciences features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Mercy College of Health Sciences services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Mercy College of Health Sciences secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Mercy College of Health Sciences secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Mercy College of Health Sciences will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Mercy College of Health Sciences encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Mercy College of Health Sciences is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Mercy College of Health Sciences welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Mercy College of Health Sciences has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Mercy College of Health Sciences at webmaster@mchs.edu. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Request Info
Next step before transforming into a life-saving hero: complete the form below. Our admissions team will get you all the info you need to know.
Request Info
CAMPUS
928 6th Ave.
Des Moines, IA
EMAIL
Admissions: admissions@mchs.edu
PHONE
Admissions: (515) 643-6715
General: (515) 643-3180
Academic Programs
BACHELOR'S DEGREES
Healthcare Administration (Online)
Health Sciences (Pre-Health Professions)
Nursing: Accelerated BSN (1-year)
Nursing: BSN
Nursing: Paramedic to BSN
Nursing: RN to BSN (Online)
Public Health (Online)
ASSOCIATE DEGREES
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Medical Assisting (Online)
Nursing: ASN (Nights & Weekends)
Paramedic: EMS
Physical Therapist Assistant
Radiologic Technology
CONTINUING EDUCATION
CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS
Medical Assisting (Online)
Medical Laboratory Science
Paramedic: EMS
MERCYPLUS (Online)
Nursing: RN to BSN
Healthcare Administration
Medical Assisting
Public Health
About Us
Mercy College of Health Sciences has been transforming students into healthcare professionals since 1899. Located in downtown Des Moines, Iowa, we offer bachelor’s degrees, associate degrees, certificate programs, and continuing education courses.
Mercy College is the only private Catholic college in central Iowa and is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (HLC), in addition to numerous programmatic accreditors.
Get Connected
Mercy College is a Catholic, accredited, nonprofit institution of higher learning.
Questions? Contact our Enrollment Coach by phone (515) 412-0214 or email Dlively@mercydesmoines.org
Please note: The tuition reduction is effective for enrollment in future terms and will not be applied retroactively.
* Mercy College PLUS online programs are not eligible for this benefit.
X
Request Info
Loading...
Admissions
Let's Get Started
Admission Requirements
Apply Now
Visit
Transfer
Fund Your Education
Scholarships
Explore Costs
MercyPLUS
Veterans Educational Benefits
Get In Touch
After You're Admitted
Major-Specific Information
Orientation & Registration
Academics
Academic Programs
Core Requirements
Academic Calendar & Catalog
Nursing Degrees
Bachelor's Degrees
Healthcare Administration
Health Science (Pre-Health Professions)
Nursing: Accelerated BSN
Nursing: BSN
Nursing: RN to BSN
Nursing: Paramedic to BSN
Public Health
Associate Degrees
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Medical Assisting
Nursing: ASN
Paramedic: EMS
Physical Therapist Assistant
Radiologic Technology
Certificate Programs
Medical Assisting
Medical Laboratory Science
Paramedic: EMS
MercyPLUS Degrees (Online)
Continuing Education
Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support
Advanced EKG
Advanced Medical Life Support
AHA Instructor Classes
Basic EKG
Critical Care Paramedic
CPR and First Aid
EMS Safety
Emergency Medical Technician
PALS and PEARS
Pediatric Education for Pre-Hospital Professionals
Pre-Hospital Trauma Life Support
Nursing Continuing Education
Experience
Campus Ministry
Student Clubs & Organizations
The M-Shop
Student Support
Career Services
Catherine's Cabinet
Housing and Dining
Study Abroad & Immersion Trips
Alumni
Distinguished Alumni Awards
Alumni Events
Alumni Photos
About
About Us
Our Legacy
Vision, Mission and Values
Institutional Outcomes
Accreditation
Consumer Information
Campus Map
College Directory
Board of Directors
President's Welcome
College Leadership
College News
Around Des Moines
Donate
Employment
Get in Touch
Our Healthcare Partners
Staff
Students