http://www.vetsdirectory.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Find Local Vets
England
Scotland
Wales
Ireland
Help
Vets Login
Edit or Add Your Vet Listing
Online Pet Shop
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for www.Vets Directory.co.uk.
The privacy of our visitors to www.VetsDirectory.co.uk is
important to us.
At www.VetsDirectory.co.uk, we recognise that privacy of your
personal information is important. Here is information on what types of
personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit
www.VetsDirectory.co.uk, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in
log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP
(internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such
as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as
Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which
pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal
preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only
showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some
of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on
www.VetsDirectory.co.uk
to support our site.  Some of these advertisers may use technology
such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which
will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google
AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the
browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have
Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes
(showing UK day out ads to someone in the UK, for example) or showing
certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads
to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s
DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are
browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising
(including some Google AdSense advertisements).  This cookie is
used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based
targeting”).  The ads served will be targeted based on your
previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites
about visiting UK Days Out, you may see UK day out advertisements when
viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about sport).  DART
uses “non personally identifiable information”.  It does NOT track
personal information about you, such as your name, email address,
physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank
account numbers or credit card numbers.  You can opt-out of this ad
serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or
third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences
in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can
affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other
websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or
programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any
advertising program.  Unless you have settings that disallow
cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a
new cookie will be added.
Follow Vets Directory on
Directory of UK Vets
A directory of over 3000 vets listed in our directory of vets and
veterinary practices.
Plus links to our Pets Directory site of
over 7000 Pet Bussinesses and Pet Services.
It is COMPLETELY FREE to search our directory of UK Vets !
We Love Pets !
See Camping with the Kids.co.uk for
hints and
tips about camping with the kids.
Home |
Find Vets |
Help Using Vets Directory |
Online Pet Shop
Vets in England |
Vets in Scotland |
Vets in Wales |
Vets in Ireland
Get Your Vets Practice Listed |
Jobs With Vets |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Vet and Pet Links
Copyright 2005-2015 - Vets Directory.co.uk - All Rights Reserved |
Privacy Policy
Zoos and Wildlife Parks |
Pets Directory
A Part of the Solutions for Vets Network
| An Animal Publications
site
SiteMaps: HTML |
XML