http://www.pni.org.uk/about-pni/pni-org-uk-terms-conditions/
Home
What is PNI
Books
PNI Symptoms
PP Symptoms
Real Stories
Research
How We Can Help
Helpful Links
Mutual Support Forum
One to One Support
Our Anxiety Toolkit
Our Forum
HU Forum
Info for Men
News
LIVE Web TV Chat with PNI ORG UK
Support Us
How You Can Help PNI ORG UK
How You Can Help Sufferers
Our Shop
About Us
Contact us
Member Initiatives
Our Forum
Our Founder
Patrons of PNI ORG UK
PNI ORG UK Charity Details
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Testimonials
Corporate
MOO.COM
Donate via Everyclick
Real help from real women
Terms & Conditions
PNI ORG UK Terms and Conditions
1. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions govern your use of PNI ORG UK, including use of the Proboards forum, private Messaging within Proboards and Addon Chat. We may amend or add to these terms and conditions without notice to you, so please check them periodically.
2. Registration
When you register with us, you are stating that you are over 18 years of age or are a minor acting with parental consent. You agree that any information you provide to us about yourself upon registration or at any time is true. See Terms and Conditions for more information.
You must keep the password which you use to access PNI ORG UK confidential and must not disclose it to or share it with anyone. You will be responsible for all activities that occur under your password.
3. Privacy
Click here to read our privacy policy, which forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
4. Use of 3rd party services provided by PNI ORG UK, including (but not limited to) Proboards and Addon Chat
If you use the Proboards forum, private messages or the chat facility provided by these 3rd parties, you alone are responsible for the content of your messages and any consequences arising from them. By using PNI ORG UK you agree to comply with the following:
(a)   PNI ORG UK is to be used by you for your personal use only and may not be used for commercial purposes (to promote a company, product or service or to recruit staff) without prior written permission.
(b)   Any information you post on the Proboards forum, both in Public and Password Protected areas is your responsibility alone. This includes (but is not limited to) the creation and deletion of all posts. It is not the responsibility on PNI ORG UK to remove any posts which you decide you want to be removed at a later date. It is your responsibility to do this yourself.
(c)   PNI ORG UK may not be used to send chain letters, junk mail, ‘spam’, solicitations (commercial or non-commercial) or bulk communications of any kind. If a member puts an email address or web address into a message, you may not use it for any purpose other than that which the Member intended.
(d)   If using any 3rd Party Service provided by PNI ORG UK including Proboards and Add-on Chat, to arrange to meet someone, you do so at your own risk, and PNI ORG UK accepts no liability for any consequences.
(e)   You may not post to any 3rd Party Services provided by PNI ORG UK or use them to publish, send or distribute any message or material (in any media or form) that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, threatening, racially or sexually or otherwise discriminatory, offensive, inaccurate, is in breach of confidence or a 3rd party’s intellectual property rights or which otherwise includes objectionable material of any kind or nature, that encourages or engages in conduct that could constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or which has a disruptive influence on PNI ORG UK.
(f)   You (whether acting in your capacity as a journalist in any media or otherwise) must not post appeals for case histories on PNI ORG UK. All media requests should be sent to admin@pni.org.uk. Unauthorised appeals for information will be removed.
(g)   You must not impersonate any other person or entity, whether actual or fictitious.
(h)   You must not use PNI ORG UK or any 3rd party service provided by PNI ORG UK including Proboards and Addon Chat, in a way that might reasonably be expected to cause the website to be interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient or which could in any way damage the operation of another’s computer.
(i)   PNI ORG UK reserves the right in its absolute discretion at any time to edit, alter, delete or move any material posted to, appearing on or distributed by PNI ORG UK or veritee.proboards.com and you. PNI ORG UK will not enter into any discussions about its decision to edit, alter, delete or move such material.
(j)   PNI ORG UK may at any time, and without prior or post warning, close discussions on the Proboards forum as it feels appropriate. No discussion will be entered into.
(k)   PNI ORG UK may withdraw membership of PNI ORG UK from any member at any time. Attempts to rejoin, may result in legal action. PNI ORG UK’s decision is final and no discussion will be entered into.
6. Submission of Topics, Posts, Private Messages and Comments
By adding a topic, post, private message or comment to the PNI ORG UK, veritee.proboards.com or the Add-on chat facility, you agree to comply with the following terms:
(a)   PNI ORG UK reserves the right in its absolute discretion at any time to edit, alter, delete or move any material, such as topics, posts, private messages and comments added by PNI ORG UK and you. PNI ORG UK will not enter into any discussions about its decision to edit, alter, delete or move such material.
7.  Intellectual Property
All copyright, trademarks (registered or unregistered) and other intellectual property rights of whatsoever nature arising from all materials, content and information on this site, including the site’s design, layout and organisation, are owned or licensed by PNI ORG UK.
Except where stated, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form by any means, including but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of PNI ORG UK.
Permission is granted to access, download, or print such material for your personal, non-commercial use only and is subject to these terms and conditions.
By submitting content to PNI ORG UK, including your username, you grant PNI ORG UK a right to use, reproduce, modify, and publish it in other areas within the PNI ORG UK website and Proboards. You also permit any member to access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal use.
9. 3rd Party Web Sites, Goods and Services
PNI ORG UK provides links to 3rd party web sites. We make no representations as to the quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any sites to which we may provide links, or any goods or services available from such sites.
All matters concerning any goods and services that you purchase from a 3rd party site, including, without limitation, all contract terms are solely between you and the owner of that site and PNI ORG UK will not be liable for any costs or damages to you or any 3rd party arising directly or indirectly out of any third party website. You hereby waive any claim you might have against PNI ORG UK with respect to any such sites.
10. Disclaimer of Warranties
PNI ORG UK is providing this site on an ‘as is’ basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents and disclaims all such representations and warranties.
The content on the site and forum has been included in good faith. The content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Whilst PNI ORG UK endeavours to ensure that the information on this site is correct, no warranty, express or implied, is given as to its accuracy and PNI ORG UK does not accept any liability for error or omission.
In particular, the support and information in the Proboards forum and site does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation or arrangement by PNI ORG UK and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific decisions or to be a substitute for obtaining professional advice. You should consult a doctor, health or appropriate professional if you require specific advice and / or a definitive diagnosis.
You are responsible for checking the accuracy of relevant facts and opinions given on the site before entering into any commitment or taking any other form of action or inaction based upon them.
PNI ORG UK does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of postings submitted by users, moderators, administrators or trustee’s on the forum, or endorse any opinions expressed by users, moderators, administrators or trustee’s.
All conditions, warranties, terms and undertakings express or implied statutory or otherwise in respect of the provision of the content and the Site are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
11. Limitation of Liability
Neither PNI ORG UK nor any of its trustees, administrators, moderators, users or other representatives will be liable for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with your use of PNI ORG UK or pniorguk.proboards.com or any information contained within it. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
You agree to indemnify and hold PNI ORG UK and its trustees, administrators, moderators, users or other representatives harmless from any claim or demand made by any 3rd party due to, or arising from, your use of the site.
12. Breach of These Terms
PNI ORG UK will be entitled to restrict, suspend or terminate your membership and / or deny you access to PNI ORG UK, if PNI ORG UK determines, at its sole discretion, that you are in breach any of the Terms and Conditions; or that your use of PNI ORG UK is inappropriate or otherwise unacceptable.
The restriction, suspension or termination of our service pursuant to this section will be without prejudice to any rights which PNI ORG UK may have against you, in respect of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
13. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold each of PNI ORG UK’s trustees, administrators, moderators, users or other representatives, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable solicitors fees, made by any 3rd party due to, or arising out of, your use of PNI ORG UK, the violation of these Terms and Conditions by you, or the infringement by you or any other subscriber of your account; or of any intellectual property or other right of any other person or entity.
14. Applicable Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and any dispute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
15. Forum Rules
The Terms of Service for the Proboards forum can be found here.
The Proboards Privacy Policy can be found here.
16. Miscellaneous
Any failure or delay by us to enforce strict performance by you of any of the Terms and Conditions or to exercise any right under the Terms and Conditions will not be construed as a waiver to any extent of our rights.
These Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy constitute the entire understanding between yourself and PNI ORG UK. They supersede all prior agreements and understandings between us.
Should you have any questions in regards to these Terms & Conditions, please contact us at enquiries@pni.org.uk
About Us
Contact us
Member Initiatives
Our Forum
Our Founder
Patrons of PNI ORG UK
PNI ORG UK Charity Details
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Testimonials
Tweets by @PNIORGUK
Donate now to support our Charity
Donate via Everyclick
About us
PNI ORG UK was established in 1998 by Veritee Reed Hall. It is a
registered charity, No. 1113840.
Read more »
Help from real women
We are not medical professionals or 'experts' in PNI, this site was founded by women who have suffered or are suffering Post Natal Illness. Therefore we urge you not to rely on any information you have gained from this web site or any other web site or information service, as a diagnosis.
Contact us
If you want to get in touch with PNI ORG UK, please use the following methods...
Get in touch »
Copyright © 2020 pni.org.uk. All rights reserved.
Charity number 1113840.
Socialise with us on Twitter or Facebook
Home
What is PNI?
Our Forum
About Us
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy