http://www.amia.org/amia-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
announcement
Home
Print
Share
Main menu
About AMIA
Membership
News & Publications
Programs
Education
Meetings & Events
Public Policy
Career Center
Informatics Core
The Science of Informatics
Informatics Areas
Translational Bioinformatics
Clinical Research Informatics
Clinical Informatics
Consumer Health Informatics
Public Health Informatics
AMIA Privacy Policy
Effective date: 3/1/2019
AMIA has updated its Privacy Policy, including new information specifically addressed to individuals in the European Economic Area. As described in the Privacy Policy, this website utilizes cookies, including for the purpose of offering an optimal online experience and services tailored to your preferences. Clearing your cache also clears the cookies.
Please read the entire Privacy Policy. By closing this message, browsing this website, continuing the navigation, or otherwise continuing to use the AMIA's websites, you confirm that you understand and accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, including the utilization of cookies.
Disclaimer
The AMIA website www.amia.org is a service that is intended to provide useful information for AMIA members, consumers and other interested persons, in furtherance of AMIA's mission as a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation. The website is funded through AMIA member dues and other program fees. Editorial content is prepared and reviewed by the AMIA staff and advertising is clearly marked. While it is AMIA's intent to always present accurate information, for documents and information available from this site, AMIA does not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed. Care has been taken in the compilation of this website. The statements contained on this site are believed to be correct. If you are aware that any of the information here contains mistakes or needs updating, please contact us.
AMIA reserves the right to accept or refuse advertising. Reference in this website to any specific commercial products, process, service, manufacturer, or company does not constitute its endorsement or recommendation by AMIA.
Contents
Who we are
How to contact us
How we collect Personal Data
How we use your Personal Data
When we share and who can access your Personal Data
Selling of your Personal Data
Security
How long we store your Personal Data
Where we store your Personal Data
Cookies
Children’s Privacy
Links to Third-Party Sites and Services
Your rights
Information correction, removal, and opting out
Opinions
Copyright
Trademark
Financial and Customer Information
Changes to this Notice
Introduction
This Notice explains how the American Medical Informatics Association (“AMIA”, “we”, “group” or “us”) collects and processes your Personal Data. Each time you use our Site, the current version of this Notice will apply. Accordingly, whenever you use our Site, you should check the date of this Notice (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version. This Notice is applicable to all Site visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Site.
“Personal Data” is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
By visiting www.amia.org or related properties, (together the “Site”), you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Notice.
Who we are
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), the Data Controller is the American Medical Informatics Association registered in Bethesda, Maryland, USA with a registered address at 4720 Montgomery Lane, Suite 500, Bethesda, MD, 20814
Our VP Marketing and Communications, Krista Martin, is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Notice for the purposes of the GDPR.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice, or about the AMIA.org website please contact us using the mail@amia.org section on our Site.
Alternatively, you may contact us by phone at 301-657-1291, by sending an email to mail@amia.org or by mail to 4720 Montgomery Lane, Suite 500, Bethesda, MD, 20814
The names and contact information on this website are published to facilitate contact among those listed for AMIA purposes only. It is not intended, and we request that it not be used, for commercial purposes.
How we collect Personal Data
Personal Data that you give us
We may collect and process the following Personal Data:
Contact information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our Site and when you report a problem with our Site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information and/or credit card information.
Call for Participation Submission information, which you provide when submitting any content for review or consideration for inclusion in an AMIA education webinar, event, meeting, conference, symposium.
Membership information, about your membership including your name, contact details such as address, phone number and email address (business or personal), age, job title, government identification numbers (e.g. social security number, passport number etc.), year of admission and any other information related to your membership. Membership information may be provided by you during the registration process, or by your employer on your behalf.
Dues payment information, including financial information such as credit/debit card and account numbers used to register or renew your membership.
Purchase information, relating to purchases made by members and non-members of delegate passes and event participation, books, reports, journals or newsletter subscriptions either in-person or via our Site. Purchase information will include financial information as well as information concerning the content and time of the purchase.
Disciplinary information, relating to ethics/disciplinary programs in which complaints against members are adjudicated, with the result being possible suspension/expulsion from membership. This may include extensive information about a member's business or professional activities, including employment information, and similar information relating to other individuals involved in the investigation, though would usually not include financial information.
Certification information, relating to certification programs, in which members are pursuing or granted certification if they meet specified educational/employment experience requirements and/or pass an exam. This may include extensive information about the experience/performance of those certified or accredited.
Personal Data we collect from you
Regarding each of your visits to the Site we will automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number; andLocation information
Personal Data we collect from others
We may receive information about you from publicly available and third-party databases or services that provide information about business people that we believe will help us identify provide products and services that may be of interest to you. We will obtain your consent before contacting you if required by the law of the country in which you are located.
Non-Personal Data
We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser and we may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site, including, without limitation:
IP addresses
Browser type and plug-in details
Device type (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
Operating system
Local time zone
We may use non-Personal Data for various business purposes such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our Site. Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
How we use your Personal Data
We will only process your Personal Data, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn at any time, or (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or (3) we are required by law, or (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests.
Personal Data that you give us
We may use Personal Data that you provide directly to us for the following purposes:
to carry out our obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract entered between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us;
to organize events that you have purchased or registered for, and to provide you with information, and other materials, relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors and other attendees;
to provide our newsletter and other publications, provided you have given your consent;
to respond to your questions and provide related membership services;
to provide you with information about other events, products and services we offer that are like those that you have already purchased, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about events, products or services we feel may interest you, provided you have given your consent;
to transfer your information as part of a merger or sale of the business;
to notify you about changes to our membership service; and
to ensure that content from our Site is presented most effectively for you and your computer.
Information we collect about you
We will use Personal Data that we have collected about your use of our Site:
to administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Site to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Personal Data we receive from other sources
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined Personal Data for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
When we share and who can access your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Notice with:
a member of our group
partners, suppliers and sub-contractors, for the performance of obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract we enter with them or you or to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Site
trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Site and our membership services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and payment processing)
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
if AMIA or substantially all its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
We will only transfer your Personal Data to trusted third-parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.
Selling your Personal Data
We will never sell your Personal Data to third parties without your opt-in consent.
Security
Although we use security measures to help protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the internet.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
AMIA’s services may be delivered via third-party partners connected or validated through secure Single-Sign On implementation via AMS (netForum xWeb).
Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and International Users
We are headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. By using our Service, you consent to any transfer of this information.
How Long we Store your Personal Data
We will store your Personal Data, in a form which permits us to identify you, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data is processed. We may retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Personal Data quickly upon request.
Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with our Site. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you service, contact us at mail@amia.org. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We maintain one or more databases to store your Personal Data and may keep such information indefinitely.
Where we store your Personal Data
The Personal Data that you provide to us is generally stored on servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Data is submitted through our Site, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and that the United States currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place
Cookies Policy
A "cookie" is a small file that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk allowing our server to remember specific information about your session. While visiting certain pages you may occasionally encounter a web page that employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these web pages. We use session cookies for certain functions. The cookie and the information about your session is cleared when you clear your cache. Please check your web browser to learn about managing your cookie settings. If you disable cookies you will still be able to use the AMIA site but will be unable to use cookie-dependent features or receive or access personalized content. In exceptional circumstances persistent cookies may be employed, but they are never used for tracking users' queries or navigation through the site.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13, if you are not 13 years or older, do not use our Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we learn that Personal Data of persons less than 13 years-of-age has been collected through our Site, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Site without your consent, then you may alert us at mail@amia.org so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor's Personal Data from our systems.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
Our Sites may contain links to third party websites, applications and services not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the activities or content of these sites, applications or services nor any association with their operators. Company is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party including websites or services directly linked to our Service. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party site that you link from our Service.
Your rights
Correction and removal
If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, or you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, you may do so by visiting the your AMIA Profile https://www.amia.org/myprofile or contacting us at mail@amia.org.
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing message that you receive, by visiting your AMIA preferences page. If you have questions about opting out send a message to us at mail@amia.org.
Your European Union/European Economic Area Rights
FOR EUROPEAN DATA SUBJECTS ONLY. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting us using the Contact Us section on our Site.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Data Request transfer of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw your consent
In addition, where you believe that AMIA has not complied with its obligations under this Notice or European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the Contact Us section on our Site.
Your Californian Rights
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Data with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Data to AMIA, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at one of the following addresses: mail@amia.org
AMIAAttn: California Privacy Rights4720 Montgomery Lane, Suite 500,Bethesda, MD, 20814
Opinions
The opinions expressed by contributors to member designated areas of the website are solely those of the individual writers and authors and do not reflect the opinions of AMIA, the members of the AMIA Board of Directors or individual committees, task forces or working groups.
Copyright
The contents of all material available on this site are copyrighted by AMIA unless otherwise indicated. All rights are reserved by the AMIA and content may not be reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of the AMIA.In the member portal, the AMIA member directory provides contact information for members. Each member may choose what is and is not shown in the member directory to other members by visiting your profile page and navigating to “My Account”. Members may not download, scrape, mine or otherwise use the information for any commercial or non-commercial purpose. Members caught abusing the directory will have their access revoked.
Trademark
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of AMIA appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate AMIA' sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, without AMIA's prior express written permission.
Financial and Customer Information
Our site uses order forms that allow customers to request information, products, and services. We collect a visitor's contact information (e-mail address) and may collect unique identifiers (their membership identification number), and financial information (account or credit card numbers). Contact information collected from the order form is used to send orders to customers. Financial information is used to collect payment from the user for billable products and services. Credit card information is not retained by AMIA.
Changes to this Notice
If we make any material changes to this Notice or the way we use, share or collect personal Data, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Notice, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.
Any changes we make to this Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notification sent to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Notice.
Information updated March 1, 2019
JAMIA Access
If you are a member with a JAMIA Subscription, go to
If you do not receive JAMIA through an AMIA membership, go to
If you like to join AMIA
To access all AMIA benefits such as JAMIA, discount meeting fees,
upgrade your membership to Regular.
Please contact Member services at (301) 657-1291 or mail@amia.org for upgrade.