http://www.sullivanspharmacy.com/privacypolicy
Call Us Today! (617) 323-6544
Hours: Mon - Fri: 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sat: 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.
Sun: 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Prescription Refills
Contact Form
Long Term Care
Phone: (617) 327-0210
Fax: (617) 323-8776
info@sullivanshealthcare.com
Home Medical Equipment
Phone: (617) 325-0013
Fax: (617) 687-8507
hmecontact@sullivanspharmacy.com
Sullivan's Pharmacy
1 Corinth St
Roslindale, MA 02131
Phone: 617-323-6544
Fax: 617-469-5627
contact@sullivanspharmacy.com
Toggle navigation
Home
Pharmacy
Prescriptions
Compounding
Long Term Care
Medical Supplies
News
News
Your Health
Medicare Part D Info
Smartphone
About Us
About Us
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Career Opportunities
Locations
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy NoticeWe know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.What Personal Information About Customers Does This Site Gather?The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at this site.Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this site. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at this site if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.What About Cookies?Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features in the purchasing process, personalized greetings, and storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of this site's coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.Does This Site Share the Information It Receives?Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired or assigned, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.Protection of Our Store and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of this company, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.How Secure Is Information About Me?We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.Which Information Can I Access?This site gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with this site for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.ChildrenThis site does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.Conditions of Use, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit this site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at this site, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.Information You Give UsYou provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through this site or one of our third-party sellers; make an auction bid or purchase; provide information in your account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address when shopping with us) or about you; communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide employer information when opening a corporate account. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers); email addresses of other people; content of reviews and emails to us; and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.Automatic InformationExamples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; email address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.Information from Other SourcesExamples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links from Google); and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.Information You Can AccessExamples of information you can access easily at this site include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, communications preferences, and address book); payment settings (including credit card information and gift certificate, gift card, and check balances); email notification settings; guides, and personal profile.HIPAA PRIVACY PRACTICESOur Responsibilities We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your health information and provide you a description of our privacy practices. We will abide by the terms of this notice and notify you if we cannot agree to a requested restriction. We will accommodate reasonable requests you may have to communicate health information by alternative means or at alternative locations. Uses and Disclosures The following categories describe examples of the way we use and disclose medical information: For Treatment We may use medical information about you to provide you treatment or services. We may disclose medical information about you to nurses, technicians, and medical students, other physicians, and/or hospital personnel who are involved in your care. For example: a specialist treating you for a broken leg may need to know if you have diabetes because diabetes may slow the healing process. We may also provide other healthcare providers with copies of various reports that should assist him or her in treating you. For Payment We may use and disclose medical information about your treatment and services to bill and collect payment from you, your insurance company or a third party payer. For example, we may need to give your insurance company information about your care so they will pay us or reimburse you for the treatment. We may also tell your health plan about treatment you are going to receive to determine whether your plan will cover it. For Health Care Operations Members of the staff may use information in your health record to assess the care and outcomes in your case and others like it. The results will then be used to continually improve the quality of care for all patients we serve. For example, we may combine medical information about many patients to evaluate the need for new services or treatment. We may disclose information to doctors, nurses, and other students for educational purposes. And we may combine medical information we have with that of other practices or hospitals to see where we can make improvements. We may remove information that identifies you from this set of medical information to protect your privacy. We may also use and disclose medical information to Business Associates, we have contracted with to perform the agreed upon service and billing for it; to remind you that you have an appointment for medical care; to assess your satisfaction with our services; to tell you about possible treatment alternatives; to tell you about health-related benefits or services; to inform funeral directors consistent with applicable law; for population based activities relating to improving health or reducing health care costs and for conducting training programs or reviewing competence of health care professionals. Business Associates There are some services provided in our organization through contracts with business associates. Examples include services for radiology, laboratory testing, and transcription services. When these services are contracted, we may disclose your health information to our business associates so they can perform the job we’ve asked them to do and bill or your third-party payers for services rendered. To protect your health information, however, we require the business associate to appropriately safeguard your information. Directory We may include certain limited information about you in the hospital directory while you are a patient at a hospital. The information may include your name, location in the hospital, your general condition (e.g. fair, stable, etc.) and your religious affiliation, to other people who ask for you by name. If you would like to opt out of being in the facility directory please request the 'Opt Out' form from the admission staff or Facility Privacy Official. Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care We may release medical information about you to a friend or family member who is involved in your medical care or who helps pay for your care. In addition, we may disclose medical information about you to an entity assisting in a disaster relief effort so that your family can be notified about your condition, status and location. Research We may disclose information to researchers when an institutional review board that has reviewed the research proposal and established protocols to ensure the privacy of your health information has approved their research. Future Communications We may communicate to you via newsletters, mail outs or other means regarding treatment options, health related information, disease-management programs, wellness programs, or other community-based initiatives or activities our practice is participating in. Organized Health Care Arrangement This practice is presenting this document as a notice. Information will be shared as necessary to carry out treatment, payment and health care operations. Physicians and caregivers may have access to protected health information in their offices to assist in reviewing past treatment as it may affect treatment at the time. Affiliated Covered Entity: Caregivers at other facilities or practices may have access to protected health information at their locations to assist in reviewing past treatment information as it may affect treatment at this time. Please contact the facility or practice Privacy Official for further information on the specific sites included in this affiliated covered entity. As Required by Law We may also use and disclose health information for the following types of entities, including but not limited to: Food and Drug Administration; Public Health or Legal Authorities charged with preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability; Correctional Institutions; Workers Compensation Agents; Organ and Tissue Donation Organizations; Military Command Authorities; Health Oversight Agencies; Funeral Directors, Coroners and Medical Directors; National Security and Intelligence Agencies; Protective Services for the President and Others. Law Enforcement/Legal Proceeding We may disclose health information for law enforcement purposes as required by law or in response to a valid subpoena. State Specific Requirements Many states have requirements for reporting including population-based activities relating to improving health or reducing health care costs. Your Health Information Rights Although your health record is the physical property of the practice practitioner or the facility that compiled it, you have the following rights: Inspect and Copy You have the right to inspect and copy medical information that may be used to make decisions about your care. Usually, this is medical and billing records, but does not include psychotherapy notes or other notes which are legally forbidden to disclose. We may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain very limited circumstances. If you are denied access to medical information, you may request that the denial be reviewed. Another health care professional chosen by the practice will review your request and the denial. The person conducting the review will not be the person who denied your request. We will comply with the outcome of the review. Amend If you feel that medical information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to amend the information. You have the right to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept by us for the practice. We may deny your request for an amendment and if this occurs, you will be notified of the reason for the denial. An Accounting of Disclosures You have the right to request an accounting of disclosures. This is a list of the disclosures we make of medical information about you not involved in treatment, payment, or health care operations. Request Restrictions You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the medical information we use or disclose about your for treatment, payment or health care operations. You also have the right to request a limit on the medical information we disclose about you to someone who is involved in your care or the payment for your care, like a family member or friend. For example, you could ask that we not use or disclose information about a visit that you had. We are not required to agree to your request. If we do agree, we will comply with your request unless information is needed to provide you emergency treatment. Request Confidential Communications You have a right to request that we communicate with you about medical matters in a certain way or at certain locations. We will agree to the request to the extent that is reasonable for us to do so. For example, you can ask that we use an alternative address for billing purposes. A Paper Copy of This Notice You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may ask us to give you a copy of this notice at any time. Changes to This Notice We reserve the right to change this notice and the revised or changed notice will be effective for information we already have about you as well as any information we receive in the future. The current notice will be posted on the practice’s website and include the effective date. In addition, each time you visit the practice for treatment or health care services, we will have available a copy of the current notice in effect. Complaints If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the practice by contacting the main number and asking for the practice Privacy Official or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with the practice, contact the Privacy Official. All complaints must be submitted in writing. You will not be penalized for filing a complaint. Other Uses for Medical Information Other uses and disclosures of medical information not covered by this notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written permission. If you provide us permission to use or disclose medical information about you, you may revoke that permission, in writing, at any time. If you revoke your permission, we will no longer use or disclose medical information about you for reasons covered by written authorization. You understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures we have already made with your permission, and that we are required to retain our records of the care that we provided you, job we’ve asked them to do and bill or your third-party payers for services rendered. To protect your health information, however, we require the business associate to appropriately safeguard your information. Directory We may include certain limited information about you in the hospital directory while you are a patient at a hospital. The information may include your name, location in the hospital, your general condition (e.g. fair, stable, etc.) and your religious affiliation, to other people who ask for you by name. If you would like to opt out of being in the facility directory please request the 'Opt Out' Form from the admission staff or Facility Privacy Official. Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care We may release medical information about you to a friend or family member who is involved in your medical care or who helps pay for your care. In addition, we may disclose medical information about you to an entity assisting in a disaster relief effort so that your family can be notified about your condition, status and location. Research We may disclose information to researchers when an institutional review board that has reviewed the research proposal and established protocols to ensure the privacy of your health information has approved their research. Future Communications We may communicate to you via newsletters, mail outs or other means regarding treatment options, health related information, disease-management programs, wellness programs, or other community-based initiatives or activities our practice is participating in. Organized Health Care Arrangement This practice is presenting this document as a notice. Information will be shared as necessary to carry out treatment, payment and health care operations. Physicians and caregivers may have access to protected health information in their offices to assist in reviewing past treatment as it may affect treatment at the time. Affiliated Covered Entity: Caregivers at other facilities or practices may have access to protected health information at their locations to assist in reviewing past treatment information as it may affect treatment at this time. Please contact the facility or practice Privacy Official for further information on the specific sites included in this affiliated covered entity. As Required by Law We may also use and disclose health information for the following types of entities, including but not limited to: Food and Drug Administration; Public Health or Legal Authorities charged with preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability; Correctional Institutions; Workers Compensation Agents; Organ and Tissue Donation Organizations; Military Command Authorities; Health Oversight Agencies; Funeral Directors, Coroners and Medical Directors; National Security and Intelligence Agencies; Protective Services for the President and Others. Law Enforcement/Legal Proceeding We may disclose health information for law enforcement purposes as required by law or in response to a valid subpoena. State Specific Requirements Many states have requirements for reporting including population-based activities relating to improving health or reducing health care costs. Your Health Information Rights Although your health record is the physical property of the practice practitioner or the facility that compiled it, you have the following rights: Inspect and Copy You have the right to inspect and copy medical information that may be used to make decisions about your care. Usually, this is medical and billing records, but does not include psychotherapy notes or other notes which are legally forbidden to disclose. We may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain very limited circumstances. If you are denied access to medical information, you may request that the denial be reviewed. Another health care professional chosen by the practice will review your request and the denial. The person conducting the review will not be the person who denied your request. We will comply with the outcome of the review. Amend If you feel that medical information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to amend the information. You have the right to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept by us for the practice. We may deny your request for an amendment and if this occurs, you will be notified of the reason for the denial. An Accounting of Disclosures You have the right to request an accounting of disclosures. This is a list of the disclosures we make of medical information about you not involved in treatment, payment, or health care operations. Request Restrictions You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the medical information we use or disclose about your for treatment, payment or health care operations. You also have the right to request a limit on the medical information we disclose about you to someone who is involved in your care or the payment for your care, like a family member or friend. For example, you could ask that we not use or disclose information about a visit that you had. We are not required to agree to your request. If we do agree, we will comply with your request unless information is needed to provide you emergency treatment. Request Confidential Communications You have a right to request that we communicate with you about medical matters in a certain way or at certain locations. We will agree to the request to the extent that is reasonable for us to do so. For example, you can ask that we use an alternative address for billing purposes. A Paper Copy of This Notice You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may ask us to give you a copy of this notice at any time. Changes to This Notice We reserve the right to change this notice and the revised or changed notice will be effective for information we already have about you as well as any information we receive in the future. The current notice will be posted on the practice’s website and include the effective date. In addition, each time you visit the practice for treatment or health care services, we will have available a copy of the current notice in effect. Complaints If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the practice by contacting the main number and asking for the practice Privacy Official or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with the practice, contact the Privacy Official. All complaints must be submitted in writing. You will not be penalized for filing a complaint. Other Uses for Medical Information Other uses and disclosures of medical information not covered by this notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written permission. If you provide us permission to use or disclose medical information about you, you may revoke that permission, in writing, at any time. If you revoke your permission, we will no longer use or disclose medical information about you for reasons covered by written authorization. You understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures we have already made with your permission, and that we are required to retain our records of the care that we provided you.To contact us with questions or cencerns regarding HIPAA:Sullivan’s Pharmacy & Medical Supply ATTN:HIPAA Officer1 Corinth St. Roslindale, MA To contact us via phone, please call 617-323-6544 and ask to speak to the HIPAA Officer.
Call Us Today!
(617) 323-6544
1 Corinth St
Roslindale, MA 02131