http://www.acap.edu.au/corporate/acap-cookie-policy/
Close
ACAP Cookie Policy
ACAP Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. Cookies may also be used to complete functions you activate by interacting with the site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are known as persistent cookies.
You can find a wide variety of independent information about cookies on the internet.
The types of cookies we use are briefly described below:
Cookie
Purpose
More information
Analytics Cookies
These cookies are used to recognise and monitor the number of visitors and unique visits we have to our website, as well as monitoring the use of our website. This helps us to improve the way our website works and no personal information is collected.
Google Analytics is one of the systems we use to monitor website interaction. For more information on these cookies, visit Google's advertising privacy policy at: google.com
Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used when you activate certain functions or interact with the website - for example by playing an embedded video, using Google maps, or clicking our Twitter or Facebook links. These cookies are set by the following; Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, Google
For more information on the cookies set by third party providers, please visit the relevant website.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are fundamental to the normal performance of our website and are set automatically. These are most commonly used to facilitate the completion of registration forms.
Not Available
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are placed by third party advertising platforms or networks in order to deliver ads and track ad performance, enable advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities (this is sometimes called “behavioral” or “targeted” advertising) on the Websites. They may subsequently use information about your visit to target you with advertising that you may be interested in on the Website and other websites. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Websites. They do NOT contain any PII (personal identifiable information).
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
By using our site you confirm that you have read this policy and allow us to use cookies in order to provide you with the best user experience possible. For more information about how we use information we obtain about you, please read our privacy policy.