http://www.csomaonline.org/privacy-policy/
(800) 477-4564
info@csomaonline.org
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Updated 1/06/20
CSOMA operates csomaonline.org (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this Log Data. The Log Data section is for businesses that use analytics or tracking services in websites or apps, like Google Analytics.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information via email (email newsletters) or other methods.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Payment
Our payment gateway is Authorize.net. They provide us with the platform that allows us to process membership payments and related products and services.
Your data is stored throughAuthorize.net’s data storage, databases and the generalAuthorize.net application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
If you choose an autopay plan, thenAuthorize.net stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Authorize.net’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement on their website.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 31, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email info@csomaonline.org.
News & Announcements
Acupuncture Advocacy Town Hall
November 11, 2020
Public Comment on Medicare Payment Policies under the Physician Fee Schedule
October 2, 2020
CSOMA Hires Sacramento Lobbyist David Quackenbush
August 26, 2020
Webinars
August 12, 2020
Categories
Advocacy & Legislation
Continuing Education
CSOMA Committee Updates
CSOMA Conference & Expo
CSOMA News
JAIM
JASA
Member Benefits
Open Letters
Opinion Papers
Patient Education
Position Statements
Practice Management
Public Health
Public Policy
Public Statements
Publications
Student Affairs
Search for:
TagsASA
CALE
ce & events committee
futures committee
Medicare
NCCAOM Exam
Opioid Addiction
Patient Education
press releases
publications and news
Public Health
public policy
scope of practice
Sunset Review
Veterans Affairs
Privacy Policy