http://www.innohep.com/cookiepolicy
Print
Share
Email
Cookie policy for cancerclot.info
CancerClot makes an effort to offer a transparent website with the content that is the most relevant to you. In order to do so, we use technologies that can collect, process and sort information regarding how you and other visitors use https://cancerclot.info ("The Website"). By this policy we wish to create transparency and give you a complete overview of what the processing of your personal data entails, what you have to be aware of, as well as your options to oppose the processing.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA BY THE USE OF COOKIESCancerClot's use of cookies may include processing of your personal data, and we therefore recommend that you also read our privacy policy. The privacy describes our processing of personal data and your rights.CONSENTCancerClot uses necessary cookies when you use the website. If you have given your consent, CancerClot and third party providers use other cookies as described in the cookie declaration below. For further information on how to withdraw your consent, please see section 4 below.WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files, which the Website places on your computer's hard drive, smartphone or other electronic device. However, the meaning of the word "cookies" in this policy and in the consent text also includes other kinds of automated data collection, e.g. Flash-cookies (Local Shared Objects), Web Storage (HTML5), JavaScript's or cookies placed by the used of other kinds of software. The word "cookies" also refers to information about IP- and MAC-addresses and other information about your device.
Cookies can be used by CancerClot and third parties.
There are basically two types of cookies, "temporary" cookies and "permanent" cookies. The temporary cookies are linked to the current visit to the Website and are deleted automatically, when you close your web browser. In contrast, permanent cookies will be stored on your equipment. Permanent cookies delete themselves after a certain period but will be renewed every time you visit the Website.HOW TO AVOID AND DELETE COOKIES?If you do not want CancerClot to place or read cookies (except for necessary cookies) on your equipment anymore, you have the possibility of withdrawing or changing your consent by clicking the cookie-icon at the bottom left of this website. You may also block or delete cookies in your web browser. How to do so depends on what kind of browser you are using. Be aware that if you are using multiple browsers you will have to delete the cookies in all of them. As user, you also need to be aware that the Website might not function optimally if you delete or block cookies.
Scroll to top