https://www.emmert.com/privacy-policy/
Search:
Privacy Policy
How we collect & use your information
Privacy Policy
The F. L. Emmert Co. (“F. L. Emmert,” “We,” “Us,” or “Our”) has drafted its Privacy Policy to ensure that you can clearly understand our data and security practices and policies as you use the website located at <emmert.com> (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Information we collect, how we use the information and with whom we share it. The phrase “Personal Information” refers to information that personally identifies you or your company, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of your Personal Information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy incorporates by reference the Terms of Use for the Website, which apply to this Privacy Policy and are accessible at https://www.emmert.com/terms/. When you visit the Website or provide us with information, you consent to our use and disclosure of the information we collect or receive as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time without prior notice to reflect changes in our data practices. Continued use of this Website following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
Information We Collect
We may obtain information about you from various sources, including our Website, when you call or email us or communicate with us through our Website or social media. We also may obtain information about you from our affiliate or subsidiary companies, business partners and other third parties and publicly available information.
The types of information we may obtain include:
Your Personal Information and demographic information (such as zip or postal code and company name), if you choose to provide it or if we obtain it in the manner described above. You do not have to give us any Personal Information or demographic information in order to read some portions of the Website.
Username and password for the account you may establish on the Website.
Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties.
In addition, when you visit our Website, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, as described in more detail below. The information we may collect by automated means includes:
Information about the devices our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser and operating system type).
Pages and URLs that refer visitors to our Website, also pages and URLs that visitors exit to once they leave our Website.
Dates and times of visits to our Website.
Information on actions taken on our Website (such as page views and site navigation patterns).
A general geographic location (such as country and city) from which a visitor accesses our Website.
Search terms that visitors use to reach our Website.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
Register, manage and maintain your account on the Website.
Provide products or services you request and quotes for the same.
Provide warranty registration information.
Provide administrative notices or communications applicable to your use of the Website.
Respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support.
Contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests; enable you to communicate with us through social media; and solicit your feedback and input. These communications will contain links for preference management and, where appropriate, unsubscribe links should you decide you do not want to receive further communications.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer.
Analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of our Website and social media assets.
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
Comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies.
We also use non-personally identifiable information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Website (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Website. We collect this information by automated means, such as cookies, as described in more detail below.
If we seek to use the information we obtain about you in other ways, we will provide specific notice and request your consent at the time of collection.
Information We Share
We do not share, sell, trade, or lease your Personal Information to any unrelated third parties for their marketing use. However, we may share Personal Information with our service providers who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you. These service providers may only use or disclose the information as necessary to perform services on our behalf or as otherwise required by law.
L. Emmert also may disclose specific user information when we determine, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement, to prevent a crime or protect national security, or to protect the interests or safety of F. L. Emmert or other users of the Website.
In addition, Personal Information we have collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy or other corporate reorganization of F. L. Emmert.
About Cookies
A “cookie” is a small piece of information that our Website can send to your browser, which can then be stored on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize you upon your return to our Website. Our cookies do not contain any Personal Information, but they do enable us to provide specific features to you when visiting our Website. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Should you decide not to accept cookies from us, you may limit the functionality we can provide during your visit to our Website.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve the Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is governed by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and How Google Uses Data. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may be operated by companies not owned by F. L. Emmert and may have their own privacy notices, which you should review if you visit those sites. We are not responsible for the content of any sites not owned by F. L. Emmert, any use of those sites, or those sites’ privacy practices.
How We Protect Personal Information
F. L. Emmert maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to assist us in protecting the Personal Information we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Please note that no electronic transmission of information can be entirely secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard Personal Information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain private. As a user of the Website, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Website and the internet generally.
State Law Requirements
The law of some states permits its residents to request and receive information about a business’ disclosure of certain categories of Personal Information to other companies for their use in direct marketing. If you are user of the Website, you can request a copy of this information from F. L. Emmert by sending an email to info@emmert.com or a letter to 2007 Dunlap Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45214. Please include your name and email address in email requests, and your name and postal address in mail requests.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not use the Website. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a minor child under the age of 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
How to Contact Us
You can direct questions regarding this Privacy Policy to F. L. Emmert by emailing us at info@emmert.com or by letter to 2007 Dunlap Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45214. Please include your name and email address in email requests, and your name and postal address in mail requests.
Effective: January 2019.
77458846604201.1
7745884.1
Emmert Quality
More than 100 years
of excellence.
Learn MoreMeet The Family
See how our latest generation
pushes Emmert forward.
Learn MoreOur History
We’ve been leading the way since 1881.
Discover our storied past.
Learn MoreCareers with Emmert
Interested in joining us?
Learn More