https://www.stepsworldwide.org/get-help/contact-us/
[wpseo_breadcrumb]
Contact Us
Conditions
Get Help
Contact Us
Family Contact Service
Helpline
Health Professionals
Hospital Visits
Parents Guides
Support Groups
Videos
Contact Steps
If you have questions, concerns or simply feel you would like someone to talk to, please don’t hesitate to contact us – we will be happy to help. You can send us your enquiry by completing the form or contact us by phone or post.
Contact Name
Email Address
Contact Name
Case Reason
--None--
General/Helpline
Fundraising
Volunteers
Research
Marketing & Communications
Accounts & Finance
Medical Committee
Other
Subject
Description
Submit
Talk to us
Call 01925 750271
Write to us at Head Office
Steps, The White House, Wilderspool Business Park, Greenall’s Avenue, Warrington WA4 6HL
Email us
Please use the Contact Form to get in touch
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Privacy PolicyACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Steps Charity Website SurveyWe are looking to make improvements to the Steps website and we would be really grateful if you could spare us a few minutes of your time to help us to answer a few questions.Please answer honestly. This survey is anonymous and we appreciate constructive criticism.Click here to take our surveyInvalid email address Click here to take our survey