http://www.naomihouse.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
These are the terms and conditions of use for the for Naomi House website. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to email us hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Click here to download our terms and conditions.
Terms and conditions:
This website is owned and managed by Wessex Children's Hospice Trust. Our registered office is at Naomi House, Stockbridge Road, Sutton Scotney, Winchester, Hampshire, SO21 3JE. For the purpose of these terms and conditions, ‘us’, ‘we’ and ‘our’ refer to Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust. References to Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust include Naomi House Children's Hospice Limited, our trading subsidiary.
These terms and conditions apply to this website only. Your use of the website constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
We may change these terms and conditions from time to time, and post any revised terms on the website. Your continued use of the website implies your consent to any such changes.
If you have any questions please contact us.
Use:
This website is intended to provide information about the activities of Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust, and to allow patrons to make donations/contributions to the Trust.
We make every effort to ensure that the information on our website is up to date and correct but we cannot guarantee that it is 100 per cent free of inaccuracies, errors or omissions. In particular, where information is provided to or compiled by us, we endeavour to ensure that it is the most complete and accurate information available but we cannot take responsibility for any inaccuracies, omissions or errors attributable to the author of such materials.
Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust is not responsible for ensuring the availability of the website or the timeliness or otherwise of any content or information being made available to you.
We reserve the right to replace or amend any part of the website at any time without notice.
Changes to these terms and conditions:
To stay up to date, please check this page each time you use this website. Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust reserves the right to modify these terms and any linked policies at any time without notice. Your continued use of the site after any such replacement or modification, constitutes acceptance of the relevant changed or new terms of use.
Limitation of Liability:
Please be aware that any decision made by users of our site on the basis of the information on them, is the sole responsibility of the user. Whilst we take reasonable efforts to ensure that our website does not contain any viruses, trojans, or other malicious software, you should take your own precautions to ensure the integrity of your system and data. We do not give any warranty as to the availability of the website, and we reserve our right to take it down for any reason whatsoever in our absolute discretion.
We do not accept liability (as far as permitted by law) for any loss or damage (whether direct, indirect, or consequential) arising from any use of the website or reliance on the information of links included in the website.
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall limit or exclude our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence, or the negligence of our employees.
Indemnity:
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense
(including reasonable legal fees) related to any breach by you of these terms and conditions or arising from your use of our website.
Governing law:
Use of the website is subject to English law. All claims or disputes arising out of or in connection with the use of the site shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. However, we reserve the right to bring proceedings in the courts of the country of your residence.
Trademarks and copyright:
Copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights on our website are owned or licensed to Wessex Children’s' Hospice Trust, unless otherwise stated.
You are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable copyright laws and regulations.
We would be delighted to see our materials used more widely, and you are free to copy, distribute and transmit the material on the website under the following conditions:
Attribution. You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).
Non-commercial. You may not use this work for commercial or business purposes without prior written consent from Wessex Children's Hospice Trust.
No Derivative Works. You may not alter, transform, or build upon this work.
Our permission to reproduce copyright material does not extend to any material on these websites that is copyright material of any other person.
If you do wish to use any material from our website for any commercial or business purpose, you must write for permission to the Company Secretary at Naomi House, Stockbridge Road, Sutton Scotney, Winchester, Hampshire, SO21 3JE. Give us the full details of what you want to use and how you plan to use it, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Links to other websites:
Our website includes links to other websites that we hope you find useful and
informative. However we do not endorse or accept liability for the content or privacy policy of anyone else's websites. Any use of a third party website is entirely at your own risk.
We suggest that you check the privacy policy and the terms of use of sites
linked to any of our websites that you visit.
Links from other websites:
We welcome links to our website. If you want to display the content of our website surrounded or framed by material not originating from Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust you must obtain prior written permission from Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust. Please contact hello@naomihouse.org.uk for such permission.
Any link to our website must comply with the following conditions:
The link must consist of the following text only: Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust or Naomi House and the URL in respect of which Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust's consent has been given:
The link must not create the false impression that your organisation or any of its products or services, is recommended by or associated in any way with Wessex Children's Hospice Trust.
The existence of the link, its position, appearance or any other aspect of it must not damage or be likely to damage the name or reputation of Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust:
Selection of the link by a user must display our website as a full screen and not within a frame on the website on which the link appears:
You shall take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the use and existence of the link does not cause the transmission to any Wessex Children's Hospice Trust website of viruses or other deleterious programming routines.
We reserve the right to require the removal of any link to our website at any time (whether or not previous consent to such link has been given).
Refund of donations:
Unfortunately, the Trust is unable to refund any donations made online or by text.
If you have a query about any information contained in this website please email us at hello@naomihouse.org.uk. We will reply to your query within 2 working days.
Text to Donate:
We use JustTextGiving for our Text to Donate service. JustTextGiving (applies to the UK only).
JustTextGiving is one of JustGiving's associated services. It is a text giving service that processes donations and JustGiving reclaims Gift Aid on behalf of the charities featured on it. JustGiving does not currently charge charities or donors for this service, although JustGiving reserves the right to charge the transaction fee in the future.
If JustGiving does decide to charge for the service, JustGiving will tell you in
advance.
Text donations may be refunded in certain circumstances (such as where the donation was sent from your mobile phone by mistake or without your permission) at the absolute discretion of your mobile phone operator. If you wish to request a refund you should contact your mobile phone operator to discuss this with them.
There is no obligation for your mobile phone operator to provide a refund and they may choose to refund only part of
the donation if they wish. Because JustGiving pays donations via text to charities regularly, we regret that we can only refund a text donation if the charity expressly requests it, and they can pay us back. Please get in touch with the charity first.
Your mobile operator will pass 100% of the text donation onto JustGiving. The minimum text donation is GBP £1 and all donations must be in whole pounds sterling. The maximum text donation allowed is GBP £10 for all mobile operators. Donations sent via text will usually incur your standard text message fee. Please refer to your tariff for details of your standard text message fee.
After you send a donation via text JustGiving will send you a text message in response, confirming your donation and providing you with the opportunity to add Gift Aid to your donation. JustGiving will include a link to a Gift Aid page where you can provide your details to enable JustGiving to collect Gift Aid on your behalf. Alternatively, JustGiving may send you a text message asking if you would like to add Gift Aid to your donation and to reply to this text message giving your name, address and postcode.
If you reply to JustGiving text messages regarding Gift Aid your mobile operator will charge you one standard text message fee. JustGiving fees - All payments referred to in these Terms of Service are exclusive of Value Added Tax, where applicable.
Social media:
Naomi House and Jacksplace can be found on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and LinkedIn. We post about our events and daily updates from the hospice.
Please note: To protect the privacy of children, young people and families in our care, we may not be able to respond to certain tweets, posts and messages about those we support.
Charity Lottery:
The Naomi House Lottery is registered with the Gambling Commission and fully supports GambleAware TM in promoting responsible gambling. If you have any concerns about this lottery or would like to see a copy of our complaints procedure please call our lottery helpdesk on 01962 826859.
Event participation:
You must read and accept the waiver before you register for one of our events. If you have any questions regarding any of the points below, please call us to discuss them on 01962 760060 before you register.
Clarendon Way Walk:
Individual Declaration:
I confirm that I wish to enter the Clarendon Way Walk and understand that I do it at my own risk and that Naomi House & Jacksplace will not accept liability for any injury or loss that may occur as a result of my participation. I understand that I will need to arrange a lift if I am unable to complete the walk. I agree that medical advice should be sought from a general practitioner if I am in any doubt as to the physical ability required to participate in this event. I confirm that I am aware that photographs taken during the walk may be used to publicise this event and the work of Naomi House generally. I understand that my entry fee is non-refundable and non-transferable.
Parent/Guardian Declaration:
(The signature of a parent/guardian is required for all participants under the age of 16). I am the parent or the legal guardian of the person registered and I hereby give consent to his/her participation in the walk and understand that he/she takes part in the walk at their own risk and that Naomi House will not be liable for any injury or loss that may occur as a result of his/her participation. I understand that I will need to arrange a lift if he/she is unable to complete the walk. I agree that medical advice should be sought from a general practitioner if I am in any doubt as to the physical
ability required to participate in the event. I confirm that I am aware that photographs taken during the walk may be used to publicise this event and the work of Naomi House & Jacksplace generally. I understand that the entry fee paid is non-refundable and non-transferable.
Santa Fun Run:
Individual Declaration:
I/we confirm that I/we wish to enter the Santa Fun Run and understand that I/we do it at my own risk and that Naomi House will not accept liability for any injury or loss that may occur as a result of my participation. The registration fee covers the event expenses and this fee is non-refundable. I/we understand that I/we will need to arrange a lift if I/we am unable to complete the Run. I/we agree that medical advice should be sought from
a general practitioner if I/we am in any doubt as to the physical ability required to participate in this event. I/we confirm that I/we am aware that photographs taken during the run may be used to publicise this event and the work of Naomi House generally. I understand that my entry fee is non-refundable and non-transferable.
Parent/Guardian Declaration:
The permission of a parent/guardian is required for all participants under the age of 16. I, the parent or the legal guardian of the person registered, hereby give consent to their participation in the Santa Fun Run and understand that they take part in the run at their own risk and that Naomi House will not be liable for any injury or loss that may occur as a result of her participation. The registration fee covers the event expenses and this fee is non-refundable. I understand that I will need to arrange a lift if they are unable to complete the Run. I agree that medical advice should be sought from a
general practitioner if I am in any doubt as to the physical ability required to
participate in the event. I confirm that I am aware that photographs taken during the run may be used to publicise this event and the work of Naomi House generally. I understand that the entry fee paid is non-refundable and non-transferable.
Privacy Notice
This is the privacy notice for Wessex Children’s hospice Trust (Naomi House & Jacksplace). If you have any questions or comments, feel free to email us at hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust is committed to protecting your privacy. We ensure that all your personal information is held securely and safely.
The privacy notice explains how we collect, use and store information, and what that might mean for you. Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust holds and processes personal details in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations and is registered with the Information Commissioner (registration no. Z5063145) as a data controller. We process personal data for the following purposes only:
Maintaining accounts and records
Provision of Health and other services
Administrative purposes
Fundraising
Your rights
Improving our service to you
What information we collect:
We obtain data from our website and other collection methods for a number of reasons set out above, including providing you with the most useful and relevant information about Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust. We do this through collecting and analyzing both anonymous, or aggregate data, and personal data volunteered by you online or through other collection methods.
In some areas of our website, for example forms, orders and emails we collect personal details such as your name, address, telephone number and email address. We use this information only for the reason you have supplied it or any other reason for which you have given us permission to do so.
Where relevant, information is provided to explain why the data is being collected and how it will be used. In some cases we may ask you to 'opt-in' to receive future communications including email, or text marketing.
In addition to information given explicitly by you, we also collect information about your visit to our website (for example, the date and time of your visit and the pages that you view). This information may be connected to you personally. This kind of data helps us understand your interest in Wessex Children’s Hospice trust and better meet your needs.
Cookies:
In some circumstances, we collect data from our website using cookies.  A cookie is an alphanumeric text file that is sent from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. Cookies allow a website to remember who you are, so that when you visit them again, they recognise you as a visitor and can help you with personalised information in filling out forms, for instance, or signing in. Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. To do this, look at the help menu on your browser.
From time to time, we may use cookies to limit the number of times you are exposed to pop up windows or other advertising. We also sometimes use cookies to track popular points of entry to our site and routes around areas of our site (that is, click paths) during specific appeals or campaigns. This data may be connected to you personally in order to provide you with a better service.
If our usage of cookies changes in the future, this will be explained in our privacy statement.
We communicate electronically in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulations. All our emails will offer you the chance to decline future emails. You can also amend your email and electronic communications preferences by contacting us on hello@naomihouse.org.uk or on 01962 760060.
Our Fundraising Promise:
Naomi House & Jacksplace are members of the Fundraising Regulator and strive to comply with the spirit and standards set out for charities involved in fundraising. The Fundraising Regulator works to ensure that organisations raising money from the public to do so honestly and properly aware of best practice in the use and exchange of personal data and representing the best interests of their beneficiaries. As members of the scheme, we follow the Code of Fundraising Practice and comply with the key principles embodied in the code.
We are committed to high standard
We do all we can to ensure that fundraisers, volunteers and fundraising contractors working with us to raise funds comply with the Code of Fundraising Practice and with this Promise.
We comply with the law including those that apply to data protection, health and safety and the environment.
We are honest and open
We tell the truth and do not exaggerate
We do what we say we are going to do
We answer all reasonable questions about our fundraising activities and costs.
We are clear
We are clear about who we are, what we do and how your gift is used
Where we have a promotional agreement with a commercial company, we make clear how much of the purchase price we receive.
We give clear explanation of how you can make a gift and amend a regular commitment.
We are respectful
We respect the rights, dignities, and privacy of our supporters and beneficiaries
We will not put undue pressure on you to make a gift if you do not want to give or wish to cease giving, we will respect your decision.
If you tell us that you don’t want us to contact you in any particular way we will not do so.
We are fair and reasonable
We take care not to use any images or words that cause unjustifiable distress or offence.
We take care not to cause unreasonable nuisance or disruption.
We are accountable
If you are unhappy with anything we’ve done whilst fundraising, you can contact us to make a complaint.
We have a fundraising complaints procedure, a copy of which is available on request. If we cannot resolve your complaint, we accept the authority of the Fundraising Regulator to make a final adjudication.
Respecting your privacy:
We do not sell, rent or pass on any information about you to other organisations. However, we may share your data with our subsidiary company. If you do not wish us to use this information in this way, please email us at: hello@naomihouse.org.uk. We may also need to pass on information when required by law or by regulatory body (for example, for a Gift Aid audit by HMRC or if asked by a law enforcement agency).
We may provide third parties with information about visitors and users to our site, but this information, as explained above, is both aggregate and anonymous.
We carry out targeted fundraising activity to ensure that we are contacting you with the most communications that are relevant and provide you with an improved experience of Wessex Children’s Hospice trust. Occasionally we may use profiling techniques or use third party screening and insight companies to provide us with general information about you. Such information is compiled using publicly available data about you or information that you have already provided to us. We may use these services to ensure we maintain an accurate database, with particular care given to ensuring we do not attempt to contact those on our database who have passed away.
This activity also assists us in understanding the people who support us and helps us to make appropriate requests to supporters. To opt out of your data being used for profiling and wealth screening techniques simply email hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Occasionally, we employ agents to carry out tasks on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders or processing donations. These agents are bound by our data handling policy to protect your privacy just as we would ourselves.
Under the General Data Protection regulations, there are a number of defined reasons that allow us to legitimately process your personal information. One of these reasons is called 'legitimate interests'.
Legitimate Interests
Under legitimate interests we can process personal information if we have a genuine and legitimate reason to do so and we are not infringing on your rights or best interests
This allows us to use your information for our legitimate business interests to support the region’s life-limited and life-threatened children, young people and their families.
This will only be done with appropriate consideration being given to your rights and any impact this activity may have on you personally.
We make a long-term promise to those in our care, and want our supporters to be able to join us on that journey, if that is their wish. We believe that our supporters and those who have previously shown an interest in our charity would be keen to learn more about the impact they have had on the lives of children, young people and families, and also better understand how they might support these same families in the future.
Processing data under legitimate interests may, following a balancing exercise, enable us to send you marketing and other communications that are relevant and timely. It may enable us to undertake customer research and improve our future communications. It may enable us to thank our supporters and inform them of the impact of their donation. And it may assist us in processing orders, keeping in touch about events you have signed up for, giving you future opportunity to update your communications preferences or ensuring we can conduct investigations if required.
Balancing Exercises:
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under any relevant law. We will never use your personal data for any activity that results in your interests being considered secondary to our own (other than in instances where we are required to do so by law).
Job and volunteer applicants
Understandably, if you apply to work at Wessex Children's Hospice Trust we will require data such as a job application, CV, financial information, current and previous addresses and details of convictions. We will process this information in order to assess your application and complete any checks that are required before an offer is made. We may also use this information to monitor recruitment and employment statistics. In instances where your personal data needs to be shared with a third party, such as the Disclosure and Barring Service, we will make you aware of this beforehand.
If you are unsuccessful in your application we will store your data for a period of 12 months.
Updating your preferences:
You can change the way you hear from us or withdraw your permission for us to process your personal data at any time by contacting us at hello@naomihouse.org.uk. If you would like to speak to somebody about your personal data and would prefer to do so by phone, please contact 01962 760060. You can automatically update your communications preferences here: https://www.naomihouse.org.uk/communication
The right to be forgotten:
It is your right to request details of the information we hold about you, to ask that we no longer process your data and to amend your communications preferences. For a copy of your personal information held by us, write to:
Paul Morgan
Data Controller
Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust
Naomi House
Stockbridge Road
Sutton Scotney
Winchester
Hampshire
SO21 3JE
Or email: hello@naomihouse.org.uk
We will respond within 30 days of receipt of your letter or email.  Please also send proof of identity, such as copy of your passport, UK or Irish driver's license or proof of your identity.
For more information about data protection and your rights, see the Information Commissioner's website at www.ico.org.uk.
Righting wrongs:
We want to make sure the information we hold about you is correct. If you spot any errors, if your contact details or preferences change, or you wish to receive information about Wessex Children’s Hospice Trust or its subsidiary company, let us know. You can contact us by email at hello@naomihouse.org.uk.
Safe and secure:
We maintain a high level of physical and electronic security in relation to the collection, storage and disclosure of you information. We take reasonable steps to ensure that any information we hold about you is protected. When processing financial transactions, we use www.sagepay.co.uk and www.paypal.com, which both encrypt information given over the internet. The software scrambles data transmitted between your computer and our server, where it is unscrambled securely. We are not sent any account information by these providers, and store no data that could allow anyone to make a payment or access individual bank accounts.
As we all know, the internet carries risks. While we make every reasonable effort to ensure the information sent to us is done securely, we cannot warrant the security of information transmitted to us through the internet. When you transmit information to us via the internet, you do so at your own risk.
In the unlikely event that your data is leaked, we will be completely transparent in letting you know how, when and why this happened, and the steps we intend to take to put things right.
Changes to the way we store and process your data:
From time to time, we will make changes to our privacy notice and policy to keep them up to date and relevant. Please make sure your check regularly to see what has changed. We will post notices when our privacy statement changes.
Wessex Children's Hospice Trust is a company limited by guarantee (Number 02601495) and a registered charity (Number 1002832). Our registered office is at Naomi House, Stockbridge Road, Sutton Scotney, Winchester, Hampshire, SO21 3JE.