http://www.ochshair.com/privacy.html
Your Hair Care
Home
Fundamentals
About OCHS
How to use our Product
Safety of the Product
Lasting Commitment
FAQs
Regrowth Blog
Dispelling the Myths
Hair Biology
Causes of Hair Loss
Questions
Hair Loss FAQ
Hair Loss Test
Benefits
Benefits of OCHS Hair Care
What to Expect
Men vs. Women
Organic vs. Genetic
News
Alopecia Definition
Latest News
Stem Cells
Alopecia
Featured Articles
Hair Loss Press
Alopecia Info
Hair Salons
Hair Truth
Soya Herbs
Sudden Hair Loss
Hair Follicles
Electricity Stimulation
Baldness Treatment
Female Hair Loss
Ingredients
Overview
Burdock
Cayenne
Rosemary
Sage
Oat Straw
Sarsaparilla
Nettle
Spirulina
Kelp
Order Now
Contact
Contact
Testimonials
Guarantee
Privacy
We want you to feel comfortable and secure when
visiting our site. We are committed to this goal. To learn more about
our goals and how we protect your privacy, we offer the following FAQs:
What information do you collect?
Information on OCHS is collected
in two ways: (1) indirectly and anonymously (for example, through our
site's technology); and (2) directly (for example, when you provide information
on various pages of ochshair.com). One example of information we
collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access
our site, your Internet address is automatically collected and
is placed in our Internet access logs. We collect information directly
from you in a number of ways. One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies
are small files of anonymous data, which save and retrieve information
about your visit —for example, how you entered
our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was
of interest to you. We directly collect information when you voluntarily
submit it to us. For example, by submitting an inquiry to our sales team,
the non-anonymous information is limited to that which you provide within
your inquiry.
How do you use this information?
We analyze it to determine what is most effective
about our site, to help us identify ways to improve it, and eventually,
to determine how we can tailor ochshair.com to make it more effective.
By keeping your cookies on your PC enabled, we can continually adjust
our website to better serve you, making your every visit better than the
last.
Will you share this information with outside parties?
We respect your privacy.
We do not distribute your personal information to any third parties. This
includes not only your email address but also any personal information
you input during your use of the site. We reserve the right to change
this policy in the future, but not without giving notice and providing
individuals with the opportunity to opt-out. We do not track or monitor
any one individual's activity on the website.
Do you collect sensitive personal data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive
personal data through this site. If we do seek to collect such data, we
will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also
collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing us with
unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data
subject to applicable law.
Information Security
While we take steps to maintain the security of
our site, you should understand that the open nature of the Internet
is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and
may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data
is intended. OCHS is interested in maintaining your privacy
and creating a valuable resource for you to use. If you have any questions
now or during your visit, please contact
us for assistance.
Sitemap | Order Now | Terms of Use |
Resources |
Privacy Statement | Hair Loss Blog
©
2020
The OCHS Hair Formula
for your affordable hair regrowth