https://www.eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Cookies
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website
Read more
Accept
COVID-19 Emergency Fund
The Elton John AIDS Foundation is responding to the COVID-19 pandemic with a new Emergency Fund to support our frontline partners.
More Info
About us
What we do
Get involved
News & events
Donate
About us
Our mission
Our team
Our history
Key facts & figures
Financials
“No one should suffer from stigma, fear or lack of access to treatment anymore – everyone deserves the right to a healthy life.”
Elton John, Founder
What we do
Our work
Our impact
What we fund
“We will not leave anyone behind.”
Elton John, Founder
Donate
About us
Our mission
Our team
Our history
Key facts & figures
Financials
What we do
Our work
Our impact
What we fund
Get involved
News & events
=
Donate
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
The Elton John AIDS Foundation (the “Foundation”) is a charity registered in England and Wales under registered charity number 02787008. The Foundation’s registered office is: 1 Blythe Road, London, E14 0HG. Elton John AIDS Foundation, Inc’s’ registered office is 584 Broadway, Suite 906, New York NY 10012. The Elton John AIDS Foundation, Inc. is a non-profit 501(c)(3) public charity (tax ID# 58-2033460).
In compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR“), in force as of 25 May 2018, this Privacy Policy (the “Policy“) sets out the obligations of the Foundation in respect of the collection, retention, safeguarding of and access to your Personal Data (defined below).
The GDPR defines “Personal Data” as any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier. This includes, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal address location data, an online identifier, or one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person.
The Personal Data that the Foundation may collect from you is listed in section 2 below.
The Foundation is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and would welcome any feedback you have to: fundraising@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA THE FOUNDATION MIGHT COLLECT ON YOU
The Foundation might collect the following Personal Data from you:
Your name, age/date of birth and gender;
Your contact details, including postal address including billing and delivery addresses, telephone numbers (including mobile numbers) and e-mail address;
Details of purchases and/or orders made by you;
Details of events attended by you;
Details of donations made by you;
Your communication and marketing preferences;
Your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses;
Your correspondence and communications with the Foundation;
Other publicly available Personal Data, including any which you have shared via a public platform (such as a Twitter feed, public Facebook page or a company website).
The Foundation’s website is not intended for children and the Foundation does not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This list is not exhaustive and, in specific instances, the Foundation may need to collect additional data for the purposes set out in this Policy. The Foundation may also collect Personal Data from third parties who have your consent to pass your details to the Foundation, or from publicly available sources.
HOW LONG MIGHT THE FOUNDATION HOLD ON TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The Foundation will not retain your Personal Data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest the Foundation will normally hold any Personal Data is 6 years
HOW THE FOUNDATION MIGHT COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The Foundation may collect your Personal Data in the following:
In person (e.g. at an auction / event)
Via the Foundation’s website
Via pledge forms
Via any additional means the Foundation deems reasonable.
THE GROUNDS ON WHICH THE FOUNDATION MAY STORE AND USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Consent
– for example, if you have opted in to receive marketing communications and/or news from the Foundation, the Foundation might store your data and contact you with a roundup of the Foundation’s recent fundraising endeavours.
Fulfilment of a Contractual Obligation
– for example, if you have pledged to make a donation to the Foundation at an event, the Foundation will store and process your data insofar as it is necessary to fulfil such donation.
Legitimate Interest
– for example, if you have previously provided the Foundation with your contact details in the course of sale for a ticket to a Foundation event, the Foundation may send you electronic communications relating to similar upcoming event ticket sales. You will always be given the opportunity to opt-out of this form of communication. If relying on legitimate interest as a lawful ground for processing your Personal Data, the Foundation will always take into account your rights and interests prior to sending any such communications.
THE WAY(S) IN WHICH THE FOUNDATION MIGHT USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
General
The Foundation (and trusted partners acting on our behalf) might use your Personal Data:
to provide goods and services to you;
to make a tailored website available to you;
to manage any registered account(s) that you hold with us;
to verify your identity;
for crime and fraud prevention, detection and related purposes;
to contact you electronically about events and/or products which the Foundation thinks may interest you;
for market research purposes – to better understand your needs;
where the Foundation has a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
Communications
The Foundation might use your Personal Data for electronic marketing purposes (with your consent) and may send you postal mail to update you on the latest events/fundraising opportunities/work of the . The Foundation aims to update you about items which are of interest and relevance to you as an individual. You have the right to opt-out of receiving communications at any time, by:
making use of the simple “unsubscribe” link in emails; or
contacting the Foundation via email to fundraising@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org or via post to the registered office (listed in section 1 above).
Sharing data with third parties
Our service providers and suppliers
In order to make certain services available to you, the Foundation may need to share your Personal Data with some of our service providers/partners. These could include IT, delivery and marketing service providers. The Foundation only allows its service providers/partners to handle your Personal Data when the Foundation has confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls. The Foundation also imposes contractual obligations on service providers/partners relating to data protection and security, which mean they can only use your Personal Data to provide services to the Foundation and to you, and for no other purposes.
Other third parties
Aside from our service providers/partners, the Foundation will not disclose your Personal Data to any third party, except as set out below. The Foundation will never sell or rent your Personal Data to other organisations for marketing purposes.
We may share your data with:- credit reference agencies where necessary for card payments;– governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts/tribunals and insurers where the Foundation is required to do so: –– to comply with our legal obligations;
– to exercise our legal rights (for example in court cases);
– for the prevention, detection, investigation of crime or prosecution of offenders; and
– for the protection of our employees and customers.
THE MEASURES THE FOUNDATION HAS IN PLACE TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The Foundation strives to maintain the highest standards of data privacy and security to protect your personal details and other information about you.
The Foundation shall ensure that Personal Data is stored securely using modern software that is kept up-to-date.
Access to Personal Data shall be limited to personnel who need access and appropriate security should be in place to avoid unauthorised sharing of information.
When Personal Data is deleted this should be done safely such that the data is irrecoverable.
Appropriate back-up and disaster recovery solutions shall be in place.
The Foundation regularly reviews our processes and procedures to protect your information from unauthorised access and use, accidental loss and/or destruction.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights in respect of the Personal Data that the Foundation holds:
the right to ask for a copy of Personal Data that the Foundation holds about you (the right of access);
the right (in certain circumstances) to request that the Foundation deletes Personal Data held on you; where the Foundation no longer has any legal reason to retain it (the right of erasure or to be forgotten);
the right to ask the Foundation to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect Personal Data that the Foundation holds about you (the right of rectification);
the right to opt out of any marketing communications that the Foundation may send you and to object to the Charity using / holding your Personal Data if the Foundation has no legitimate reasons to do so (the right to object);
the right (in certain circumstances) to ask the Foundation to ‘restrict processing of data’; which means that the Foundation would need to secure and retain the data for your benefit but not otherwise use it (the right to restrict processing); and
the right (in certain circumstances) to ask the Foundation to supply you with some of the Personal Data that the Foundation holds about you in a structured machine-readable format and/or to provide a copy of the data in such a format to another organisation (the right to data portability).
HOW THE FOUNDATION WILL COMMUNICATE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Foundation may update this Policy to reflect changes in how it collects, stores and/or uses your Personal Data. The most recent version of the Policy will always be available via the Foundation’s website. Where appropriate, the Foundation will provide you with notice of any significant changes to how it uses your information.
COOKIES
The Foundation’s website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of its website. This helps the Foundation to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. If you wish to reject cookies, you may need to change your website browser settings.
Cookies in use on our site
Type:
Strictly Necessary
Cookie:
Web Site Session Identifier
Cookie Name:
PHPSESSID
Purpose:
This cookie allows our website to store temporary information about
how you interact with our website during your visit. This information is not stored
and is removed when you leave our website.
Duration:
Session (20 minutes)
Type:
Analytical / performance
Cookie:
Google Analytics
Cookie Names:
_ga, _gat, _gid
Purpose:
These cookies are part of Google Analytics and allow us to measure information about how visitors use our site. This includes identifying each unique user to our site and details of each page visited. _gat is used to limit the collection of analytics data on high traffic sites.
For further information, please read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
Duration:
2 years
Type:
Performance / security
Cookie:
Wordfence Plugin
Cookie Names:
wfvt_387392813
Purpose:
This cookie is used by our Wordfence security plugin to help stop malicous attacks on our website.
Duration:
Expires Immediately
Type:
Performance / security
Cookie:
Wordfence Plugin
Cookie Names:
wordfence_verifiedHuman
Purpose:
This cookie is used by our Wordfence security plugin to help stop malicous attacks on our website and verifies that you are a human being and not a computer/bot.
Duration:
1 day
Cookie Settings
If you would like to Delete and Revoke permission for our website to store and access functionality and analytical/performance cookies, please use the button below:
If you would like to Allow our website to store and access functionality and analytical/performance cookies, please use the button below:
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT THE FOUNDATION
If you have any questions on the contents of this Policy please contact fundraising@eltonjohnaidsfoundation.org or if you would rather get in touch by post, please write to:
Fundraising Team, The Elton John AIDS Foundation, 1 Blythe Road, London, W14 0HG.
Or
Fundraising Team, The Elton John AIDS Foundation, Inc, 584 Broadway, Suite 906, New York NY 10012.