https://www.myfertilitycare.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of UseGill Sugapong2020-06-11T14:38:37+00:00
Terms of UseWelcome to the website of Fertility CARE (www.myfertilitycare.com). This website is best viewed using a contemporary browser.
Use of this website, and information distributed in conjunction with this website is offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. Your use of this website or of any content presented in any and all areas of the website indicates your acknowledgment and agreement to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use our currency information, services, or website. We suggest you print a copy of each of these documents for your records.
Fertility CARE shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effectively immediately following the posting of such changes on this website. The most recent version of these Terms of Use may always be found at https://myfertilitycare.com/terms.asp. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this website following changes to these Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes. These Terms of Use were last modified on May 26, 2004.
DisclaimerThe advice provided on this Web site is intended to be general in nature and should not be relied upon for specific treatment. If you need personal medical attention, please contact our office for an appointment. This website is for informational purposes only and is not intended to provide specific commercial, financial, investment, accounting, tax, or legal advice. It is provided to you solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for purposes of resale, distribution, public display or performance, or any other uses by you in any form or manner whatsoever. Unless otherwise indicated on this website, you may display, download, archive, and print a single copy of any information on this website, or otherwise distributed from Fertility CARE, for such personal, non-commercial use, provided it is done pursuant to the User Conduct and Obligations set forth herein.
Fertility CARE has used its best efforts to obtain the most accurate and timely information available, including information pertaining to medical practices, all of which are complex and subject to change. Accordingly, we do not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, reliability or completeness of any of the information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website.
The performance of this website and all information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website are provided to you on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind whatsoever, including any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third parties. Fertility CARE shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, Internet access providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer as a result of using this website.
Fertility CARE reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of this website or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to you.
As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this website shall be entirely at your own risk. In no event shall Fertility CARE nor any of its data providers be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this website, even if Fertility CARE or such provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Go to Top