http://www.iaod.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Blog Policy:Yu Yao ("Yu Yao") operates iaod.org and may operate other websites. It is Yu Yao policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Yu Yao collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Yu Yao purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Yu Yao visitors use its website. From time to time, Yu Yao may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Yu Yao also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on iaod.org blogs/sites. Yu Yao only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Yu Yao websites choose to interact with Yu Yao in ways that require Yu Yao to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Yu Yao gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at iaod.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Yu Yao are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Yu Yao collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Yu Yao. Yu Yao does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Yu Yao may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Yu Yao may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Yu Yao does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Yu Yao discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Yu Yao behalf or to provide services available at Yu Yao websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Yu Yao websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Yu Yao will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Yu Yao discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Yu Yao believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Yu Yao, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Yu Yao website and have supplied your email address, Yu Yao may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Yu Yao and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Yu Yao takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Yu Yao uses cookies to help Yu Yao identify and track visitors, their usage of Yu Yao website, and their website access preferences. Yu Yao visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Yu Yao websites, with the drawback that certain features of Yu Yao websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Yu Yao, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Yu Yao goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Yu Yao may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Yu Yao and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Blog Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Yu Yao may change its Blog Policy from time to time, and in Yu Yao sole discretion. Yu Yao encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Blog Policy. If you have a iaod.org account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Blog Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Search for:
Search
Welcome
For your home and gardening needs, Iaod will give you all the need to knows and other tips for your own home. We post everything from home renovations to how to start your own garden based on what we have learned and what we have experienced. We also post the latest trends and news on the renovation and gardening community so that our readers will always be up to date with all things necessary.
Find out more.
ExtraAbout Iaod
Terms
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Recent Posts
The Lazada Sale At 11.11
Shopee 11.11 Sale: Everything You Need to Know
Finding A Great Tiling Contractor In Singapore
How to Find a 24 Hour Locksmith Service
How To Find A High Quality Acrylic Shower Screen In Singapore
Videos of the Week
Like our Partner
Follow Twitter Update
Tweets by @TravelLeisure
ResourcesRenovate Magazine
Travel + Leisure: Travel Reviews, News, Guides & Tips
Ad Sponsor