http://www.nutritiondata.com/help/search-tips
in
All food categories
Cereal Grains and Pasta
Breakfast Cereals
Baked Products
Vegetables and Vegetable Products
Fruits and Fruit Juices
Nut and Seed Products
Legumes and Legume Products
Finfish and Shellfish Products
Poultry Products
Beef Products
Pork Products
Lamb, Veal, and Game Products
Sausages and Luncheon Meats
Dairy and Egg Products
Soups, Sauces, and Gravies
Fats and Oils
Snacks
Sweets
Spices and Herbs
Beverages
Baby Foods
Ethnic Foods
Meals, Entrees, and Sidedishes
Fast Foods, generic
Foods from A&W
Foods from Arby's
Foods from Back Yard Burgers
Foods from Blimpie
Foods from Burger King
Foods from Carl's Jr.
Foods from Chick-fil-A
Foods from Cold Stone Creamery
Foods from Culver's
Foods from Dairy Queen
Foods from Del Taco
Foods from Dippin' Dots
Foods from Domino's
Foods from Donatos
Foods from Hardee's
Foods from In-N-Out Burger
Foods from Jamba Juice
Foods from KFC
Foods from Krispy Kreme
Foods from Krystal
Foods from Long John Silver's
Foods from McDonald's
Foods from Papa John's
Foods from Papa Murphy's
Foods from Pizza Hut
Foods from Rubio's
Foods from Sbarro
Foods from Starbucks
Foods from Subway
Foods from Taco Bell
Foods from TCBY
Foods from Teriyaki Stix
Foods from Wendy's
Foods from White Castle
Foods from Wienerschnitzel
Home
Tools
Compare Foods
Custom Entry Tool
Nutrient Search Tool
Caloric Ratio Search
Nutritional Target Map Search
Daily Needs Calculator
Topics
Better Choices Diet
Glycemic Index
Fullness Factor
Fatty Acids
Food Additives
Effects of Processing Food
My ND
My Foods
My Recipes
My Tracking
My Preferences
My Profile
Recipe Finder
Food
Recipes
Fitness
Health
Subscribe to Self
Help
Quick Start
Search Tips
My ND Help
Compare Foods Help
Nutrition Facts Help
Caloric Ratio Pyramid
Nutrient Balance Indicator
Nutritional Target Map
Estimated Glycemic Load
Nutrition Glossary
Frequently Asked Questions
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
About ND
Search Help
Nutrition Data's flexible and powerful search tools help you find the information you need.
Search by Food Name
Browse by Food Category
View the Most Popular Foods
Search by Nutrient
Search by Caloric Ratio
Search by Fullness Factor and ND Rating (Nutritional Target Map)
Find Better Choices for Healthy Weight Loss
Find Better Choices for Optimum Health
Find Better Choices for Healthy Weight Gain
Find Foods With the Highest/Lowest eGL
Narrow Your Search by Category
Button to Act on Foods in Your Results
Search Preferences (optional settings for all search types)
Search by Food Name
Searching by food name is the most common way to find foods in Nutrition Data's database. Simply enter a food name or keywords (e.g., apple) and click the Search button. Nutrition Data will then display a list of foods that best match your query.
TIP: If there are too many results, you can narrow your search by category.
Specific Food Search FeaturesHere is the way Food Search handles different types of entries:
Case SensitivityFood Search is not case-sensitive. (i.e., you don't need to capitalize words).
Special CharactersAll characters other than a-z and 0-9 may cause errors in your search. Make sure to omit characters such as "-/<)['.
Multiple-Word SearchesFood Search locates food descriptions that contain all of the words in your query, but word order is not important. For example, the query milk skim will return exactly the same results as the query skim milk.
Partial-Word SearchesFood Search will match complete words and any words that begin with the term you entered. For example, searching on nut will return results for nut, nuts, and nutty but not walnuts or peanuts. Also, searching for nuts will return nut. Note that some food descriptions may be worded differently than you anticipated, so to find matches, you may want to try various alternatives and use the simplest words.
What to Do If You Can't Find What You're Looking ForIf your search returns no results:
Check your spelling.Please make sure the food you're searching for is spelled correctly.
Try a different search term.The food that you're looking for may be listed by a different name. For example, you may get more complete results when you use a generic search term like soda in place of a specific brand such as Coke or Pepsi.
Enter the data yourself.If you have a Nutrition Facts label for the food or know its basic nutrient levels, you can enter the data yourself using Nutrition Data's Custom Entry Tool. This allows you to get Nutrition Data's analysis of the food, add it to your My Foods list, and include it in your recipes or tracking reports.
Build the food as a recipe.If the food that you're looking for is a meal or recipe and you know the main ingredients, you can "build" the food as a recipe using the My Recipes area of My ND. For details on how to do this, please see the My Recipes Help page.
Check your search preference settings.Nutrition Data's search preferences allow you to limit the categories shown in your search results. For example, if you don't ever eat fast foods, you may have chosen to filter out fast foods from your search results. To find a Whopper, then, you would need to reenable "Foods from Burger King" in your preferences. See also Search Preferences Help page for more information.
Back to top
Browse by Food Category
To display a list of every food within a category, select the category from the drop-down menu and click on the Search button without entering a food name.
Category listings of foods from fast-food restaurants are also accessible from this list. Look for "Foods from restaurant name" in the drop-down menu.
Back to top
View the Most Popular Foods
To view a list of foods that are most often analyzed by other Nutrition Data users, leave the category drop-down set to "All food categories" and click on the Search button without entering a food name.
This "most popular" list is derived from Nutrition Data foods that were analyzed or viewed the most over the past month. It is updated every 30 days.
Back to top
Search by Nutrient
The Nutrient Search Tool allows you to select foods based on their nutrient content. You will find this under the Tools tab on the main navigation bar. To search by nutrient, use the appropriate drop-downs to find foods that are either high or low in specific nutrients. Up to three different high and low nutrients can be entered.
Note: The Nutrient Search Tool also allows you to choose whether the search results are generated based on a fixed serving size of 100 grams or 200 calories (kcal). For foods that are very calorie-dense (such as fats and oils), a 200-calorie (kcal) serving size may be more helpful. For foods that are very light and/or not very calorie-dense (such as vegetables or spices), a 100-gram serving size may be more useful.
Examples: You can use this tool to generate a list of foods that are high in protein and fiber but low in sodium and cholesterol. Or, you can create a list of dairy products that are high in calcium but low in saturated fat.
The results returned by this tool include up to 999 foods that most closely match your request. The numbers 1 through 999 appear to the left of the foods to indicate their ranking.
Tip: If you choose multiple nutrients as your search criteria, select your most important nutrient first. Results are ranked by nutrient value in the order you selected them.
Back to top
Search by Caloric Ratio
The Caloric Ratio allows you to find foods based on the percentage of calories that are derived from the three main macronutrients—carbohydrates, fats, and protein. You will find this under the Tools tab on the main navigation bar under Caloric Ratio Search.
Example: If you are following a Zone type diet, which suggests a ratio of 40% carbohydrates, 30% protein, and 30% fat, you can use the Caloric Ratio Search tool to generate a list of individual foods that are close to this ratio.
Or, if you are looking for foods that are high in protein but low in carbohydrates and fats to balance the rest of your intake for the day, you can generate a list of foods that are closer to 10% carbohydrates, 80% protein, and 10% fat.
When you position your cursor over the Caloric Ratio Pyramid™, the corresponding ratios of Carbohydrates:Fats:Protein are shown directly below it. To see which foods are closest to this indicated ratio, click at that point. This will display a list of up to 999 results, marked 1 through 999 based on their proximity to your selected point.
More information on the Caloric Ratio Pyramid™ can be found on the Nutrition Facts Help page.
Back to top
Search by Fullness Factor™ and ND Rating (Nutritional Target Map™)
The Nutritional Target Map search tool helps you find foods based on how nutritious and filling they are.
You will find this under the Tools tab on the main navigation bar under Nutritional Target Map Search.
When you position your cursor over the Nutritional Target Map, the corresponding Fullness Factor™ and ND Rating are shown directly below it. To see which foods are closest to these indicated values, click at that point. This will display a list of up to 999 results, marked 1 through 999 based on their proximity to your selected point.
For example, if you are looking for cereals that are nutritious and filling, you can generate a list of foods in this category that have a high ND Rating and a high Fullness Factor by clicking in the upper-right-hand corner of the Nutritional Target Map. Or, if you want to avoid foods that are filling and not nutritious, you can learn which foods to eliminate by clicking in the lower-left corner of the map.
More information on the Nutritional Target Map can be found on the Nutrition Facts Help page.
Back to top
Find Better Choices for Healthy Weight Loss
The Food Category Explorer provides options to see which foods are suggested for healthy weight loss.
Select "Better Choices for weight loss" from the Explorer's lower drop-down menu, indicate a category if desired, and click the Show me! button. This will display a list of up to 999 results, marked 1 through 999. If the category contains fewer than 999 total foods, all will be shown, sorted from best to worst for weight loss (based on Better Choices calculations).
For more information on how these foods are ranked, please see the Better Choices Diet™ page.
Back to top
Find Better Choices for Optimum Health
The Food Category Explorer allows you to identify foods that provide the most nutrients per calorie.
To see which foods Nutrition Data rates the highest, select "Better Choices for optimum health" from the Explorer's lower drop-down menu, indicate a category if desired, and click the Show me! button. This will display a list of up to 999 results,
marked 001 through 999. If the category contains less than 999 total foods, all will be shown, sorted from highest to lowest ND Rating.
For more information on the ND Rating, see the Analysis Help page.
Back to top
Find Better Choices for Healthy Weight Gain
To see which foods Better Choices favors for healthy weight gain, select that search criterion from the Explorer's lower drop-down menu, indicate a category if desired, and click the Show me! button. This will display a list of up to 999 results, marked 1 through 999. If the category contains fewer than 999 total foods, all will be shown, sorted from best to worst for weight gain (based on Better Choices calculations).
For more information on how these foods are ranked, please see the Better Choices Diet™ page.
Back to top
Find Foods With the Highest eGL (Estimated Glycemic Load™)
eGL estimates how much a food is likely to increase your blood sugar level. The Food Category Explorer allows you to identify foods with the highest eGL. To find these foods, select "Highest eGL per 200-Cal serving" from the Explorer's lower drop-down menu, indicate a category if desired, and click the Show me! button.
This will display a list of up to 999 results, marked 1 through 999. If the category contains fewer than 999 total foods, all will be shown.
Foods closer to the top of this list are likely to cause more of an increase in blood sugar than foods farther down the list. See also Estimated Glycemic Load™.
Back to top
Find Foods With the Lowest eGL (Estimated Glycemic Load™)
eGL estimates how much a food is likely to increase your blood sugar level. The Food Category Explorer allows you to identify foods with the lowest eGL. To find these foods, select "Lowest eGL per 200-Cal serving" from the Explorer's lower drop-down menu, indicate a category if desired, and click the Show me! button.
This will display a list of up to 999 results, marked 1 through 999. If the category contains fewer than 999 total foods, all will be shown.
Foods closer to the top of this list are likely to cause less of an increase in blood sugar than foods farther down the list. See also Estimated Glycemic Load™.
Back to top
Narrow Your Search by Category
Unless you select a category, all search results will include all foods that meet the search criteria. To limit your search to foods within a single food category, simply select that category from the category drop-down menu prior to clicking the Search button.
You will also see options to Narrow by category or Widen your search when you are viewing the search results.
Back to top
Button to Act on Foods in Your Results
To the left of the foods in your search results, you'll see a
icon.
This provides quick access to several useful actions that you might like to perform on a food. You'll see options to Add to My Foods, Add to Compare, Create Recipe, and Add to Tracking. For more information on these actions, see the My ND Help page or Compare Foods Help page.
Back to top
Search Preferences (Optional Settings for All Search Types)
Nutrition Data's My Preferences page allows you to define which food categories are included in your results when you search Nutrition Data's database. By default, all categories are included; however, you may want to exclude certain categories from your searches. For more information, see the My Preferences Help page.
Back to top
Around The Web
copycopycopycopy
Become our Fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Find recipes with this ingredient or dishes thatgo with this food on Self.com. Search for:
you might also like
Recipe Finder
Contact Us
Site Map
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
CAREERS
CONDÉ NAST STORE
REPRINTS/PERMISSIONS
Condé Nast Digital
For more great recipes & food news, visit:
Bon Appétit
Self
Epicurious
ZipList
Subscribe to a magazine:
Subscribe to a magazine:
View Special Offers
View All Titles
------------
Allure
Architectural Digest
Bon Appétit
Brides
Condé Nast Traveler
Details
GQ
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
Lucky
Self
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
W
Wired
View our sister sites:
Condé Nast Web sites:
Allure
Architectural Digest
Ars Technica
Bon Appétit
Brides.com
Condé Nast
Traveler
Concierge.com
Details
Epicurious
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
GQ
Hotel Chatter
Jaunted
Lucky
Reddit
Self
Style.com
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
Webmonkey
Wired.com
W
© 2018 Condé Nast. All rights reserved.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our
User Agreement (updated 5/25/18)
and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
(updated 5/25/18).
Your California Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Self NutritionData method and system is covered by U.S. Patent No. 7,620,531.
Ad Choices