https://www.nwcryobank.com/privacy-policy/
For an optimal experience on our site, please use Chrome, Safari, or Firefox. Certain features may not be supported in your version of Internet Explorer.
NW Cryobank (which is CCB-NWC LLC and may be
referred to as “NW Cryobank”, “NWC”, “we”, “us” or “our”)
respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the Personal Data you
share with us (also, “Data” “Information” or “Personal Information”). If you
have questions or comments at any time about our privacy practices, please let
us know here.
This Privacy Policy was created to:
Clarify how NW Cryobank collects, uses, shares, secures, tracks, and discloses your Personal Data Help you understand your options for accessing, correcting, modifying, porting, or deleting your Personal Data
Note that if you choose to provide Personal Data to us, you explicitly agree to our use of and collection of that Information, as explained in this Privacy Policy. Don’t use our services or interact with any other aspect of our business, including this website, if you don’t agree with this policy.
[As defined under the EU General Data
Protection Regulation, NW Cryobank is a data controller, which means that we
control how and why the Information EU individuals provide is collected,
processed, and stored].
WHO IS COVERED BY THIS POLICY
& WHERE IT APPLIES
This Privacy Policy covers the range of services we offer through our websites, including, but not limited to, donor semen and donor eggs, biostorage, cryogenic preservation, and andrology services.  We refer to all these services collectively, together with any other NW Cryobank assets, websites, and apps, as “Services” in this policy.
All references to NW Cryobank include any employee, director, agent, or contractor of NW Cryobank. The terms “client”, “user”, “you”, “customer”, “data subject” and “your” refer to the individual user visiting our websites, using our Services, talking to us over the phone, or otherwise engaging with us. This Privacy Policy applies to you and to NW Cryobank.
Please read this Privacy Policy along with our Terms of Use and other agreements or contracts that are relevant to the Services, including, but not limited to, the Donor Semen Services Agreement and the Donor Consent Agreement (such agreements will be considered a “Service Agreement”). The terms of this Privacy Policy shall control if its terms conflict with the Terms of Use. However, if this Privacy Policy conflicts with the terms of a Service Agreement, the terms of the Service Agreement shall control.
NW Cryobank does not knowingly collect data from children under age 13, and in the EEA under 16. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete that information from our files. By signing up for and using our site you represent that you are age 18 or over.
We have provided the information below to help you
understand how we collect and use your Personal Data.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
1. PERSONAL DATA VS ANONYMOUS DATA
Your Personal Data remains anonymous until it
is shared it with us voluntarily, for example, by creating an online account,
filling out an application, completing a lead form, filling out a contact form,
signing up to receive emails, purchasing vials or donor information, etc.
Personal Data includes any information that could reasonably identify you, like
your customer number, IP address, home address, email, legal name, mobile number,
SSN, photographs, or any other similar data.
Anonymous data (also known as “Non-Identifying”
or “Non-Personal”) is data that does not contain personally identifying information.
You agree that we may use Anonymous data in aggregate to analyze certain
behavior patterns on our websites, including but not limited to the number of sessions
on a particular web page, devices people use the most, most popular countries,
average time spent making a purchase, previously viewed donor information, etc.
If we combine Personal Data with Anonymous Data,
the combined Data will be treated as Personal Data, as long as it remains combined.
2. HOW WE USE DATA
Personal Data is collected and used for business purposes. General ways we may use your Personal Data include, but are not limited to:
Analyzing it to improve NW Cryobank’s products, Services, and customer communications;Internal purposes, such as data analysis, auditing, and research;Responding to inquiries;Emailing you with information that might be of interest if you opt in to receive it. You may opt out of these emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the marketing emails we send you;Helping troubleshoot or report requests related to problems with any of our Services and websites;For surveys or quizzes, or when you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by NW Cryobank on our websites or via social media channels, like Facebook;In certain situations, we may disclose to your partner, family member, spouse, or any other person you have previously identified, information related to your services received from us, using our reasonable judgement. It is your responsibility to notify us that you have revoked consent for disclosures to that person.
3. HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA
General ways we may share your information include, but are not limited to:
Sharing your Personal Data with agents, contractors, or partners of NW Cryobank, in conjunction with services these individuals provide, in order to improve existing products and services or develop new ones: These agents, contractors, or partners are restricted from using your Personal Data in any way other than to provide Services for NW Cryobank, or Services for the collaboration in which they and NW Cryobank are engaged;Disclosing Personal Data to respond to legal requirements, to enforce regulations, or our business policies, or to protect a third party’s rights, property, or safety; Disclosing Personal Data to other business entities, should we contemplate acquisition by or merger with that business entity. We will require that the new entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Data should such a transaction occur.Disclosing health information for the purpose of:Reporting adverse events to the FDA with respect to product occurrences and product defects in order to enable product recalls or replacement;Assisting legal and public health authorities, as required by law, to prevent or control disease, injury, disability or other public health risks.
4. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
Here are some, but not all of, the common ways
in which we collectyour Personal
Data:
Donor Sperm
Account Creation & Log InWe require Personal Data in order to provide you with our Services. One way we collect your Personal Data is via a form when you create a new online account. This Data may include, but is not limited to, your email, legal name, and date of birth. Once you create this online account, you will no longer be considered anonymous. You will be considered a customer. For authentication purposes, you will be required to create a secure password and to create unique answers to security questions.
You may update some Personal Data in your online account, but may need to contact us and provide additional data that is not editable online, like your Legal Name.
Financial InformationWe may request financial information from you over the phone or online during the checkout process if you choose to use our Services. To purchase from us, you must provide contact information (like name and home shipping
address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. NW Cryobank does not directly collect or store your financial Information. Instead, we use a third-party payment processing company. OrdersIn addition to the Personal Data collected during sign up and added via your online account, you have the option to provide us with other Information that will be required if you choose to proceed with a purchase. For example, we would require your full address if you wished to ship donor sperm vials to your home or your physician. Upon order completion, we will send you an invoice and/or email confirmation to the email address we have on file. You may also print the confirmation page for any orders you have placed. In order to help resolve account issues, we may need to keep records of these orders for reference.Pregnancy Reports When you report a pregnancy, you will be asked for Personal Data,
including your legal name and email address, along with health and outcome Information relating to your insemination procedure. Collecting this Information helps us track pregnancies of our donors and provide medical updates to customers related to their donors or donor offspring. This Information may be collected directly through our website or over the phone. We may provide this information to our affiliates which may offer related products & services.Bulletin BoardsOur bulletin boards are hosted on third-party software called “Vanilla Forums.” You will be prompted to create your own username and password.A Username is created by a user. It is the user’s responsibility to use a unique screen name that doesn’t reveal personally identifiable information.An IP Address is collected by Vanilla Forums to identify users that may abuse the forum by using spam. Admins may block an IP address to prevent a user from spamming the forum.Please note that any Information you post on our bulletin boards becomes public immediately and any Information (including, but not limited to, Personal Information) you disclose becomes publicly available. You should, therefore, use discretion in what you submit to these forums.User TestingFrom time to time we may reach out to users or customers via email or social channels and ask them to help us test new
or improved website features. During this time we will collect device
information and the user’s legal name. After testing is completed, we may ask for a user’s home address so we can ship them gift cards. We may also store a recorded voice or video recording of the user testing session once it is complete, with the user’s consent. Anyone who engaged in website user testing with NW Cryobank may contact us at any time to have these recordings deleted or removed from our servers.
Potential Sperm Donors
Donor Information Application & Donor Portal
If you apply to become a donor, we will collect social, health/medical-related, and family-specific information at different stages during the donor qualification process. This information may be collected over the phone, via email, and/or the donor application and input into the donor portal. We may use your provided health Information in a non-identifying way for the purposes of communicating medical updates to clients. Additionally, you will be asked to create a donor profile, which will include, but is not limited to, photographs of yourself at various ages, education background, religious background, ethnicity, hobbies, interests, blood type, and more.
Any information we collect related to HIV, mental health records, genetic information and/or similar health information may fall under certain special confidentiality protections under applicable State and Federal laws. Any disclosures of these types of records may also be subject to these special protections.
5. HOW WE TRACK YOUR DATA
In order to improve our Services and website user experience, we may track information about people’s behavior and use of our websites across all of our systems using various types of tracking technology (“Technologies”). These Technologies include, but are not limited to, tags, pixels, scripts, cookies, and other online tracking technologies, marketing automation tools, retargeting and remarketing tools, A/B testing tools, and third-party ad networks.
We may use these types of Technologies to help
us achieve various goals, like analyzing which pages are most popular with visitors,
measuring the effectiveness of digital advertisements, identifying lifestyle
interests and demographic information, gaining customer insights, etc.
Cookies
Cookies are small snippets of information a
website asks your browser to store on your electronic device. A cookie allows
the website to remember your action or preferences over time. Cookies may be
used for a wide variety of things, including authentication (like logging in to
your account), security, advertising, analytics, and research.
The most common types of cookies are session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are short-term cookies stored in the browser’s
memory just until the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are
longer-term cookies that are stored in the browser’s memory even after the
browser is closed. We use both types of cookies to collect and store basic
information that enables us to customize and improve our users’ online
experiences.
You always have the option of using cookies or
not. However, if you choose not to accept cookies, you may be unable to use the
full functionality of our websites.
Users are welcome to opt out of future Data
collection and use tied to website analytics by clearing their browser’s
cookies for the domain or URL that uses NW Cryobank’s Services, or by blocking
the use of cookies when they visit such domains or URLs. Most browsers will
have a help feature that will direct you how to clear or block cookies.
Our websites do not change their behavior when receiving “Do Not
Track” signals from browser software.
Tags
Tags are tiny, third-party code snippets that
are added to our website to allow various Technologies to track the online
movements of our web users.
Third Party Ad Networks
We partner with third party ad networks to manage our advertising on other
sites and gain audience insights. These third-party ad networks may include
Google and various others. We utilize Google’s suite of advertising analytics
tools, which includes but is not limited to: Google Analytics Demographics and
Interest Reporting, Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting
and DoubleClick Platform integrations.
As part of their services, Google may use tags,
cookies, and clear gifs. Clear gifs are tiny transparent graphic images with
unique identifiers. They are similar to cookies and are used to track consumers’
online movements. Clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages.
These Display features enable Google Analytics to collect data about site
traffic via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, in addition
to data collected through standard Google Analytics implementations.
We and/or our third-party ad server may collect
and use aggregate Information about you, such as your browser type, the server
your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your IP
address, and etc.
Using Google’s Ads Settings, you can opt out of Google Analytics for
Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. Additionally, the
EDAA Digital, Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), and Advertising Alliance
(DAA) provide opt-out tools for consumers:
NAI opt-out pageDAA’s opt out pageEDAA opt out page (for visitors from European Union)
Please be sure to do your research before using
the sites above. While they may help reduce advertising targeted at you, they
may not necessarily turn off all internet ads. You are solely responsible for
your use of the NAI, DAA, or EDAA sites and any Information you share with them.
We are not affiliated with these organizations, nor can we vouch for their
accuracy or effectiveness. We are just notifying you that these tools are
available; whether or not you choose to use them is up to you.
6. OPTING OUT OF EMAILS & OTHER MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
If we think that certain Services might be of
interest to you, or if you have requested information or updates from us, we
may occasionally send you email or direct mail. You may opt-in to and opt-out
of future marketing communications via unsubscribe links in our marketing emails
or via direct requests.
We will not provide opt-out options for non-marketing
Service emails (for example, emails concerning your order information, privacy
policy updates, contract updates, medical updates, vial availability
notifications, etc.).
7. HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT, MODIFY, PORT, OR DELETE YOUR DATA
NW Cryobank acknowledges that data subjects have the right to request access, correction, modification, portability, and deletion of his or her personal data. You may access your account online to update or edit most of your Personal Information. To remove, update, or correct Personal Information that is not editable through your online account, data subjects with web accounts must call us at 800-786-5251 or 509-232-0132 and we will remove that information for you.
You have the right to request access, correction, modification, portability, and deletion of your personal data.  If records or Personal Data are requested, we are happy to provide that Information. Please contact us at privacy (at) nwcryobank.com and allow for up to 30 days to fulfill your request.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we comply with any removal, porting, or modification requests.
8. CLOSING YOUR ACCOUNT
You have the right at any time to request that we close your account. Please email us at privacy (at) nwcryobank.com and allow for up to 30 days to fulfill your request.
We keep your Personal Data only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes. Generally, we can close your account and remove your Data, unless:
We must keep it for compliance with applicable law;We must keep it as evidence that we are complying with applicable law;There is an unresolved issue, claim or dispute that requires us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; It affects other clients or donor offspring; for example, reported pregnancies for sperm or egg donors, or a donor’s medical or genetic history.
Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in
response to your request.
9. HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURE
NW Cryobank takes precautions, including, but
not limited to, physical, technological, and organizational security measures
to safeguard your Personal Data against theft, loss, misuse, or other
unauthorized disclosure, access, alteration, and destruction.
However, when submitting Personal Information
about yourself on any website, including this one, it is good to be cautious,
as no server is 100% secure. We may suspend your use of all or part of the
Services without notice if we detect or suspect any security breach. If a data
breach does occur, we will notify you without undue delay.
10. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Sale of Personal Information
We do not “sell” your personal information as we understand that term to be defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act and its implementing regulations. We have not sold your information in the past 12-months.
Non-Discrimination Rights
California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights as described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights.
Your Rights With Regard to Your Personal Information
In addition to the rights described in this privacy policy, subject to certain restrictions, California residents have the right to request that we disclose the personal information we collect about them and to delete any personal information that we collected from or maintain about them. Additionally, they have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.
As a California resident, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise your rights and our process for handling those requests.
Right to request access to your personal informationCalifornia residents may request that we disclose the categories of personal information we collect, use, or sell about you, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information, and the third parties with whom the business shares personal information. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. However, we may withhold some information where the risk to you, our customers, our donors, donor offspring, or our business is too great to disclose the information.Right to request that we delete your personal informationYou may request that we delete any personal information we have collected from or about you. However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law. For example, we may retain personal information if it is required to provide our services, protect our business and systems from fraudulent activity, or to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality.We may retain personal information as necessary for us, or others, to exercise other rights, including but not limited to: free speech, scientific research, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, to comply with law enforcement requests, or to comply with legal obligations.Since certain information is vital to order placement, the deletion of that information may prevent us from being able to provide you with some or all services.How to request access to and deletion of your personal informationSubmit a request to access or delete your information to our Privacy Officer at privacy (at) nwcryobank.com. Please allow for up to 45 days to fulfill your request.For your security and that of the rest of our users, we may ask you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your California privacy rights.
Categories of Information We Collect & Sources From Which Information is Collected
CategoryExamplesSourcesCollectedA. IdentifiersA real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.Web application, phone, email, faxYESB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics, address, telephone number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.Web application, phone, email, faxYESC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).Web application, phone, emailYESD. Commercial information.Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.Web application, phoneYESE. Biometric information.Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.Phone, in personYES (NWC sperm and egg donors)F. Internet or other similar network activity.Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.Web application, Technology (as defined in section 3 of this Privacy Policy)YESG. Geolocation data.Physical location or movements.NOH. Sensory data.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.Web application, in person, emailYES (NWC sperm and egg donors)I. Professional or employment-related information.Current or past job history or performance evaluations.Web application, in person, emailYES (Full and part-time NWC Employees)J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.NOK. Inferences drawn from other personal information.Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.Web application, in personYES (NWC sperm and egg donors)
Please refer to section 3, “How We Share Your Data” for the categories of third parties with whom we may share Personal Information.
Other states (Nevada, for example) have similar consumer protection statutes with which we comply. We will protect the data of residents of those states in a manner that is consistent with the relevant statute and substantially similar to the way in which we comply with the CCPA. Residents of those states may also contact us at privacy (at) nwcryobank.com.
11.  GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) RECOURSE FOR EU INDIVIDUALS
EU individuals
with privacy complaints pursuant to GDPR have the right to lodge a privacy
complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority.  Please go to http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/dataprotection-
authorities/index_en.htm for more
information on how to locate your DPA and file a complaint.
12. THIRD PARTY LINKS
Our Websites, Privacy Policy, and/or Terms of Use may contain links to websites that are not operated by NW Cryobank. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites, for any inaccurate information provided by these sites, or for any adverse consequences that may result from your interaction with such third-party websites. Just because we link to, receive data from, or partner with a particular site or app does not mean that we endorse it or its privacy practices. These other websites and apps have their own terms of use and privacy policies with which you may need to comply; we encourage you to read those terms and policies when you visit those websites and use those apps.
13. QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR DATA OR OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES
If you have any questions regarding your Personal data or our privacy practices, please contact NW Cryobank online or via snail mail at:
Attention Legal/Privacy Officer NW Cryobank
11915 La Grange Ave Los Angeles, CA 90025
14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time without notifying you when that change is made. If you have an online account, you will be notified of any modifications to this Privacy Policy and be prompted to accept the changes when you log in to your account. If you continue to use the site, your use indicates acceptance of the changes.
Effective Date: December 30, 2019
Please be aware our office will be closed and no shipments will go out on 12/25/20 & 01/01/21 in observance of the upcoming holidays. New prices go into effect in 2021, so lock in current rates and purchase before the end of 2020.View Donors
+