http://www.inspiredinside.com/privacy.html
Home
Get Healthy at InspiredLiving.com
How We Protect Your Privacy
How We Protect Your Privacy
InspiredLiving.com Is PCI Compliant Insuring
Your Credit Card Safety
The PCI Data Security Standards (PCI DDS) are a set of comprehensive
requirements for enhancing payment account data security, was developed
by the founding payment brands of the PCI Security Standards Council,
including American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International,
MasterCard Worldwide and Visa Inc. Inc. International, to help facilitate
the broad adoption of consistent data security measures on a global basis.
The PCI DSS is a multifaceted security standard that includes requirements
for security management, policies, procedures, network architecture,
software design and other critical protective measures. This comprehensive
standard is intended to help organizations proactively protect customer
account data.
Security Metrics validates our website and our office computers quarterly
to insure we are PCI Compliant. As an added safety measure, we have McAfee
scan our website quarterly to insure continued PCI compliance. To view
our validation certificates, click on any of the security banners on
the left side of any page.
Additionally,
your private information is covered by InspiredLiving.com's Privacy Policy
as set forth within this page. Check your browser documentation to see
how it displays a secure transaction. In most cases, if you see an unbroken
key or closed lock on your browser's navigation bar, you can be assured
that your vital information is securely encrypted as it is transferred
from your computer to our order center. If you are concerned about ordering
electronically, you can place your order TOLL FREE by phone at 866-875-4386.
Or you can print our order
form and either fax it to us at 503-554-0840 or send it to us by
mail at InspiredLiving.com, PO Box 388, Dundee OR 97115.
Commitment to Data Security
InspiredLiving.com is committed to the security of information collected
on our sites. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy
and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online. Our
in-house computers are also
certified PCI Compliant by Security Metrics quarterly scans.
Electronic Security
Private account information received by InspiredLiving.com is located
behind a secure, hardware firewall; it is not directly connected to the
Internet. Information behind the firewall on the customer server is not
available to unauthorized computers. The firewall is a recognized industry
standard.
Weblink Security
We are not responsible for the collection, use or security of information
by companies, organizations or individuals outside of InspiredLiving.com
that may be linked to our websites. Consumers are encouraged to read
the privacy policies of websites reached through the use of links from
the InspiredLiving.com or airpurifiers-uv.com websites.
Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the online privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, InspiredLiving.com voluntarily complies with the Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and the US Federal Trade Commission's
Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule. (16 C.F.R. Part 312). We neither
collect nor maintain information at our site from those actually known
to be under the age of 13, nor is any part of our site directed to children
under the age of 13.
Cookies
New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us deliver customized
visitor experiences. At InspiredLiving.com, we may use cookies to help
us provide you with a fast, convenient shopping experience at our online
store. A cookie is a data element a website sends to your browser. It
is stored on your computer and tells a website that a previous visitor
has returned. It doesn't automatically give personal information about
you, like your e-mail address, name or credit card information.
If you want to give us personal information through registration, then
a cookie will help us deliver content based on your interests and preferences.
Cookies also help us monitor whether our websites are functioning properly
and to perform site-traffic analysis.
Commitment to Privacy
This privacy notice covers all the online information practices of InspiredLiving.com.
Web sites linked to InspiredLiving.com are maintained by entities
that are separate from InspiredLiving and are subject to their own privacy
and security policies.
InspiredLiving.com is concerned about your privacy and the security
of your personal data. We have made a strong effort to ensure that your
personal information is safeguarded, including providing a secure page
to enter your billing and shipping details. This notice explains our
online information practices and the choices you can make about how your
information is collected and used. It discloses the privacy guidelines
for our entire website. A link to this notice is available on our homepage
and on pages where personally identifiable information is requested.
Collected Information
In a few areas on our web site, we ask you to provide information that
will enable us to enhance your site visit or for us to follow up with
you after your visit. It is completely optional for you to participate.
We request information from you when you place an order, ask questions
or provide feedback in an e-mail, fill out our FREE survey or subscribe
to our email newsletter. In each of the instances above, we may ask for
your name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, credit card
number and expiration date, as well as personal preference information
that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers or
make product recommendations.
Use of Information
Name, address, phone number, customer number and credit card information
are used to ship and bill orders. In addition, your phone number and
order numbers are used in case there is a problem with the order and
customer service needs to contact you. If you provide us with your e-mail
address or opt-in to our mailing list, you may receive periodic e-mail
promotions and special offers. You can unsubscribe at any time by sending
us an email.
We also gather data on visitor's movements through our sites. This information
is used to improve our service to you and to administer our web sites.
Our server recognizes the home server (IP) and actions (such as page
hits) of visitors. Data on visitors' home servers is aggregated for internal
review. The aggregate information on what pages are visited is used to
improve the site content and, also, for error tracking purposes related
to the functioning of the site; therefore, individually identifiable
e-mail addresses are not captured or stored for future use, unless you
provide them by posting a message to InspiredLiving.com.
In any communication, be sure to include your name, mailing address
and invoice number. If you ordered by phone and did not receive an invoice
number, please indicate the approximate date you called. We also use
third-party services on our sites to offer certain products on an extremely
limited basis. These outside parties operate under their own privacy
and security policies, and InspiredLiving.com has no responsibility or
liability for these independent policies or actions. When you visit a
page carrying a third-party product, it may attempt to place a cookie
with your machine. (Please note that this happens whether or not you
click on the advertisement). InspiredLiving.com, itself, has no control
or access to these cookies. All internal/external InspiredLiving.com
parties, such as employees, agents and contractors (including our product
suppliers with access to individually identifiable information) are similarly
bound by these privacy and security policies.
Access to Your Information
Any personally identifiable information collected online can be reviewed
or updated by calling our customer service department at 866-875-4386.
To protect the security and integrity of your information, we also take
steps to verify your identity before granting access or correction.
Contact Us
For additional information about our privacy policy and information
maintained about you, please contact us at the following addresses. In
any communication, be sure to include your name, mailing address, telephone
number and order/invoice number.
E-mail: Send
Email
Call: Our customer service toll-free number that
is listed throughout our website is 866-875-4386. Other business and
international calls, kindly use 503-537-0636.
Mail: InspiredLiving.com, PO Box 388, Dundee OR 97115
FREE Monthly Newsletters
We publish four FREE monthly email newsletters: Click Here to Subscribe to One or More Newsletters
Inspired Lifestyles News - Inspiring, motivating and empowering quotes, stories and articles
Healthy Lifestyles News - Articles, resources and products for living a healthier, more vibrant life
Inspired Biz News - Articles and resources for a more spiritual, whole-living work environment
InspiredLiving.com News & Sale Announcements - Sales events, new products and specials