https://www.logan.edu/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Logan University Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Logan University collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Logan.edu website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Logan University.
Non-personal information
Non-personal information is statistical data that provides insight into the use of the Site. Logan University may collect non-personal information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal information may include the type of computing device, the operating system, the browser name, the Internet service providers used and other similar information.
Personal information
Personal information includes name, address, phone number, email address and other personally identifiable data. Logan University may collect personal information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users subscribe to our mailings, respond to a survey, fill out a form, or register on the Site for activities, services or resources that we make available. Users may choose to visit the Site anonymously, or may decided to provide name, email address and other contact information. We only collect voluntarily submitted personal information from Users. Users can always decline to supply personal information with the understanding that it may prevent them from engaging in some activities.
Web browser cookies
Logan University’s Site may use “cookies” to enhance the User experience. A User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to present an alert when cookies are being sent. Some parts of the Site may require cookies to function properly.
How Logan University uses collected information
Logan University may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service. Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group access the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site. We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature. We may use information you provided to send resources Users agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails. We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, related product or service information, etc. The User may unsubscribe from receiving future emails at any time, using the instructions at the bottom of the email.
How we protect your information
Logan University has adopted standard data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade or rent User’s personal information. For the purposes outlined above, we may share with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers generic aggregated demographic information regarding our visitors and Users that is not linked to any personal information. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third-party websites
Users of our Site may encounter links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. These sites or services are constantly changing, and have their own privacy and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Any ads appearing on our Site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may use cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement, and to compile non-personal information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google remarketing
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non-personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Logan University may update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will adjust the revision date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes and stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Logan University
Website Inquiries
1851 Schoettler Rd.
Chesterfield, MO 63017
636-227-2100
News@logan.edu
This document was last updated on November 10, 2017.
Student & Faculty Resources
Alumni & Post Grad
Make a Gift
Request Info
Visit
Apply