https://www.coto.org/about/website-privacy
1.800.890.6570
info@coto.org
Shrink Text
Enlarge Text
Login
Contact Us
FR
Find An OTFind an Occupational Therapist
Menu
Home
About Us
Who We Are
Council and Committees
Council Meetings and Materials
Strategic Priorities
Elections
Annual Reports
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Public Protection
Sexual Abuse Prevention
Complaints Investigation
Discipline
Unregistered Practitioners
Concerns or Complaints About an OT
Report Concerns or File a Complaint
Concerns About OTs: How the College Makes Decisions
Consultations
Transparency
Provide Your Feedback about the College
College Commitment to Anti-Racism
Understanding College Fees
Fee Questions During the Pandemic
For the Public
What Occupational Therapists (OTs) Do
How To Find an Occupational Therapist (OT)
What to Expect From Your OT
Understanding consent: Information for patients, clients and caregivers
Concerns or Complaints About an OT
Concerns About OTs: How the College Makes Decisions
Report Concerns or File a Complaint
Mandatory Reports
Information About Sexual Abuse
Public Input
Patient and Client Resources
Information on COVID-19
COVID-19 Return to Work Guidance for Occupational Therapists
Frequently Asked Questions about Occupational Therapy & School Reopening 2020/2021
Ontario Autism Program
Registration Services
Members
Update Your Information
Practising Outside Ontario
Fees and Tax Receipts
Taking a Leave or Resigning
Professional Liability Insurance
Professional Corporations
Member Login
Applicants
Canadian Educated
Internationally Educated
Registered in Another Province
Reapply to the College
National Exam Information
Application Fees and Timelines
Vulnerable Sector Checks
Provisional Registration
Apply Now
Fees & Timelines
Renewal
Policies
Supporting Indigenous Communities
Standards & Resources
A-Z List of Resources
Standards for Practice
Legislation and Bylaws
Employer Resources
Quick Resource for Employers
Mandatory Reports
Reporting Requirements and Processes
Unauthorized OT Practice
Unregistered Practitioners
Practice Support
Publications
eNews
Podcasts
Webinars
Case Study
Question and Answer
Quality Practice
Professional Obligations
Scope of Practice
Use of Title
Professional Conduct
Inquiries, Complaints and Reports
Discipline
Fitness to Practise
Duty to Report
Self-Report
Mandatory Reports
Privacy
Quality Assurance
Competency Enhancement
Competency Assessment
Competency Improvement
Top 5 Myths about the College’s Peer and Practice Assessment (PPA)
Finding Your Way in MyQA
PREP Archive
Practice Support
Ontario Autism Program
Case Studies
Questions and Answers
Member Login
Get Involved
COVID-19
Find an Occupational Therapist
About Us
Home
›
About Us
›
Website Privacy
Website Privacy Policy
In the course of fulfilling its mandate, the College of Occupational Therapists of Ontario (the “College”) collects, uses and discloses personal information1. The College is committed to protecting your privacy while developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. College employees, as well as every member of the College’s Council or Committee, are required by the legislative framework that governs regulated professions in Ontario, called the Regulated Health Professions Act, 1991 (RHPA), to maintain confidentiality with respect to certain information that comes to their knowledge.
Collection of Personal Information
The College collects and stores information electronically regarding applicants for registration, registrants and persons elected or appointed for the purpose of the administration of the RHPA. This information may include email addresses. Information about your computer hardware and software is automatically collected by the College. This may include: your IP address, browser type, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by the College for statistical purposes of observing traffic and trends through different areas of the site to understand the best ways to engage registrants, the public and other stakeholders.
The College uses certain social media sites to communicate with the registrants and the public. It is important to be cautious when using the College social media sites because any personal information or personally sensitive data placed on the College’s social media, may be collected and used by others.
Use of Collected Personal Information
The College collects and uses personal information for the purpose of regulating the profession in the public interest. This includes collecting personal information used to operate the College public register under Find an Occupational Therapist and to deliver services to address registrants and the public’s needs. The information is also used to notify registrants of other services available from the College and its affiliates. Occasionally, the College uses this information to engage registrants and the public through surveys and questionnaires.
Disclosure of Collected Personal Information
The College only gives personal information to third parties in the form and manner prescribed by law. The College may also share information with other partners to provide services to the College such as, performing statistical analysis, sending emails or postal mails, providing support, or arranging for deliveries. Such partners are strictly required to maintain confidentiality and are prohibited from using that information for any purpose other than to provide the agreed service.
To improve services, the College has started tracking and observing the pages and websites that visitors browse to better understand traffic and trends through different areas of the site. The purpose is to understand and better align our web presence with our clients’ demand.
There are rare circumstances when the College may disclose personal information without consent. These include:
If required to do so by law such as to comply with the provisions of the RHPA and/or if done in the good faith belief that such action is necessary
To comply with the legal process, for example, to the Health Professions Appeal and Review Board
To protect and defend the rights or property of the College or acting under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the College, or the public.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. In addition, cookies help to personalize your online experience and provide a convenient feature to save you time.  For example, a cookie helps to recall your specific information on subsequent visits to the College website. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing or shipping addresses. When you return to the website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the website.
Security of Information
The College takes the security of personal information very seriously. Personal information collected is secured on computer servers in a controlled and secure environment, which is protected from an unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The College uses encryption such as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol when transmitting personal information (for example, credit card number) to other websites to further ensure personal information is secure.
Links to Other Websites
The College website provides links to other websites that could be of interest to registrants and the public. This policy does not apply to other websites as each has its own policy. Please ensure that you are familiar with the privacy policy of any website you choose to access through our website so that you understand how it collects, uses and discloses your information. The College is not responsible for the privacy policies, statements or content of any website linked through the College web pages.
Changes to This Policy
This policy was updated in July 2016. The College, which has the sole right to add, change or remove any part of the policy, terms and conditions will occasionally update this policy to keep up with the changing technology and regulatory issues. The College encourages you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how the College is protecting your information.
Disclaimers
This Privacy Policy governs this website's data collection, usage and disclosure. By accessing, using and/or downloading materials from this website, you agree to accept and abide by this policy for each use and visit to this website.
The College does not guarantee and makes no representation or warranty that this website will continue to operate without interruptions, errors, viruses or other destructive elements. The College has no obligation to provide notice of any changes made to the website and takes no responsibility for damages to users of the website, however caused.
The College is not responsible for the accuracy, reliability or currency of any information provided by external sources or websites linked through the College web pages. Users wishing to rely upon this information should consult directly with the source of the information.
Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Website Privacy Policy, please direct them to the Registrar at 1.800.890.6570/416.214.1177 x233.
1Personal Information means information about an identifiable individual
Home
About Us
For the Public
Registration Services
Standards & Resources
Quality Practice
COVID-19
Find an Occupational Therapist
Accessibility
Privacy
Contact Us
Site Map
1.800.890.6570
info@coto.org
20 Bay Street, Suite 900, PO Box 78, Toronto, ON, M5J 2N8
© 2017 College of Occupational Therapists of Ontario
Back to top
Back to top