http://www.ebmt.org/ebmt/data-privacy
Skip to main content
Login to ProMISe
Login to the EBMT Patient & Donor Registry
Content editing
This login space is for Content Editors only. There is currently no member login for the site. The EBMT will alert all members when member login is established.
Shortcuts
Shortcuts
Annual Meeting
Working Parties
JACIE
MED-A/B Forms
Login
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Linkedin
Linkedin
Youtube
Youtube
Search
Main navigation
Menu
The EBMT
Who we are
Members
EBMT Board of Association
Scientific Council - Working Parties
EBMT Committees
EBMT Board of Counsellors
EBMT Offices & Staff
Honorary Members
What we do
Our Mission, Vision & Values
Media Corner
News
Newsletters
EBMT Partners
Data Privacy
GoCART Coalition
The Registry
How to Use the Registry
Data Collection
Data Submission
Data Retrieval
Data Sharing
Registry Education & Training
Transplant Activity Survey
Research
Publications
EBMT Publications list
Summary of recent EBMT Publications
My Paper of the Month
EBMT Studies
Current
studies list
Working Parties
Acute Leukaemia Working Party (ALWP)
Severe Aplastic Anaemia Working Party (SAAWP)
Autoimmune Diseases Working Party (ADWP)
Cellular Therapy & Immunobiology Working Party
(CTIWP)
Chronic Malignancies Working Party (CMWP)
Inborn Errors Working Party (IEWP)
Infectious Diseases Working Party (IDWP)
Lymphoma Working Party (LWP)
Paediatric Diseases Working Party (PDWP)
Transplant Complications Working Party (TCWP)
Statistics
Clinical Cases
Events
Annual Meeting 2021
Past Annual Meetings
Educational Events
Past Educational Events
Related Events & Media
Education
Apps
Document center
E-Materials
E-learning
Webinars
EBMT Handbook
EBMT Nurses Textbook
EBMT Exam
Nursing
Who we are
Working Party Nurses
Nursing Research Committee
Nursing Communication & Networking Committee
Nursing Scientific Committee
Nursing Paediatric Committee
Nursing Global Education Committee
Nursing Research
Nursing Education
Nursing Events
Accreditation
About JACIE
JACIE Standards
Current Edition
Applicants
Inspectors
How to Become an Inspector
Current Inspectors
Inspector Committee
JACIE Education
JACIE Surveys
Top
Back to top
Breadcrumb
Home
/
The EBMT
Data privacy
The EBMT Registry collects data for research and development of new and improved transplant, cell therapy and immunosuppression procedures, and to improve the quality of these procedures through the accreditation of treatment units.
EBMT is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of personal data that we maintain about patients, donors, members and employees. The EBMT ensures that all personal data under its responsibility is processed according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The data is stored in an electronic database located in a European country which is protected by safeguards that ensure security, including compliance with ISO27001 certification. The data will only be accessible by the EBMT employees for the performance of their job following a stringent access control policy.
Patient Privacy Statement
This webpage details what personal data EBMT collects from patients, how it is collected and stored and the purposes for which it is used.  There is also information on how to contact the registry and the rights of individual data subjects. It was generated in response to new legislation, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, hereafter “GDPR”).
GO TO THE PATIENT PRIVACY STATEMENT PAGE
Privacy policy
This webpage details what personal data EBMT collects from members, how it is collected and stored and the purposes for which it is used.  There is also information on how to contact the registry and the rights of individual data subjects. It was generated in response to new legislation, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, hereafter “GDPR”).
GO TO THE PRIVACY POLICY PAGE
Data Use and Processing Policy
This Policy regulates the management of Personal Data relating to patients reported to the EBMT Registry and provides rules and procedures which apply to all departments and individuals within the EBMT, aimed at ensuring that Patient Personal Data is processed and protected properly in all countries and regions and in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
VIEW THE DATA USE AND PROCESSING POLICY DOCUMENT
Joint Controllership Agreement with Centers with full EBMT membership
EBMT is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of personal data that we obtain from patients, members and employees. In this context, EBMT has developed a Joint Controllership agreement with Centers with full EBMT membership which describes the responsibilities concerning data protection of the data reported to EBMT.
At the same time, the agreement includes all the requirements established by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (GDPR) concerning data processing and controllership obligations for EBMT members and EBMT. This document has been produced by the EBMT GDPR working group, revised and endorsed by the EBMT legal advisors for compliance with GDPR, and finally approved by the EBMT Executive Committee.
It is of great importance that EBMT members who report data to the EBMT Registry sign this document and return it to EBMT.
Download pdf
Joint Controllership Agreement with Centers with full EBMT membership
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Linkedin
Linkedin
Youtube
Youtube
© 2018 The European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. All rights reserved
Footer menu
ANBI Data
Patient Privacy Statement
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms of use
Contact us