http://www.esrdnetwork18.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Please read the entire privacy policy statement before sending any information via email to ESRD Network 18 of Southern California. Thank you for visiting our web site. We welcome your comments and suggestions via email at on our Contact Us page.
Mailing Address:
ESRD Network 18 of Southern California
700 N. Brand Blvd., Suite 370, Glendale, CA 91203
Telephone: 888-268-1539
Facsimile: 888-280-8669
ESRD Network 18 of Southern California has the following Internet privacy policy: ESRD Network 18 of Southern California does not collect personally identifiable information, i.e., name, social security number, email address, from our web site unless we specifically advise you of the request. You may visit our web site without giving any personally identifiable information. We will not obtain personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information and you will be notified explicitly when such information is requested and about its exclusive purpose.
We may collect personally identifiable information only if specifically and knowingly provided by you. Any personally identifiable information requested by ESRD Network 18 of Southern California, i.e., contact name, address, phone or fax number, or email address, is protected by our confidentiality policy. This information is used solely by ESRD Network 18 of Southern California for the information or service you requested (i.e., online registration for events or request for information by regular mail or fax) and we will protect the personal information that you share with us.
Note: Electronic mail is not secure against interception. If your communication is confidential or sensitive, please send it by US mail instead. Do not send confidential information to ESRD Network 18 of Southern California via email.
ESRD Network 18 of Southern California does, however, collect some non-personally identifiable information, i.e., IP address (Internet protocol address; this number is automatically assigned by your Internet service provider each time you log on to the Internet) of the site visitor , the type of browser you are using (Netscape, Internet Explorer, etc), date and time of access, pages visited, and files downloaded. This information is temporarily kept and used in aggregate for statistical purposes such as to update our web site, assess its functionality, visibility, and performance. This non-personally identifiable information is not permanently retained nor is it sold, disclosed, shared, given or transferred to any third party. Any changes or updates to our policy will be posted on our main web page.
Note: Cookies are short pieces of text written either temporarily or permanently by web servers to a user’s computer to help identify the user. Cookies cannot be used to execute code or carry viruses.
ESRD Network 18 of Southern California uses cookies to track users browsing history on this web site on their computers.
ESRD Network 18 of Southern California is a subsidiary of Health Services Holdings (HSH). For an Adobe Acrobat Reader formatted copy of this Privacy Policy, click here. This material was prepared by ESRD Network 18 of Southern California, the Medicare Quality Improvement Organization for Florida, under contract with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), an agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The contents presented do not necessarily reflect CMS policy.
Latest Events
Support Group: En Espanol: Kidney / Pancreas Support, Loma LindaFriday, December 11, 2020 at 12:30 PM - 2:00 PMSupport Group: Saddleback Church, Lake ForestSaturday, December 12, 2020 at 1:00 PMWestside Kidney Support Group: English/Spanish, Culver CitySunday, December 13, 2020 at 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM