http://www.einstein.edu/orthopedics/conditions/sports-medicine
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Request an Appointment
Home / Services / Orthopedic Care & Services / Conditions & Treatments / Sports Medicine & Rehabilitation
Orthopedics
Orthopedics Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Request an Appointment
Conditions & Treatments
Sports Medicine & Rehabilitation
Our orthopedic team at Einstein uses some of the most advanced surgical and non-surgical techniques to help athletes heal faster and get back in the game. These include:
Minimally Invasive Arthroscopic Surgeries
When performing surgery to reconstruct or repair ligaments, tendons and joints, we use the latest minimally invasive techniques. These include all-inside ACL reconstruction and arthroscopic rotator cuff repair with biologic augmentation. These types of surgeries preserve healthy tissue as much as possible to reduce post-operative pain and recovery time.
Ultrasound-Guided Injections
Corticosteroids can help reduce inflammation and provide lasting relief for certain types of injuries.
In order to make sure that the injection is delivered to the precise location where it will be most effective, an ultrasound device is used to guide the injection.
Platelet-Rich Plasma Therapy
Platelet-rich plasma therapy is a type of regenerative medicine that uses the body’s own powerful healing mechanisms. Injecting a concentration of platelet-rich plasma into an injured area can accelerate the healing of certain types of injuries. Platelet-rich plasma is made by taking a few vials of your blood and using a centrifuge to concentrate the platelets. An ultrasound device is then used to guide the injection into the target area.
Non-Surgical Treatments
Einstein’s orthopedic specialists and certified physical therapists will work closely with you to develop a personalized treatment plan that is designed to help you recover as quickly as possible so that you can safely return to training and competition. Learn more about other non-surgical treatment options.
Meet Our Team
Learn more about our board-certified orthopedic specialists and schedule an appointment to discuss your treatment options today.
Find a Specialist
Rehabilitation
Whether you are recovering from a sports injury or have just had hip or knee replacement surgery, you can rely on Einstein Health Network’s MossRehab, one of the highest-ranked rehab centers in the entire country.
Providing comprehensive, coordinated care, your orthopedic team at Einstein will work closely with certified physical and occupational therapists to help you make a full, fast recovery.
Learn more about MossRehab and schedule an appointment today.
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training & Education
At Einstein, we have comprehensive clinical expertise in orthopedics and are actively invested in resident education.
Accreditation & Partnerships
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.