https://www.rcn.org.uk/privacy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Find out more about cookies
Continue
Search
Menu
submit
Membership
Employment and Pay
Professional Development
Clinical
Library
Get Involved
Get Help
News & Events
About
Contact
Quick links
×
Reps Hub
Starting Out
RCN Northern Ireland
RCN Scotland
RCN Wales
RCN East Midlands Region
RCN Eastern Region
RCN London
RCN Northern Region
RCN North West Region
RCN South East Region
RCN South West Region
RCN West Midlands Region
RCN Yorkshire and the Humber
Log in
Become a member
×
Membership
Join the RCN
Become a nurse or midwife member
Become an HCA, AP, NA and TNA member
Become a student member
Nurse and midwife members
HCA, AP, NA and TNA members
Student members
Retired members
International nurse members
Member discounts
Membership tax relief
Join the RCN
Join the UK's largest union and professional body for nursing.
×
Employment and Pay
Healthy workplace, healthy you
RCN indemnity scheme
Independent employers pay, terms and conditions information
Inclusion café
NHS conditions of employment
NHS mileage allowance
NHS pay scales
Nursing staff from the European Union
Pensions
Raising concerns
Revalidation
Safe staffing
×
Professional Development
Accountability and delegation
Advanced Practice Standards
Celebrating Nursing Practice
RCN Group Education, Learning and Development strategy
Forums and networks
HCA and AP learning resources
NICE collaboration
Nursing careers resource
Partnership learning agreements
Practice based learning
Principles of nursing practice
Professional services
Publications
Research and innovation
Revalidation
Scholarships and bursaries
Work experience
Your career
×
Clinical
Children and young people
Clinical governance
Complementary therapies
Continence
Dementia
Diabetes
Domestic abuse
eHealth
End of life care
Female genital mutilation
Infection prevention and control
Medicines management
Mental health
Modern slavery
Neuroscience nursing
Nursing in justice and forensic health care
Nutrition and hydration
Older people
Patient safety and human factors
Public health
Safeguarding
Safety in numbers
Supporting behaviour change
Women's health
×
Library
Books, journals and databases
Subject Guides
Exhibitions and Events
Support
Archives
About us
×
Get Involved
Campaign with us
Become an RCN rep
Consultations
Countries and regions
Get involved as an RCN student member
RCN elections and appointments
RCN awards
×
Get Help
Advice Guides
RCN indemnity scheme
Statements, investigations and discipline
Your pay
Your contract
Legal support
Professional practice
NMC issues
Sick leave and sick pay
Bullying, harassment and stress
Maternity, family and work
Working time, health and safety
Member Support Services (MSS)
×
News and Events
News
Events
Blogs
RCN magazines
RCN2020 events and debates
Chief Executive and General Secretary's update
RCN President's update
Congress
Press office
RCN magazines archive
×
About
What the RCN does
How the RCN is governed
RCN general meetings
Our structure
Our history
Our influencing work
Diversity and inclusion
Work for us
Working with us
submit
Privacy
Protecting your data: The RCN Group privacy statement
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. So that you can feel in control of your personal information, we want to be clear with you about the information we collect and how it is used.
Collecting personal information
The Royal College of Nursing is a membership organisation, trade union and professional body. Together with the RCN Foundation, an independent charitable Foundation and RCN Publishing Co Ltd (RCNi) our media company providing up-to-date health care information for the whole nursing workforce, we are the RCN Group.
To help us provide a service to our members, customers and employees, the RCN Group collects and processes certain personal information as described below:
RCN: To help us provide our services including administering membership records, balloting members, organising activities, promoting what we do, or supporting and managing our employees.
RCNi: To enable us to create, produce and distribute digital and printed material, to provide digital products and services, and promote our events, products and services; to maintain our accounts and records; to support and manage our employees.
RCN Foundation - To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the national public as specified in our constitution; to fundraise and promote the interests of the charity; manage our employees and volunteers; maintain our own accounts and records.
Some of this information is provided by, and personally identifies, you for example name, email address and bank details
We also collect information from the RCN Group services you’ve used. For example, searching our websites, signing up to an event or clicking an online advert. This helps us to find out what information is important to you so that we can improve the services we offer.
Using your personal information
We use the information you provide us to deliver, tailor and improve our services.
We only keep your information for as long as you have a relationship with us and where there is a legitimate reason to do so.
Who we can share your information with
We may share your information with other RCN Group companies, and any subcontractors, agents, or service providers who work for us or other RCN Group companies. We may also share your information with others outside of the RCN Group, such as regulators, or solicitors and barristers who may be supporting your case.  With your permission, we may contact you on behalf of selected third parties.
Transferring your information overseas
Your information may be transferred and stored in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), including some that may not have laws that provide the same level of protection for personal information. When we do this, we’ll ensure your information has the appropriate level of protection such as encryption.
Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to the information that we hold about you. These rights include:
the right to access information we hold about you and to obtain information about how we process it;
in some circumstances, the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information, which you can do at any time. We may continue to process your information if we have another legitimate reason for doing so;
in some circumstances, the right to receive certain information you have provided to us in an electronic format and/or request that we transmit it to a third party;
the right to request that we rectify your information if it’s inaccurate or incomplete;
in some circumstances, the right to request that we erase your information. We may continue to retain your information if we’re entitled or required to retain it
the right to object to, and to request that we restrict, our processing of your information in some circumstances. Again, there may be situations where you object to, or ask us to restrict, our processing of your information but we’re entitled to continue processing your information and/or to refuse that request.
As our Cardiff Gate Offices are closed until further notice, all requests regarding the RCN’s data protection and privacy policy, including requests for access, should be sent by email to: dataprotection@rcn.org.uk. You also have the right to complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office by visiting www.ico.org.uk, or to the data protection regulator in the country where you live or work.
In this section
Cookie policy
Back To Top
Links
My RCN
RCN Starting Out
RCNXtra
Steward Portal
RCN Shop
Bulletin Jobs
Press office
RCNi
RCN Foundation
RCN Commercial
Careers at the RCN
Venue hire
Legal
Privacy
Accessibility
Connect with us:
© 2020
Royal College of Nursing