http://www.ifcn.info/privacy-policy.asp
Facebook
Twitter
Contact Us
Site Map
Login
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
IFCN Website Privacy Policy
UPDATED MARCH 15, 2020
The International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology (IFCN) is committed to honoring the privacy of those who visit our website and use our services, at the same time providing you with the most useful and enjoyable experience as possible. The Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, and use information about our visitors, members, and customers. Please read this policy carefully, as it describes IFCN’ use of your Personal Information. By accessing and using the IFCN Website or services, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy, and are hereby consenting to our use of your Personal Information as set forth herein. You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting IFCN Headquarters. We may update this policy from time to time and will announce this on our Website. If any changes are material or apply to information we have already collected, we may provide additional notice and/or request additional consents as appropriate under the circumstances.
What Personal Data Do We Collect From You?
For general website visitors: IFCN does not collect any personal identifying information from users just browsing our website. Our server recognizes your domain name and the pages that you visit. These data are gathered in an aggregate manner for quality control, statistical purposes and improvement of our site. This information is never forwarded to any third parties and we do not use any online tracking or interest-based advertising cookies or web beacons.
IFCN uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and Services. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your personal information. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.
For IFCN Members, and other Customers: Any personally identifying information collected from you is used to fulfill a specific service or contractual agreement such as webinar registration, abstract submissions and payments, dues renewals, or purchase of IFCN products and services.
To gain access to the member-restricted information, members are asked to provide their email address and password. Within your IFCN profile, you may choose to provide us with additional personal data at your discretion, such as name, demographic information, employer, phone number, and location data. You can control how much information you choose to share with us.
To gain access to the registration and customer management system, users are asked to provide their email address and to create a password in order to setup an account to process registrations. Within your customer profile, you may choose to provide us with additional personal data at your discretion, such as name, demographic information, employer, phone number, and location data. You can control how much information you choose to share with us.
If you use our Member networking site, Community Brands, you may choose which data is shown to other Members and may also post information, opinions, photographs, video, images, graphics, and other content or materials of any nature (collectively, “Materials”) within that application. You have control of who sees this Material through your use of the privacy settings available through the site. If you choose, the Materials will be viewable by other users.
Any personally identifying information collected from you when you apply for a IFCN award is used to fulfill the specific purpose of providing staff contact methods to reach you regarding the status of your application, and for the awards review process to differentiate between applicants. Any required application materials (CV, recommendation letters, etc.) are only shared with the Awards Committees responsible for reviewing and selecting award recipients.
How Will Your Information Be Used?
IFCN uses information specifically for the purpose of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with our website and services. IFCN is committed to taking all reason able measures for safeguarding the personally identifiable information that you choose to provide to us for any purposes other than outlined in this document.
IFCN will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collect it unless we reasonably believe that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. We will notify you prior to any additional processing.
Legal Basis For Using Your Information
IFCN will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. We may use your personal data in order to perform the contract we entered with you. If you failed to provide personal data required to perform the contract, we may not be able to perform the contract and we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. IFCN may use your personal data based on your consent. By providing IFCN your personal information, you are actively agreeing to interact with us, though IFCN membership and/or other events and services and giving us consent to use your personal data. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. Please remember that withdrawing your consent does not remove the legal basis to use your information to perform the contract where applicable.
Disclosure to Third Parties:
IFCN makes member contact information available through the online IFCN Membership Directory Online only to other members logged into the website.
IFCN headquarters staff use your email address to respond to your request(s) and to relay membership communication such as Officer and Bylaws Ballots, and important membership correspondence.
IFCN may share limited personal information (first and last name) with our contracted hotel partners for our Annual Meeting. The information used solely to audit our room blocks to ensure attendees receive the discounted hotel room rate. IFCN never shares any other personal information other than your first and last name with our hotel partners.
IFCN uses various payment processors to complete payments on our Website, each who have their own privacy policies. We do not retain any personally identifiable information linked to financial information such as credit card numbers. Information is provided directly to the third-party processer at the time you submit payment.
PayPal (used as a processor for dues, registrations, services, products, sponsorships, and exhibit payments)
Stripe (used to process personal donations and Job Postings)
IFCN uses various third-party service providers to process administrative tasks for certain activities, each who have their own privacy policies:
Abstract Submission: XXX
Customer Relationship Manager: Community Brands
Donations (Personal): Donorbox
Job Bank Service: XXX
How Long Will Your Data Be Stored?
IFCN will not retain your personal information for longer than the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. If required by law, we will nullify such personal information by erasing it from our database. Anyone having a recent contractual relationship with IFCN but then does not interact with the Federation for a period of 4 years will have their data anonymized in our database. If you have any open invoices with IFCN you are considered to have ongoing business and must settle those invoices prior to having your data deleted. As a user of our services you have the ability to have control of the purpose for collecting data, and the duration for which the Personal Data may be kept by IFCN and can at any time update or delete data as you wish.
Responses To Legal Requests
IFCN reserves the right to share your information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law. IFCN will ensure proper communication with regulatory authorities to ensure privacy.
Do We Employ Cookies?
IFCN uses “Authentication Cookies” used by web servers to know whether the user is logged in or not, and which account they are logged in with. Without such a mechanism, the site would not know whether to send a page containing sensitive information, or require the user to authenticate themselves by logging in. Cookies are generated by our website to provide you with a personalized and enhanced online experience. These cookies make your navigation through our sites easier by saving your passwords, preferences, and member profile information. Cookies also show how visitors use our site and enable us to make improvements based on actual visitor traffic patterns. The use of cookies in this manner is an association industry standard. Nonetheless, you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
How Can I Control My Information?
You can control the information we have about you and how we use it in several ways:
If you are a registered user, you can review, revise, and correct the personal data that you have provided to IFCN via your YourMembership account;
If you have received an unwanted email, use the unsubscribe method provided in our various communications and/or manage your subscription preferences online; and
If you no longer wish to interact with IFCN and want your personal information deleted, you can make a request by contacting us by email or as outlined below. IFCN will delete your personal information and maintain your participation information in an anonymous fashion, so that any data we hold about how you have interacted with IFCN in the past will be made anonymous.
International Transfer
IFCN is headquartered in the United States and your personal data may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. For the European Union users, the European Commission has approved the use of model contract clauses as a means of ensuring adequate protection when transferring data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By incorporating model contract clauses into a contract between IFCN and the third-party processors that IFCN engages, your information can be protected when transferred outside of the EEA to countries which have not been deemed by the European Commission to adequately protect personal data, including the United States.
European Union Privacy Rights
IFCN is headquartered in the United States and your personal data may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. For the European Union users, the European Commission has approved the use of model contract clauses as a means of ensuring adequate protection when transferring data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By incorporating model contract clauses into a contract between IFCN and the third-party processors that IFCN engages, your information can be protected when transferred outside of the EEA to countries which have not been deemed by the European Commission to adequately protect personal data, including the United States.
Access: You may receive information about our processing of your personal data and a copy of your personal data.
Correct: You may request us to update or correct inaccurate data we have about you. You can also do this by accessing your information as described above.
Delete: You may ask us to delete your personal information. See above for more detail.
Opt-out: You may change your subscription setting at any time and stop receiving any direct marketing communications as described above.
Transfer: You may ask us to transfer your personal data in a machine-readable format to a third party of your choice.
Restrict: You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Object: You may object to our reliance on our legitimate interest as the basis of our processing if you believe it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Complain: You have a right to submit a complaint to the supervisory authority in the Member State in which you are located. The list of Data Protection authorities and their contact information are available on the European Commission’s website.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights above, please contact us by email at IFCN Headquarters or use the Contact form on the website.
Links To Other Sites
Please be aware that while visiting our site, Visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. IFCN is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
Acceptance Of Conditions
We assume that all Visitors of our website, Respondents to surveys, registrants, members, and applicants have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our website and services.
Your Rights
At any time, you may view and/or update your information or change your communication preferences by accessing your Membership Profile or mailing list preferences.
To request we update, delete or return your information to you, users may contact IFCN Headquarters or call 703.438.3103. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Our mailing address is:11190 Sunrise Valley Drive, Suite 300Reston, VA 20191United States
Defined Terms
The following terms used in this Privacy Policy have defined meanings.
Personal information. Any data about an identified or identifiable individual, including data that identifies an individual or that could be used to identify, locate, track, or contact an individual. Personal information includes both directly identifiable information such as a name, identification number or unique job title, and indirectly identifiable information such as date of birth, unique mobile or wearable device identifier, telephone number as well as key-coded data.
Third party. Any legal entity, association or person that is not owned by IFCN, or in which IFCN does not have a controlling interest.
Disclaimers
International Intellectual Property and Copyright laws protect all materials contained on the IFCN website. ‘Material’ includes all text, graphics, icons, photographs, software, audio, and video. Permission is granted to download, copy, or print material for personal, instructional, or noncommercial use.
Information contained on our website does not necessarily represent the views or opinions of the International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Information found on the IFCN website should not be relied on as medical, legal, business, or tax advice.
The IFCN website provides hyperlinks to external sites for the convenience of our visitors. Such a hyperlink doesn’t imply that the IFCN endorses the content or operation of external sites. You are solely responsible for how you use any external site linked from this website.
The laws of the State of Wisconsin and the United States of America apply, no matter where this website is viewed. Any suits filed against IFCN must be filed in the state of Virginia.
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time, and you are urged to review it periodically. Use of this website constitutes agreement to the Policy that is posted at the time of use.
Give Us Your Feedback
Our goal is to protect your privacy and to provide a pleasant user experience. To comment on or help us to improve this privacy policy, contact IFCN Headquarters.