http://www.pacemakerclub.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
CLUB
Home
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Corporate Services
Forums
Post Message
Recent Messages
Batteries & Leads
Checkups & Settings
Conditions & Meds
Coping
Complications
Exercise & Sports
General Postings
ICDs
Interferences
Surgery & Recovery
Learn
FAQs
Famous Recipients
Abbreviations
Web Links
Shop
CLUB STORE
AFFILIATES
Join
Login
Privacy Policy
This policy covers how Pacemaker Club treats personal, corporate and business information that we collect and receive.  Personal, corporate and business information is information about you or your company that is personally identifiable like your name or email address and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Pacemaker Club does not own, control or to people that Pacemaker Club does not employ or manage.  Information Collection and UseOur registration process requires that you only provide your name, a valid email address, unique username and password to register an account.  Providing additional information is solely at your discretion.  All member account information, except your name, email address and password, may be displayed on our website.  Like most web sites, we also collect general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address. Pacemaker Club uses this information to enhance our website, compile a membership list, respond to inquiries and email periodic updates to you.Information Sharing and DisclosurePacemaker Club does not rent, sell, or share personal, corporate or business information with other people or other companies. Information MaintenanceMembers must maintain accurate registration information. Accounts containing inaccurate information may be deleted.  You may request deletion of your account at any time.  After deletion, information that is contained within your postings and comments may continue to remain on our site.  Correspondence sent directly to Pacemaker Club is filed in a secure location and is deleted when no longer required.  If you have a privacy-related question, email info@pacemakerclub.com.
You know you're wired when...
You have an excuse for being a couch potato.
Member Quotes
Today I explained everything to my doctor, he set my lower rate back to 80 and I felt an immediate improvement.