http://www.gillmaybury.co.uk/legal-information/privacy-policy/
Email:
Call: 07860 879019
Facebook: @gmayburychiro
General Chiropractic Council RegistrationNo. 01092
Home
About Gill
Chiropractor
Equine Chiropractor
Canine Chiropractor
Equestrian
Equine Chiropractic
Problems
Causes
Treatments
Benefits
Canine Chiropractic
Problems
Causes
Treatments
Benefits
Chiropractic Information
History
Philosophy
Organisations
Glossary
Links
Contact Gill
Contact Details
Online Form
Equine Fees
Canine Fees
Privacy Policy
Privacy Summary
Below is a brief summary of our privacy policy - the full policy immediately follows the summary.
We are committed to protecting and respecting personal privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect, or that is provided to us, will be processed by us.
We normally collect personal information when it is volunteered to us for use of our services. We do not normally collect any sensitive personal information.
We may store personal information in electronic and/or hard copy format.
We collect and may use your personal information to contact you in response to the communications that you have directed at us. We want to be able to help you so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.
We only collect and use personal information on the grounds of: consent, contract and legitimate interests.
We do not knowingly collect or store personal information about children under the age of 16.
We may occasionally need to share personal information with a third party (e.g. a service provider, partner or supplier etc.). This will be for our legitimate business interest and such parties will have to follow our instructions and respect data protection laws and regulations.
We do not sell, rent or exchange personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
We may disclose personal information to other third parties if required to do so by law etc.
We will use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to provide you with your rights in accordance with data protection legislation.
We use cookies on our website - details are to be found in our cookie policy.
We store and process personal information in accordance with the standards required under data protection legislation.
We only hold personal information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in our privacy policy or until you request it is deleted.
If you have any queries relating to our use of your personal information or any other related data protection questions, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy notice.
This notice:
Explains how we collect, store, use and disclose personal information
Explains your rights and choices pertaining to such information
May change from time to time - so please check back here frequently
Sections in this Privacy Policy:
1.
What this Privacy Policy covers
2.
Personal Information we collect
3.
How we collect and use your personal information
4.
Why do we process your personal information
5.
Use of children's personal information
6.
Sharing your personal information
7.
Disclosing your personal information
8.
How you can change permissions
9.
Your information rights and responsibilities
10. Cookies
11. Keeping your personal information secure
12. How long do we keep your personal information
13. How to contact us
14. Changes
Last Updated: May 22 2018
What this Privacy Policy covers
Welcome to our privacy notice. Gill Maybury is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR), the data controller is Gill Maybury of 62 Raglan Road, Reigate, Surrey RH2 0HN and our nominated data protection representative is Gill Maybury.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
The personal information we collect
How and why we collect and use your personal information
Why we process your personal information
When and why we will disclose your personal information to other organisations
The rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal information
Why we use cookies
The steps we take to ensure your information is kept secure and confidential
How long we will hold your information for
How to contact us
Back to top
Personal Information we collect
We may collect certain personal information which (either on its own or when combined with other information we hold about you) allows us to identify you as an individual and which is about you.
We will normally collect personal information directly from you when you volunteer it to us or from your use of our services. Normally, we try to limit our use of information which allows us to identify you as a named individual to the details we need to provide the requested or agreed service for you.
Where possible, we collect and use details which do not identify you as a named individual, such as website usage information. Some of this information may involve the use of cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
We do not normally collect any sensitive personal information from or about you and do not wish to do so unless essential.
We may store your personal information in electronic and/or hard copy format.
To understand why we collect and further use your personal information (See Section 4 below).
Back to top
How we collect and use your personal information
The following sections cover the specifics of each of the groups from which data is collected: Website Visitors, Clients/Customers, Suppliers/Partners and Employees
Website Visitors
If you visit our website without filling in a form:
We process cookie information only (i.e. no personally identifiable information) - please see our Cookie Policy.
If you visit our website and submit a "Contact" form:
In addition to cookie information (see above) we also collect your name, email and phone number. This is done with your consent and enables us to contact you in response to the communications that you have directed at us. We want to be able to help you so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.
If you visit our website and submit a "Leave a Reply" form (i.e. on a Blog article):
In addition to cookie information (see above) we also collect your name, email and reply.
These three pieces of information will be saved to this website's database, along with your computer's IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment.
This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to anyone else.
Only your name will be shown on the public-facing website although if the supplied email address is linked to a Gravatar account, your Gravatar photo will also be displayed.
Your comment and its associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either remove the comment or remove the blog post.
Should you wish to have the comment and its associated personal data deleted, please email us using the email address that you commented with.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog.
PLEASE NOTE: You should avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit on this website.
If you visit our website and submit a "Subscription" form (e.g. for an email newsletter):
In addition to cookie information (see above) we also collect your name and email.
These two pieces of information will be saved to this website's database.
This information is only used to identify you as a newsletter subscriber and is not passed on to anyone else.
Our newsletter system uses a double opt-in process - a confirmation email is sent to you to verify your email address. Once you click on the confirmation link it contains, your subscription will become active.
Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time, either by clicking the "Unsubscribe" or "Manage my Subscription" links in the newsletter.
Prospective Clients / Clients
In addition to your name, email address, telephone number and the nature of your enquiry:
We may (if appropriate) contact you. In order to provide our services to you it may also be necessary for us to request your address.
Your contact information will be saved in our contact database to enable us to provide you with support, services, mailings, sales and marketing actions, billing and to meet contractual obligations.
Your contact information will not be passed on to anyone else - unless we need to deliver part or all of a service to you via a third party (See Section 6 below for details).
Suppliers / Partners
If you supply products or services to us or work with us to provide part or all of a product/service to our client(s):
Your personal information will be saved in our contact database to enable us to provide you with support, services, mailings, sales and marketing actions, billing and to meet contractual obligations.
Your personal information will not be passed on to anyone else - unless we need to deliver part or all of a service to you via a third party (See Section 6 below for details).
Employees
Gill Maybury has no employees
Contacting YouWe collect and may use your personal information to contact you in response to the communications that you have directed at us. We want to be able to help you so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.
Back to top
Why do we process your personal information
We will only collect and use your personal information (as described in sections 2 and 3) in accordance with data protection laws. Our grounds for processing your personal information are as follows:
Consent - Collection and processing your personal information where you have consented for us to do so. Examples of this may include:
When you contact us via a form on this website, we will use your personal information to communicate with, and provide assistance to, you.
When you request to receive our marketing information (such as newsletters etc.).
Contract - Where we have a contract with you or as a first step towards a potential contract (e.g. a quote).
We will process your personal information in order for us to comply with our obligations under the contract
Legitimate Interests - Where we have sensible and legitimate business grounds for doing so. Under European privacy laws there is a concept of "legitimate interests" as a justification for processing your personal information. Our legitimate interests for processing your personal information are:
to enable you to access and use this website
From May 2018, you have a right to object to our use of your personal information for these legitimate interests (see Section 9 below)
Back to top
Use of children's personal information
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. If you are aged under 16 please get your parent or guardian's permission before you provide any personal information to us.
Back to top
Sharing your personal information
The personal information that we collect when you use our services is confidential. We may share your personal information with a third party (e.g. service provider, supplier etc.) for our legitimate business interest.
These parties have to follow our instructions and respect the data protection laws and regulations.
These parties will not be permitted to use your personal information for their own marketing purposes unless you have consented to receive marketing from them on another site.
Sharing your personal information with such parties may occur in the following circumstances:
In order to provide you with part or all of the product or service that you have requested. To do that, such parties may need to process your personal information. Such third parties may include: business partners, independent contractors, service providers, suppliers etc.
In order run or manage our business. Such third parties may include: our accountants, advisors, insurers etc.
Back to top
Disclosing your personal information
The personal information that we collect when you use our services is confidential. We may disclose your personal information to a third party in the following circumstances:
If required or permitted to do so by law;
If required to do so by any court, or any applicable regulatory, compliance, governmental or law enforcement agency;
If necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings;
If ownership of all or part of our business is transferred, in which case any purchaser would only be entitled to use that information in a way consistent with this Privacy Policy;
In line with our Terms & Conditions.
Back to top
How you can change permissions
Your privacy is of huge importance to us. Section 9 below sets out your information rights. To make enquiries, change your permissions or exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy and/or make a complaint please contact us (see section 13 below).
Back to top
Your information rights and responsibilities
Under data protection legislation, you have the following rights as an individual:
Right to be informed: the right to be given information about how your personal information is being processed and why;
Right of access: the right to obtain confirmation that your personal information is processed plus the right to obtain a copy of it;
Right to rectification: the right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to erasure: the right to request that we delete or remove your personal information from our systems;
Right to restrict processing: the right to 'block' us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it;
Right to data portability: the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information;
Right to object: the right to object to our use of your personal information for: direct marketing / the performance of a legal task / our legitimate interests / research purposes.
Rights related to automated decision making and profiling: i.e. making a decision solely by automated means without any human involvement and automated processing of personal data to evaluate certain things about an individual in order to predict their behaviour and take decisions regarding it.
We will use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to provide you with your rights in accordance with data protection legislation.
To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy and/or make a complaint please contact us (see Section 13 below).
If you're not satisfied with the way any complaint you make in relation to your personal information is handled by us then you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection regulator. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner's Office.
Back to top
Cookies
We use cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) and tracking technology to help to improve the functionality and performance of our website.
The information derived from our use of cookies will be aggregated to provide statistical information about the usage of our website. However, we do not use any information derived from cookies, nor any IP addresses we collect, to identify any individual user of our website.
Some third-party technology we may use (e.g. embedded videos, social sharing) may also use cookies to improve your experience on their sites.
For details about the cookies we use, information on how to stop them being stored or how to delete ones already stored, please read our Cookie Policy.
Back to top
Keeping your personal information secure
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us so we store and process your personal information in accordance with the high standards required under data protection legislation. From time to time and for operational reasons the personal information we collect from you may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Your information may also be processed by some of our service providers which operate outside the EEA. Different countries have different data protection and security laws and some of these do not offer the same level of protection as you enjoy under UK data protection legislation. However, when we appoint our service providers to help us provide products and services to you (which may include some based in the USA), we take care to ensure that they have appropriate security measures in place.
We do our best to keep the information you disclose to us secure. However, we can't guarantee its security. By using our website you accept the inherent risks of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
Back to top
How long do we keep your personal information
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only hold your personal information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or until you request it is deleted. If, having registered for any of our services, you do not use them for a reasonable time (which may vary depending on the service(s) you've registered for) we may contact you to ensure you're still happy to receive communications from us. Even if we delete your personal information it may persist on back-up or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Back to top
How to contact us
Our data protection representative is Gill Maybury.
If you have any queries relating to our use of your personal information or any other related data protection questions, please email us at info@gillmaybury.co.uk or write to us at 62 Raglan Road, Reigate, Surrey RH2 0HN
Back to top
Changes
This policy is effective from May 22 2018 and replaces with immediate effect the Privacy Policy previously published on this website. We may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation, best practice or enhancements. We will let you know what these changes are by posting them to this page. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email you with the new details and get your consent to make these changes where required by law. It is your responsibility as a user to make sure that you are aware of changes posted on this page, by checking for any changes on a regular basis. Changes posted on this page will become effective as soon as they are posted.
Effective as of: May 22 2018
Back to top
Back to Legal Information page
The Gill Maybury site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks
© 2020 Gill Maybury |
All rights reserved |
Legal:
Privacy Policy |
Cookie Policy |
Terms & Conditions |
Site Map |
Powered by Kendall Internet