http://www.vetmed.vt.edu/privacy.asp
Privacy Statement for www.vetmed.vt.edu
The Information We Collect
When you browse the Virginia Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine (VA-MD Vet Med) website, our server makes
a record of your visit and logs the user's IP address, date and time of the visit, pages accessed and documents
viewed, and type of browser used. This data is collected for the purposes of website and system administration
and website traffic analysis.
Cookies
The VA-MD Vet Med website uses Google Analytics to analyze traffic to the VA-MD Vet Med website. Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions on the VA-MD Vet Med website. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. These cookies can be disabled in your web browser's settings, and doing so will not negatively impact your browsing experience on the VA-MD Vet Med website. In order to disable these first-party cookies, you must disable ALL cookies. For more information about cookies set by Google Analytics, please visit Google's documentation page entitled Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites.
Some of the pages on the VA-MD Vet Med website display an embedded Twitter feed called a Twitter "widget". On these pages, Twitter will set a third-party cookie if your browser settings allow third-party cookies. This cookie conforms to Twitter's privacy policy on cookies. Disabling this cookie will cause the embedded Twitter widget not to recognize whether you are logged into Twitter or not. It will not otherwise affect your browsing session.
Email Security
The VA-MD Vet Med website offers opportunities to communicate with some VA-MD Vet Med departments and programs by email.
Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Requests for
information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request. We will not sell, exchange or
otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent, except to the extent required by law.
External Links
Some VA-MD Vet Med web pages contain links to other sites. Users are encouraged to review the privacy policy of each
linked site, as VA-MD Vet Med is not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures of other sites.
University Policy on Acceptable Use
VA-MD Vet Med complies with the Virginia Tech policy on Acceptable Use. This policy can be found on the Virginia Tech web
site at http://www.vt.edu/about/acceptable-use.html.
Contact the webmaster
If you have comments or questions about our website or privacy statement, please contact us at
vamdvetmed@vt.edu.
News
Make a Gift
Contact Us
Privacy
Acceptable Use
Equal Opportunity
Accessibility
Employment
© 2020 Virginia-Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine