http://www.vcuhealth.org/patients-and-visitors/web-privacy-statement
Covid-19 (Coronavirus): For information related to COVID-19, visit vcuhealth.org/covid-19. For information specific to children and families, visit Children's Hospital of Richmond at VCU.
ic_close
Created with Sketch.
How can we help you today?
General Information
1-800-762-6161
Icon 24px
Created with Sketch.
Request an Appointment Online
location
Created with Sketch.
Our Locations
Icon 24px Copy
Created with Sketch.
My VCUHealth Patient Portal
Shape
Created with Sketch.
Pay My Bill
Virtual Urgent Clinic
Shape
Created with Sketch.
Traffic Updates
Traffic updates at our MCV Campus
Group
Created with Sketch.
Need help
Search VCU Health
0 Results
Suggested Terms
No related terms
Related Search Results (0)
Providers (0)
Locations (0)
News (0)
View Results
Home
Patients & Visitors
Web Privacy Statement
Share
Print
Patients & Visitors
Schedule an Appointment
Online Appointment Request
Online Appointment Request Privacy Statement
Getting The Most from Your Visit
Traffic Updates
Parking and Directions
Advance Care Planning
Billing and Insurance
Government-Assisted Health Insurance Coverage
Medicaid Expansion Frequently Asked Questions
Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Frequently Asked Questions
VCU Medical Center
Quality and Improvement
Measuring and Evaluating Quality Care
Clinical Trials
Safety and Your Rights
Speak Up about Your Care
Patient Bill of Rights
Derechos y Responsabilidades del Paciente
Notice of Non-discrimination
Web Privacy Statement
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of the official Virginia Commonwealth University Health System webpages (defined as an Institutional Web Page in the VCU Web Publishing Guidelines) and is in accordance with the following statement.
It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia that personal information about citizens will be collected only to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired; that only appropriate information will be collected; that the citizen shall understand the reason the information is collected and be able to examine their personal record which is maintained by a public body.
In addition to the VCU Health System Web Privacy Statement, specific notices about the collection and use of any personal information associated with pages requesting such information will be available.
What Type of Information is Collected
When you visit the VCU Health System website we collect various types of information in order to provide you with improved services.
Non-personal, Website Usage Data
We collect non-personal website usage data for statistical reporting purposes in order to assess demands and usage to provide you with a better website. This usage data may include information such as:
Your IP (Internet Protocol) address
Date and time of access
Pages visited and time spent on those pages
Type of browser and version used
Referring web page, if any
Unique device identifiers
Other diagnostic data
Personal Data
Some VCU Health System websites require us to collect personal information in order to provide services that you have requested. If you choose to share personal information with us by sending an email message or by filling out an electronic form with personal information, we will use the information only for the purposes you authorized or in support of related programs of the health system. Should you not desire to provide this personal information, we will be unable to provide you some of the services we offer online.
Personal data may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First and last name
Phone number
Address, city, state and zip/postal code
Cookies: What Are Cookies and What Do We Do with Them?
Cookies are files with small amounts of data sent from a website and stored on your computer through your web browser. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information, and to improve and analyze our service. Cookies and similar tracking technologies are anonymous identifiers not associated with your personal identity. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on services, to prepare customized web pages and improve services.
The VCU Health System website uses cookies to identify users and remember information to track a visitor’s path throughout the site to better understand how each person uses our site and what information is most helpful.
How to stop or unsubscribe from receiving communication from us
If your email address is on record with us, we may periodically send you educational or informational communication about topics, services or events that we believe may interest you. Instructions for how to unsubscribe or stop receiving these messages are included in each communication that we send. However, we will still send you pertinent information related to your healthcare treatment based on your preferences in the My VCU Health patient portal.
Analytics
VCU Health System may use third party companies, such as Google Analytics, in order to perform analysis on how our services are used. Third parties have access to your data that is collected only to perform the necessary monitoring and analyses for our services.
You can opt-out of having your activity available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visit activity.
Sponsored content
VCU Health System may provide names, email addresses and/or phone numbers collected by the VCU Health System to digital services, including social media platforms, search engines and data aggregators for the purpose of reaching audiences via those platforms to promote the VCU Health System and its services. Specifically:
VCU Health System-managed social media pages have access to data collected by social media platforms. The data gathered does not normally contain any identifiable information and is mainly used for statistical insights into understanding the success of posts, campaigns and networks. You may receive ads based on the statistical data you supply to social media networks. You can opt out of this service by changing your privacy settings within each social media network. For information and links on opt-out options for ads delivered through social media networks, please see the following section on “Cookie, web beacon and other web privacy controls.”
Occasionally, some VCU Health System social media pages may use third party tools such as a data aggregator to pull publicly available data from these pages, such as profile names, comments and other social interaction information. This information may be cross-referenced with personal data that has been gathered with informed consent, such as mailing lists. VCU Health System social media pages that participate in this type of data aggregation will have information on how to opt out in the “About” section of their social media pages.
Cookie, web beacon and other web privacy controls
As an internet user, you have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. Please note that the blocking of cookies and web beacons may impact your experience with VCU Health web content.
To find out more about cookies, web beacons or similar technology used to deliver advertisements, and how to opt out of them, please review the following external resources maintained by other organizations:
youradchoices.com
optout.networkadvertising.org
Security
Virginia Commonwealth University hosts the VCU Health System web pages and provides the following security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, consistent with VCU policies and the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Information Disclosure
Any personal information that one chooses to supply will be maintained exclusively within VCU Health System and will not be supplied to any other non-VCU Health System entity or organization except as provided by law. Information you provide is only used to provide requested services and for internal statistics.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to external (non-VCU Health System) websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to its site. VCU Health System is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. We recommend you review the privacy policy of every site that you visit.
Google Maps API:  Maps on our website are hosted by Google Maps, a third-party.  By accessing Google Maps on our website, you are agreeing to Google’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have additional questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please email the VCU Health System Webmaster at web@vcuhealth.org.
If you wish to review or change information gathered about you via an official VCU Health System website, you may contact the VCU Health System webmaster who will assist you in locating the person responsible for the site, so that you may make your request for changes directly with them.