http://www.somatherapy.com/terms-of-useprivacy-policy
760-321-9214
HomeAbout UsOur InstructorsAbout UsTestimonialsBPPE Annual Report 2019-18BPPE Annual Report 2017-16ProgramsMassage Therapist ProgramNational Massage TherapistHolistic Health PractitionerPrecision NMT SeminarsFAQ - Frequent QuestionsStudent ClinicStudent Clinic Hours and PoliciesSchedule/Sign UpCalendar of ClassesNews & BlogVideo GalleryContact UsTranscripts
About UsTestimonialsMassage Therapist ProgramNational Massage TherapistFAQ- Frequent QuestionsCalendar of ClassesSchedule/Sign upAppointment BookingTranscripts
TERMS OF USE & PRIVACY POLICY
By using the Somatherapy website, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use this website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
PRIVACY POLICY
Somatherapy does not sell, trade, share, barter or release any personally identifying information, including email addresses except when ordered to do so by a Court of appropriate jurisdiction or at our discretion upon request by a law enforcement official. Somatherapy does not release any information without written permission.
TRADEMARKS
All registered trademarks, trademarks and/or service marks mentioned or implied on this website are copyrighted by their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER
The materials on this somatherapy site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that the functions contained in the materials on any somatherapysite will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any somatherapy site or the servers that make such materials available are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on any somatherapysite in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
We explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from any Somatherapy site. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from any Somatherapy site or third party content on our site. We do not endorse any of the merchandise, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party sites or content. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and third party content. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
INDEMNIFICATION
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for all activities that occur under your account. You hereby indemnify, defend and hold us and our officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of this Agreement or claims arising from your account. You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, any Somatherapy site or materials or functions on any such site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence, or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing any Somatherapy site.
Somatherapy Institute School of Massage
70225 California 111, Suite B & C, Rancho Mirage, CA 92270 | 760-321-9214
©2019  Somatherapy Institute School of Massage. All rights reserved. | Consumer Information |  Terms of Use/Privacy Policy