https://www.webspecials.com.au/terms-of-use-agreement/
Skip to content
Terms of Use Agreement
Please read this website requires consideration for and as a condition of allowing you access to this website and to all the tools, videos, articles and all other content you are will be accessing.
by viewing, visiting, using, transacting payments on behalf of, or interacting with this website as a reseller, intermediary, affiliate, customer, merchant service provider, publisher, advertiser or any interaction whatsoever you are agreeing to all the provisions of this terms of use policy and the privacy policy of this website including any changes to this agreement or additional policies incorporated by reference which website may make in its sole discretion in the future.
all persons under the age of 18 are denied access to this website.
if you are under 18 years of age, it is unlawful for you to visit, read, or interact with this website or its contents in any manner.
this website reserves the right to deny access to any person or viewer for any reason. under the terms of the privacy policy, which you accept as a condition for viewing,
the website is allowed to collect and store data and information for the purpose of exclusion and for many other uses.
the terms of use agreement may change from time to time. visitors have an affirmative duty, as part of the consideration for permission to view this website, to keep themselves informed of changes.
all the products and articles on this website are provided for entertainment purposes only. I have no medical, qualifications whatsoever.
.you must consult your licenced medical practitioner before using any of the materials, tools and videos made available on this site, or any of the products from sites that appear on this site.
by reading, downloading, using, and sharing any of the material available on this site you accept full responsibility for any adverse reaction you may experience.
you agree to hold us harmless and any other person or entity associated with this website from lawsuits or recovery action from your next of kin, your estate, or any other party associated to you arising from your visiting this website and your access to any material contained on this website. This includes damages incurred because of third party products listed or promoted on this website
Some of the audio and video material on this website may include brain entrainment tones. These tones may or may not be heard by you.  If you suffer from any medical condition (including epilepsy or seizures) or mental health-related conditions you must not download or use any of the videos and audios contained in this website without written permission from your medical doctor or mental health practitioner.
If you do not agree with the policies, earning disclaimers, privacy policies and other terms of service outlined on this website please leave this site immediately.
copyright © 2020
Credit This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.contractology.com.
Ownership of copyright  The copyright in this website and the material on this website includes without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on this website.
You view this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser; copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory; and print pages from this website for your own [personal and non-commercial] use.
We do not grant you any other rights in relation to this website or the material on this website.   In other words, all other rights are reserved.
For the avoidance of doubt, you must not adapt, edit, change, transform, disassemble, publish, republish, distribute, redistribute, broadcast, rebroadcast or show or play in public this website or the material on this website (in any form or media) without prior written permission by us.
Data mining
The automated and/or systematic collection of data from this website is prohibited.
Permissions
You may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by writing to webspecialsau@gmail.com.
Enforcement of copyright
We take the protection of copyright very seriously.
If we discover that you have used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above, wen may bring legal proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you using those materials.  You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.
Infringing material
If you become aware of any material on the website that you believe infringes your or any other person’s copyright, please report this by email to webspecialsau@gmail.com.
We updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the EU Cookie Legislation.
Please read the Privacy Policy to learn about which cookies we use and what information we collect on our site.  By continuing to use this site, you agree with our updated Privacy Policy.  I AGREE