http://www.mikeayresdesign.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - May 2018
Background:
Mike Ayres Design Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect
and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.mikeayresdesign.co.uk (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data
in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your
first use of our Site and you will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not accept
and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings: “Account”means an account required to access and use certain areas and features
of our Site; “Cookie”means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and when you
use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Part 14, below; and “Cookie Law”means the relevant parts
of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;]
2. Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Mike Ayres Design, a Limited Company registered in England under company number 3583876. Registered address and
main trading address: Unit 8, Shepherds Grove, Stanton, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk. IP31 2AR
VAT number: GB 637 7036 27
Data Protection Officer: Kate Whitmore
Email address: kate@mikeayresdesign.co.uk
Telephone number: 01359 251551.
Postal Address: Unit 8 Shepherds Grove, Stanton, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk IP31 2AR
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over
how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing
any data to them.
4. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable
person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information
such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data,
and other online identifiers.
5. What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
a)The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to
know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
b)The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
c)The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using
the details in Part 15 to find out more.
d)The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact
us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
e)The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
f)The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
g)Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details
provided in Part 15.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s
Office.
6. What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, we may collect some or all of the following personal [and non-personal] data (please also see Part 14 on our
use of Cookies and similar technologies and our Cookie Policy):
•Name;
•Date of birth;
•Gender;
•Address;
•Email address;
•Telephone number;
•Business name;
•Job title;
•Profession;
•Payment information;
•IP address
•Web browser type and version;
•Operating system;
•Referring site URL and your activity on Our Site.
7. How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a
contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use
it. Your personal data will be used for one of the following purposes:
•Providing and managing your Account;
•Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
•Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
•Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
•Supplying you with information by email and post that you have opted-in to, you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by emailing kate@mikeayresdesign.co.uk
or writing to Kate Whitmore, Mike Ayres Design, Unit 8 Shepherds Gove, Stanton, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk. IP31 2AR
•Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience.
With your permission and where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you
by email, telephone and with information, news, and offers on our products and services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam.
We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications
(EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
8. How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal
data will therefore be kept for the following periods
•In accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements;
•Until it is no longer required.
9. How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We may store or transfer some or all of your personal data in countries that are not part of the European Economic Area (the “EEA” consists of
all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). These are known as “third countries” and may not have data protection laws that
are as strong as those in the UK and the EEA. This means that we will take additional steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated
just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR.
Please contact us using the details below in Part 15 for further information about the particular data protection mechanism used by us when transferring
your personal data to a third country. The security of your personal data is essential to us and to protect your data, we take a number of
important measures, including the following:
•Only sharing data where we have written permission to do so
10. Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to one important exception. In some limited circumstances,
we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying
with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
11. How Can I Control My Personal Data?
11.1In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict
our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including
the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails and at the point
of providing your details and by managing your Account).
12. Can I Withhold Information?
You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our
Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data. You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information,
see Part 14 and our Cookie Policy
.
13. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such
personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15. There is not normally any
charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests)
a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within 28 days and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim
to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request
is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed
of our progress.
14. How Do You Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are
used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve our products and services.
We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all
times.
By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites,
services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on Our Site for social media services and Google analytics. All Cookies
used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a prompt requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your
consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny
consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
Our Site uses analytics services provided by Adobe Business Catalyst and Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect
and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how Our Site is used. This, in turn, enables us to improve Our Site
and the products and services offered through it.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies,
however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable to continually improve Our
Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also
enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies,
but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your
device.
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our
Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided
by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
15. How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following
details for the attention of Kate Whitmore:
Email address: kate@mikeayresdesign.co.uk
Telephone number: 01359 251 551.
Postal Address: Unit 8 Shepherds Grove, Stanton, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk IP31 2AR.
16. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a
way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use
of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
In this Section
Our HistoryTestimonialsRecent NewsFAQsTerms and ConditionsAssociates
Mike Ayres Design
Mike Ayres Design
Unit 8, Shepherds Grove
Stanton, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk
IP31 2AR
+44 (0) 1359 251 551
enquiries@mikeayresdesign.co.uk
Recent News
Tactile Murals
March 2020
We have been working with Lindon Bennett School during the past few months to create some wonderful Tactile Murals for the students, staff and visitors to explore.
High Rise (Northern Ireland)
September 2019
High Rise is the latest social enterprise company launched by Employers For Childcare in Northern Ireland.The High Rise centre includes:Clip ‘n Climb indoor climbing experience with 24 exhilarating climbing challengesSoft play with baby, toddler and junior areasSensory and quiet rooms (this is the bit that we did)Party roomsCafé serving meals and snacksChanging Places with accessible toilets
Navigate & Connect
HomeAboutExploreGalleryShopContact
FacebookRSSTwitter
Email Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter and occasional sales promotions, we'll never spam you and you can unsubscribe at any time!
Full Name
Email Address
Sign Up
0
Shopping cart is empty.