http://www.sutterhealth.org/privacy
Jump to content
Choose locationChoose Location
Sign in or Enroll
Enter a search term:
Enter City or ZipGeolocateMake this my locationOpen
I want to choose my medical group or hospital
Clear my location
Change LocationX
We've expanded your view
You are now viewing all services in the Sutter Health network. You can change your location above to narrow your view to a medical group, hospital, city or zip.
Close
SearchClose Search
Home
Privacy
Content
Your Privacy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Sutter Health is committed to respecting your right to privacy. By accessing our
sites or registering for a My Health Online account, you’re agreeing to the Terms and
Conditions and our applicable Privacy
Policy.
Your Information. Your Rights. Our Responsibilities.
Patient Privacy
Federal and state laws provide you, as a patient, many rights concerning your medical
information. You may review how Sutter protects your health information and what rights
you may have in our Notice
of Privacy Practices.
Notice of Privacy PracticesRequest Your Medical Record
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) established rights for consumers related
to the access, sharing and deletion of personal information that is collected by a
business. CCPA does not govern your protected health information.
Request Your DataCCPA FAQ
Our Privacy Policy
Review our privacy policy to learn how we use and collect your information.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
View the Sutter Health website terms and conditions.
Terms of Use
Cookie Preferences
View and manage your cookie preferences.
Cookie Preferences
Privacy FAQ
OpenWhat is California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)?
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a state privacy law which
protects your rights, as a California resident, to determine how your data is tracked
and used. As a consumer, you have the right to ask businesses to provide the personal
information collected on you, and to request the data be deleted, and to opt out of
the sale of your data, and the right to protection from discrimination for exercising
your rights under the CCPA.
OpenWhat rights do I have under the CCPA?
Consumers now have the following rights under the CCPA:
Right to Know and Access
Right to Delete
Right to Opt Out
Right to Non-Discrimination
This means you, the consumer, have the right to ask Sutter Health to provide information
we have collected on you, and to opt out of the sale of your data, to have Sutter
delete your data, and to protection from discrimination for exercising your rights
under the CCPA.
OpenWhat is personal information under the CCPA?
The CCPA defines personal information as information that identifies, describes,
or could reasonably be linked with a particular individual or a household.  Some
examples listed in the CCPA are your name, address, email address, IP (internet protocol)
address, or passport numbers.
OpenDoes Sutter Health sell my data?
Sutter Health does not sell your information for monetary payments.  Sutter
complies with HIPAA and with California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information
Act.  However, the definitions of ‘personal information’ and ‘sale’
under the CCPA are uniquely broad.  Because of the breadth of these definitions
under the CCPA, Sutter has provided opt out links.  If you wish to opt out of
third-party sharing, please visit our Privacy
Request Form - Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
OpenDoes the CCPA apply to my health information?
No. The CCPA does not apply to medical information governed by the Confidentiality
of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or protected health information collected by a covered
entity or business associate governed by the privacy, security and breach notification
rules of Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) or Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH). However, Sutter Health patients
have separate rights to their Protected Health Information (PHI) under these laws.
To learn more about Sutter Health patients’ separate rights under these laws,
please visit our Notice
of Privacy Practices.  To learn more about your rights under CCPA go to our
Privacy
Policy.
OpenCan I delete all of my information now?
You have the right to ask Sutter Health to delete personal information that Sutter
Health has collected about you. This does not include information collected as protected
health information, medical information and nine other categories set forth in Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.105(d).  Other information Sutter Health may have collected
about an individual may be subject to other laws and may not be deleted. Once Sutter
Health has received your verifiable Request to Delete, we will work to delete all
personal information that can be deleted subject to the foregoing exceptions.
OpenCan I delete my child’s information?
As stated in our Privacy Policy, Sutter does not knowingly collect or solicit any
information from anyone under the age of 13. The Sites and their content are not directed
at children under the age of 13, except as general medical educational information.
Sutter does not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Sutter
encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s
online and mobile activities and interests. However, parents generally have the authority
to submit a request on behalf of their child. Sutter Health will comply with each
valid, verifiable request to the extent possible.
OpenHow can I manage my cookie preferences?
Sutter Health uses cookies for a variety of reasons, including but not limited
to delivering the best possible user experience to our website visitors, and tracking
and sharing data on users’ website browsing of public information for purposes
of better targeting, tracking, and marketing efforts.  You have the ability to
opt in and opt out of the use of cookies. Please visit Cookie
Preferences to manage your preferences.
The Sutter Health Network of Care
Expertise to fit your needs
Primary Care
Check-ups, screenings and sick visits for adults and children.
Specialty Care
Expertise and advanced technologies in all areas of medicine.
Emergency Care
For serious accidents, injuries and conditions that require immediate medical care.
Urgent
Care
After-hours, weekend and holiday services.
Walk-In Care
Convenient walk-in care clinics for your non-urgent health needs.
About Sutter
About Our Network
Annual Report
Awards
Community Benefit
Contact Us
News
Giving
Find Care
Birth Centers
Care Centers
Emergency Rooms
Hospitals
Imaging
Labs
Surgery Centers
Urgent Care
Walk-In Care
View All >
Featured Services
Behavioral Health
Cancer Services
Family Medicine
Home Health and Hospice
Orthopedics
Pediatrics
Pregnancy
Primary Care
Women's Health
View All >
Patient Resources
Accepted Health Plans
Classes and Events
Estimate Costs
Flu Resources
Health and Wellness
Medical Records
Medicare
My Health Online
Pay a Bill
Symptom Checker
Our Team
For Employees
Physician Careers
Recruiting Events
Sutter Careers
Vendors
Volunteers
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to give you the best possible user experience.
By clicking on "Accept Cookies", closing this pop-up banner or by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Accept Cookies