http://www.glseminars.com/privacy-policy
Great Lakes Seminars' response to COVID-19 and ongoing updates – Click Here
Courses
Back
Search Courses
Host a Course
Get Certified
2020 & 2021 Course Schedule
View Course Info
Back
All Courses
Advanced Spine
Anatomy
Balance
Cervical-Thoracic
Comprehensive Foot and Ankle
Comprehensive Knee
Comprehensive Shoulder
Extremity Mobilization
Finding Dysfunction
Functional Strength
Headache
Hip (NEW)
Lumbar Complex
MFR Functional Integration
Myofascial Release
Overhead Athlete
Pelvic Health
Sacroiliac
Synthesis
Taping - Lower (NEW)
Taping - Upper (NEW)
Teaching Self Treatment
TMD Treatment
Vestibular Rehabilitation
Live Webinars
Leadership
About GLS
Back
Instructors
Our Course Structure
The GLS Experience
Resource Center
Back
Con Ed Approvals
Find a CIMT
Registration Form
FAQ
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Great Lakes Seminars' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.glseminars.com/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 12 November 2018.
sign up for news & Course Schedules
Subscribe to stay up-to-date on all things GLS
SIGN UP
Exclusive Content Right to Your Inbox
×
Become a GLS insider! Hear from our founder, Patrick Hoban, with industry leading insights, videos and content delivered to your inbox every other week!
No Thanks
×