http://www.heartlandhealing.com/privacypolicy.html
Our Privacy Policies
The trust and faith of our web site visitors is of utmost importance to us. We
do our very best to treat you with the privacy, fairness and respect you
deserve.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us. We are
strong believers in straight-forward and honest communication.
Please note: Links listed below lead to other web sites (GoDaddy, Google, The Guardian and others). We have every reason to believe that these are reputable companies that provide accurate information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON OUR VISITORS
Unless you specifically contact us by email or submitting an online form on our site, we do not track, collect or
share any data that personally identifies an individual (such as a
name, email address or billing information), or other data which can be
reasonably linked to such information.
If you initiate contact with us, we will respond to your questions or comments if requested or we feel is appropriate and you may receive future marketing or information from us. However, you have complete control over whether or not you wish to receive any correspondence from us. If you request that we do not contact you, we will make every effort to comply with your request.
We fully attempt to
comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the
collection of information from our visitors.
SITE HOSTING
Our site is hosted by GoDaddy to keep our site safe and running smoothly. We have never attempted to access any data collected by GoDaddy... nor do we have plans to retrieve or analyze any of this data in the future. You can learn more about the data GoDaddy gathers by reading GoDaddy's Privacy Policies.
ANALYTICS
At times, we may use Google analytics to better understand how our
visitors find our site and actions they may take with our content. Also, we may connect to YouTube (a Google property) and Google Web Fonts to improve the appearance and load time of our site.
You can learn more about the data collected and how you may be affected
by visiting Google's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
SOCIAL MEDIA
As of the last update of this Privacy Policy page on June 18, 2018, we are not sending data to Facebook, Twitter or any other social media pages. And we are not including any of their interactive features that would initiate their tracking. However, it is possible that social media or other services or businesses are tracking your activity due to
elements that were set in your browser on your visits to earlier web sites. This article at CNet.com discusses how to know who may be tracking your web activities.
CURIOUS TO KNOW WHAT COOKIES ARE BEING UTILIZED ON THIS SITE, BY EITHER US OR 3RD PARTIES?
A quick check of this link at CookieChecker.com will reveal what -- if any -- cookies are being used to track your activity on our site.
WANT TO LEARN MORE ABOUT ONLINE PRIVACY AND TRACKING METHODS?
This article at The Guardian does a good job of discussing online tracking tools and how to protect your privacy.
OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
Heartland Healing
Email: michael@heartlandhealing.com
Contact us for advertising opportunities