https://www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Welcome To
Acupuncture by Specialty
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@acupuncturebyspecialty.com.
At www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.acupuncturebyspecialty.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Search
Featured Video
PagesHome
Laser Hair Growth
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Recent Posts
Laser Hair Therapy A New Solution to Hair Thinning and Hair Loss
Laser Hair Growth – Does This Work?
How Effective Is Laser Hair Growth Treatment?
Featured Product
Useful LinksIs Stress Causing Hair Loss?
The Best Men’s Hair-Loss Treatments, According to Hair-Loss Doctors and Dermatologists
Seven ways … to avoid hair loss
Hair LossFormer Lehigh University student pleads guilty to poisoning Black roommate - KIRO SeattleCOVID-19 'long-haulers' explain long-lasting symptoms, call for medical support - FOX5 Las VegasCan Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Cause Acne? We Asked Two Dermatologists to Explain - Yahoo LifestyleChildren’s ‘werewolf syndrome’ continues after medicine mix-up - PennLiveGlobal Scalp Cool Devices for Chemotherapy Induced Hair Loss Market 2020 By Segment Forecasts 2026 | Dignitana, Paxman, Penguin Cold Caps, Chemotherapy Cold Caps, Medline Industries, … etc. - The Market FeedHair Loss Supplement Market Survey Industry Development, Market Overviews and Top Competitor (After Pandemic Analysis): Nutrafol(US), Komplete Balance(US), ArtNaturals(US) - Daily Research CorrespondentPhysical Symptoms of Stress: Hair Loss, Breakouts & More | The Science of Beauty Podcast | Allure - Allure3 easily available foods you should consume EVERYDAY for the best hair of your life - PINKVILLAHair loss treatment: Cayenne pepper and olive oil could increase hair growth - ExpressHair loss treatment: Green tea could prevent balding and support hair growth - Express
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Indrajeet by Sus Hill.