http://www.mda.org.au/policies/md-grievance-policy/md-grievance-policy-summary/
Skip to content
MDA Grievance Policy Summary
MDA Grievance Policy SummaryBoris M Struk2018-11-26T16:37:32+11:00
MDA Grievance Policy
As an organisation, MDA is people focused and as such adopts a culture of support for those who may not be satisfied with the way MDA conducts its business.  No one likes to be subjected to complaint. It must be appreciated that an organisation like MDA needs this input be it formal or informal which enables self analysis to improve the way we do business.
This policy document seeks to establish a process for review and resolution of perceived issues.
I invite your participation in the MDA Grievance Process and like all other aspects of MDA, your input assists MDA to better serve the community.
Click here to view the MD Grievance Policy Summary
Click here to view the complete MD’s Grievance Policy in PDF format. (subject to revision)
MDA Grievance Policy Summary
Muscular Dystrophy Association Inc (MDA) is committed to providing high quality services to our clients, their families and carers.  It is important that individuals accessing our services register any complaints to MDA so this feedback can be utilised to improve the services that we provide.
It is the policy of MDA to support an individuals right to be heard in relation to the service they are receiving or requiring.  MDA will support all individuals in making a formal complaint.  MDA will objectively view any formal complaint received, and will ensure that its policies and procedures protect the rights of the complainant.  MDA will continue to provide services where appropriate, throughout the resolution of a complaint.
Who can make a complaint?
Any individual can make a complaint, this includes the MDA client, their family and carers, staff working in other services or any other individual.
Lodging a Complaint
The complainant should contact the MDA Complaints Officer and outline their complaint either by telephone on (03) 9320 9555 or written correspondence addressed to MDA PO Box 2200 North Melbourne 3051.
If the complainant has issues with communication or English is not their first language the Complaints Officer will suggest they lodge a face to face verbal complaint with support of an appropriate person who can assist with their communication issues.
Upon receiving the complaint, the Complaints Officer will acknowledge the complaint in writing within 5 working days.
The person(s) against whom the complaint is made will be informed of the complaint by the Complaints Officer and shall have the opportunity to put forward their response to the complaint before resolution is attempted.
The Complaints Officer would then process the details and if required they may speak with the complainant and any other person who is involved to discuss the situation and document accordingly.
The Complaints Officer will encourage and assist the parties involved to resolve the complaint.
If the complainant is not satisfied with the outcome, or the Complaints Officer thinks that it is appropriate, the matter will be referred to the Executive Director for investigation and to facilitate the complaint process.
A complaint can be made to the Victorian DisabilityServices Commissioner (Ph. 1800 677 342) if the client believes MDA has not properly investigated or acted upon a complaint.
At the end of the process the complainant will be sent a letter documenting the outcome of their complaint and asking for feedback.
Feedback on MDA’s complaints process will be used for future planning in ensuring quality service.
Click here 51 Privacy & Grievance Policy to view the complete MD’s Grievance Policy in PDF format. (subject to revision)
Search for:
Donate Harley Raffle
Follow us!
Recent Posts
COVID-19 and its impact on people with neuromuscular conditions’ Survey Report
Carers Victoria donates lifesaving equipment to Muscular Dystrophy Australia
Will you give the gift of hope this Christmas?
Help shape the accessibility of Victorian bus stops for people with disability!
Funeral Service for Ryan Adam Struk
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events at this time.
Tweets by MDAust
MDA NewsletterThe Messenger Newsletter provides current information on the Programs and Services delivered by MDA and relevant external organisations.
To subscribe, please enter your full name and details below:-
First Name
Last name
Email
Subscribing I accept the privacy rules of this site
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok