https://www.greatnorthairambulance.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and conditions
PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. We maintain this web site as a service to our customers, and by using our site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following terms and conditions carefully, and check them periodically for changes. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, you should not review information or obtain goods, services or products from this site.
Acceptance of Agreement. You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms and Conditions of use Agreement (“Agreement”) with respect to our site (the “Site”). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content, products or services provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended by us at any time and from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
Copyright. The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks, registered trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the Site, except as allowed by Section 4, is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through the Site. The posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials.
Fraud: By contacting us, you confirm that the information provided in this form is true and that you agree to abide by the Terms and Conditions of use of this site.
Limited Right to Use. The viewing, printing or downloading of any content, graphic, form or document from the Site grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution).
Editing, Deleting and Modification. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the Site, including this Agreement, without further notice to users of the Site.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively, “Affiliated Parties”) harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney’s fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the Site.
Nontransferable. Your right to use the Site is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable and may only be used by you.
Disclaimer. The information from or through the site are provided “as-is,” “as available,” and all warranties, express or implied, are disclaimed (including but not limited to the disclaimer of any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose). The information and services may contain bugs, errors, problems or other limitations. We and our affiliated parties have no liability whatsoever for your use of any information or service. In particular, but not as a limitation, we and our affiliated parties are not liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages (including damages for loss of business, loss of profits, litigation, or the like), whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. The negation of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between us. This site and the information would not be provided without such limitations. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us through the site shall create any warranty, representation or guarantee not expressly stated in this agreement.
Limits. All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic file containing the form or document is disclaimed. We will not be liable to you for any incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind that may result from use of or inability to use our site. Our maximum liability to you under all circumstances will be equal to the purchase price you pay for any goods, services or information.
Use of Information. We reserve the right, and you authorize us, to the use and assignment of all information regarding Site uses by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy as it may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement.
Securities Laws. This Site may include statements concerning our operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance and demand for our products or services, as well as our intentions, plans and objectives, that are forward-looking statements. These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. When used on our Site, words like “anticipates,” “expects,” “believes,” “estimates,” “seeks,” “plans,” “intends” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements designed to fall within securities law safe harbors for forward-looking statements. The Site and the information contained herein does not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for sale of any securities. None of the information contained herein is intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into any of our securities-related filings or documents.
Links to Other Web Sites. The Site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions express in such Web sites, and such Web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked Web site on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked Web site by us. If you decide to leave our Site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
Submissions. All suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts and other information you may from time to time send to us (collectively, “Submissions”) shall be deemed and shall remain our sole property and shall not be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part. Without limiting the foregoing, we shall be deemed to own all known and hereafter existing rights of every kind and nature regarding the Submissions and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions.
Applicable Law. Terms and Conditions will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and both parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales in the event of any claim or dispute in connection with the Terms and Conditions. Nothing in the Terms and Conditions will be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between either party. Any failure or delay by Great North Air Ambulance Service in exercising its rights under any provisions of the Terms and Conditions will not be construed as a waiver of those rights. The Terms and Conditions do not create or confer any rights on third parties under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (as may be amended or replaced). The Terms and Conditions are personal to the user of this site and will not be assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part by the user. If any part of the Terms and Conditions is proven to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions will remain in force. The Terms and Conditions, including any Additional Terms, supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties concerning its subject matter and constitutes the entire agreement between the parties.
Training Tips.
Notes to Participants
Disclaimer
The training tips and information set out in this booklet are provided for guidance only (the Activity). By participating in any challenge event or related activity, you acknowledge that:
any participation by you in the Activity is solely and entirely at your own risk and (to the extent permitted by law) The Great North Air Ambulance Service (GNAAS), its officers and employees shall not be liable for any accident, harm, injury, loss or damage to property, however so caused, arising out of or in connection with or, suffered during or as a result of, your participation in the Activity, provided always that nothing shall exclude liability for death or personal injury caused directly by the negligence of GNAAS;
you should only undertake the Activity to a level which reflects your level of fitness and competence;
you are responsible for monitoring your own physical condition prior to and during participation in the Activity;
you understand the importance, for safety reasons, of obeying any rules, guidelines and/or instructions relating to the Activity as may be issued from time to time by the organiser’s officials, stewards, nominated representatives and other authorised personnel and you will hereby agree to abide by the same and to behave responsibly at all times during the Activity and be mindful of the impact of your actions on others; and
your participation in the Activity should be for recreational and/or charity fundraising purposes only and you should not participate in the Activity for any commercial or business purpose. GNAAS, its officers and employees will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or other loss of business opportunity.
Media
There may be media interest around the Activity. By participating in the Activity, you consent to GNAAS at no cost:
interviewing and/or photographing and/or filming you during the Activity (and before and after the Activity as GNAAS may reasonably require); and
using your name, image, signature, voice, video and film portrayals and other means of your identification, and any biographical or other information or data related to you (including your business and job title) for its sole benefit in connection with your participation in the Activity.
When participating in the Activity, you must not publish or post on any website or other media (including your or GNAAS’ fundraising webpage) any text, statement, photograph, image or other material which relates to the Activity which is obscene, blasphemous, defamatory, infringes the intellectual property or other legal rights of any third party or is otherwise unlawful, offensive, derogatory or inappropriate.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.Privacy PolicyCookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Translate »