http://www.equinegastriculcers.co.uk/cookie-policy.html
Could your horse have gastric ulcers?
Home
Recognising Gastric Ulcers
Managing Gastric Ulcers
Contact us
Cookie Policy
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
A cookie is a small piece of data containing a unique reference which is written to any web-enabled user device (e.g. a computer). Cookies are not viruses - they are plain text items and are not compiled code. For more information on cookies go to www.allaboutcookies.org. Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited only uses cookies to provide and enhance our services to users.
Any computer, laptop, PDA, mobile, smart phone, tablet and/or other device running a web browser capable of connecting you to the website may be a web-enabled device.
How does Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited use cookies?
Boehringer only uses cookies to provide websites to you, and where we have received explicit permission from the user, unless the cookies are essential to the functioning or security of the website.
We do not allow the transfer of cookies to third parties nor do we allow third parties to access or read information in our cookies (unless they are a service provider for us in relation to the hosting and managing of the website).
Our policy is to be open and honest with you about our use of cookies. Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited will never use cookies to serve ads or to store information about your website browsing history.
What types of cookies do we use?
Essential Cookies are necessary for the website to function properly. Such Cookies make a website usable by providing basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure areas of the website or language settings. Due to their importance for the website's functioning, you cannot opt-out from this kind of Cookies. We base the related processing of personal data on Art. 6 (1) b GDPR, the contractual provision of our services.
Essential Cookies we use to provide this website include Cookies, which
detect whether a user uses Java Script
allow a visitor to receive site content from one out of multiple servers as the user browses the site
determine whether a user has accepted which category in the Cookie banner
maintain the status of the user for all page requests
The lifetime of essential Cookies we use extends from the respective session up to one year.
Cookies for Website Optimisation
Based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) we use Cookies to make our websites work more efficiently, as well as to recognize your device on subsequent visits to get information and statistics on your usage. You may withdraw your consent at any time without detriment and with future effect. To do so, please amend your settings using our Cookie Banner.
Google Analytics
We use performance cookies, primarily Google Analytics cookies, to carry out statistical analysis about how users use our website. We collect information such as (but not limited to) part of the webpage clicked, number of webpages visited, length of time of each session, content consumed, and error message - if any - with a view to improving our website and providing users with a better experience. For more information on how Google uses the data collected via this service, click here.
Adobe Analytics (Omniture)
If and as long as you consent, we use Cookies from Adobe Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (“Adobe”). Adobe Analytics uses Cookies on behalf of Boehringer Ingelheim to analyse all traffic and usage patterns. The Cookies' lifetime extends from the respective session up to three years. The IP address collected by the Cookies is made anonymous before it is geolocated. In addition, it is replaced by a generic IP address. Adobe will not associate your IP address with other information held by Adobe. You can prevent Adobe from collecting and using information (Cookies and IP address) by using your options at http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
The Cookies related to this service allow us for example to:
Create a unique ID for users and enabling us to track visitors across our different domains,
Determine, if Cookies are enabled,
Captures statistics about the user's visits to the website,
Identify the time (in days) between two visits by the same visitor,
Learn about the number of visits by a single user.
Security
To ensure our cookies can only be used by Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited we either encrypt the entire cookie or the values inside of it. Only Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited is able to decrypt the cookie and read the data which is stored in it. We never store your personal data inside our cookies.
Third Parties
Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited may embed video or other content into the website, and when you visit a web page with embedded content you may be presented with cookies from that content. Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Limited does not control these cookies and we recommend that you check the third party's own website for information about them.
Video embedded into the website will not play automatically. By clicking on the play button for any embedded video you consent to a flash cookie (if applicable) being stored on your device.
An educational service from the makers of GastroGard. Further information available in the SPC or
from Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Ltd, RG12 8YS, UK. GastroGard is a registered trademark
of the Boehringer Ingelheim Group. ©2018 Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health UK Ltd.All rights
reserved. Date of preparation: Dec 2018. AHD10899. Use Medicines Responsibly.
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyAccessibility Statement
Cookie Policy