http://www.liposite.com/service/privacy.aspx
Liposuction, Tummy Tuck (Abdominoplasty)& Body Contouring Information Resources
Home
About Us
Contact Us
RSS Feeds
About Breast Augmentation
Breast Augmentation and Enlargement
The Procedure
Consultation
Placement
Cost
Incisions
Recovery
All About Breast Implants
Breast Implant Fill (Silicone and Saline)
Choosing Breast Implant Size
Breast Implant Shapes
Breast Implant Surfaces (Textured/Smooth)
Breast Implant Profiles (Projection)
Breast Augmentation Cost
Am I a Candidate for Breast Augmentation?
Find Your Breast Implant Size
Silicone Gel Breast Implants
Silicone Breast Implants v. Saline Breast Implants
Silicone Gel Breast Implants Explained Simply
Silicone Gel Breast Implants Detailed Information
Long Term Care of Silicone Breast Implants
Breast Implant Placement (Overs and Unders)
Subglandular Breast Implants
Partial Submuscular Breast Implants
Complete Submuscular Breast Implants
Subfacial Breast Implants
Advantages & Disadvantages
Breast Augmentation Incisions
Inframammary
Periareolar
Transaxillary
TUBA
Breast Lift Surgery
Breast Augmentation Revision
Breast Reconstruction
Breast Reduction
Complementary Plastic Surgery Procedures
Find a Plastic Surgeon
United States
Canada
Australia
Recommend Your Surgeon
Message Boards
Breast Augmentation Discussion
Other Plastic Surgery Discussions
Before & After Photos
Plastic Surgeon Breast Augmentation Photos
Visitor Breast Augmentation Photos
Other Plastic Surgery Photos
Contribute Your Photos and/or Story
News & Offers
Important Resources
Find a Plastic Surgeon
Financing Breast Augmentation
FAQ's - Breast Implants & Augmentation
Choosing Your Plastic Surgeon
Online Poll Center
Information on the Internet
Recommended Reading
Useful Products
Cristine Meredith Miele Foundation
Personal Stories
Visitor Stories
Nicole's Story
Contribute Your Story and/or Photos
What Men Think
Privacy Policy
home
Privacy Policy
Advice Media LLC ("Advice Media") respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy online.
What Information We Gather and Track
1. We request personal information when you place an order, register for a product or service, download information, request a service, answer a survey, enter a contest, correspond with us or engage in certain other activities on our Web site.
For example:
a. If you submit an order on-line with us, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction - such as your name, address, and credit card number.
b. If you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction - such as your name address and information about your computer hardware, software and the nature of the problem you are experiencing.
c. You make the decision whether to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you may not be able to complete the transaction.
2. The only other information we automatically collect is information related to the use of our web site. This information is anonymous and is gathered through our servers' log files and we do not use this information to identify you personally except in the case of abuse tracking. This information allows us to create better content aimed at our viewer’s preferences.  These log files record generic information, such as:
a. General information when you log in:  Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" or "yourschool.edu"); Internet Protocol (IP) address; operating system; the browser used to access our Web site; files downloaded; the date and time you access our site; and the pages that you visited.
b. Referral and statistical information where we have links or ad banners.  Such data may include aggregate data such as the number of click-throughs that occurred. It may also include specific data, such as whether you are a repeat visitor; whether you viewed or clicked on an ad banner and used our site, and the identity of the site which you linked to or from. We do not use such data to identify you personally.
Information Collection and Use
Advice Media is the sole owner of the information collected on its sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Advice Media may collect information from our users at several different points on our website.
Disclosure of Information
Advice Media may disclose your personal information to affiliates or unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (b) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Advice Media or others; (c) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site; (d) to provide you with the services or products requested by you and to perform other activities related to such services and products; (e) to provide you with information, special offers, or promotions from Advice Media to which you consented; (f) to operate Advice Media's systems properly; or (f) to help improve the quality of our service and offerings to you.
Cookies
Advice Media or a designated service provider may use "cookies" or similar electronic tools to collect information, such as the IP address of your computer, to enhance your experience with this Web site.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer and which collects information about your use of this Web site, such as the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the Web sites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site, etc.
Any information collected by the cookies used by Advice Media will be collected anonymously and will not be used by Advice Media to subsequently identify you or to prepare the collection, processing, or use of personal information about you without your prior consent.
Advice Media makes reasonable efforts to limit its designated service providers' use of cookies or similar electronic tools in the same manner as set forth in this paragraph.
Advice Media or a designated service provider may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer in order to display advertisements that you see on this Web site and other websites operated by Advice Media.
Information about your visits to, and activity on, this site or related Advice Media sites, an IP address, as well as the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, is used to display on your computer screen customized advertisements that may be of particular interest to you.
Advice Media also uses cookies to enable personalization - specifically to allow our discussion areas to calculate which messages are "new" to a user, pre-populate the user's information to make posting more efficient, etc.
Those message board cookies are not shared with anyone and the site does not use them except as a user convenience and, in certain cases, to help track abuse of the discussion areas.
We take reasonable precautions to protect logged cookie data by keeping it in directories not accessible to the public.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and to track abuse of any area of the site.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information except in the case of abuse tracking.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
Advice Media may provide links to third-party Web sites.
Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any personal information you may provide while on such sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those Web sites before providing any of your personal information on such sites.
Surveys and Contests
Our sites may now or in the future request information from users via surveys and/or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our sites and/or for educational purposes.
Changing your Information
We make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to update or correct the personal information you may have provided us. If you believe that we do not have your current personal information or wish to delete or correct such information, please contact us by filling out the form located here.
We reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests.
Access by Third Parties
Other than described above under the caption “Disclosure of Information,” we do not provide access to information about you that we obtained from your use of this web site to third parties.  Please note that your use of any Advice Media commercial service will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to such service, which terms may be different than those stated in this privacy policy. You are urged to read such privacy policies when you register and use any other Advice Media service.
Privacy
Since user participation in public areas of the site is visible to others, please use discretion when posting any information you wish to keep confidential.
Please note that we discourage the dissemination of personal information in our discussion forums, but make no effort to control it.
Use of the discussion forums is open to the public and we expressly deny responsibility for any postings there, even of confidential or personal information.
E-mail
Use of your email address on the discussion forums is voluntary.
However, please note that we do not collect email for any use and have no control over any email that takes place between or among site participants whether in the form of singular email or email lists or chains.
Notification of Changes
Advice Media reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page.
Such changes will be effective upon posting.
Contact Us
Advice Media LLC knows that your privacy is very important to you. We welcome questions and comments regarding this policy, so feel free to mail us at:
Advice Media LLC
PO Box 222
Little Silver, NJ
07739
You can also contact us by using the contact form on this site.
We will investigate and respond to your inquiry. Your inquiry will be treated confidentially, and will not be shared with external parties.  Because technologies on the Internet change so quickly, Advice Media reserves the right to modify its Privacy Statement from time to time.
Copyright Policy
All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only.
Republication or redistribution of Advice Media content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Advice Media.
|
More
LipoSite
Featured Practices
Sonya J. Merriman, M.D.
Valdosta, Georgia (GA) Liposuction, Abdominoplasty & Tummy Tuck by Sonya J. Merriman, M.D. Dr. Sonya Merriman Board Certified Plastic Surgeon
Larry A. Sargent, MD
Bountiful, Utah (UT), Salt Lake City, Utah (UT) Liposuction, Abdominoplasty & Tummy Tuck by Larry A. Sargent, MD Dr. Larry Sargent Board Certified Plastic Surgeon
Michael E. Ciaravino, M.D.
Houston, Texas (TX) Liposuction, Abdominoplasty & Tummy Tuck by Michael E. Ciaravino, M.D. Dr. Michael E. Ciaravino Board Certified Plastic Surgeon
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us
©1998-2012 Advice Media