http://www.stlcop.edu/policies/student-consumer-information.html
Learn more about our ongoing COVID-19 response.
Policies
Student Consumer Information
Student Consumer Information
Website Privacy Policy
Student Outcomes
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Institutional Policy Library
Academic Catalog
Student Code and Handbook
Financial Aid Policies
Clery Act Reporting
Faculty and Staff Policies
Additional Policies
Explore Our Neighborhood
Located at the heart of one of the country's most prestigious biomedical complexes and just steps away from boutiques, restaurants, coffee shops, and Forest Park, see what makes our campus the perfect place to live and learn.
MORE
Student Consumer Information
The following resources are referenced below:
Academic Catalog
Clery Act Reporting
Equity in Athletics Disclosure Report
Student Code
Student Handbook
U.S. Department of Education Equity in Athletics Data Analysis
Athletic Program Information
Athletic Participation and Financial Support
Equity in Athletics Disclosure Report
For more information, contact:
Jill Harter, Director of Athletics, Fitness, and Recreationjill.harter@uhsp.edu 314.446.8346
Campus Contacts
The following offices may be contacted to assist enrolled or prospective students with:
Financial Assistance Information: Financial Aid Office, 314.367.8700, extension 4001
Institutional Information: Dean's Office, 314.446.8339
Completion or Graduation Dates: Registrar's Office, 314.446.8328
Security Policies and Crime Statistics: Public Safety and Security Services, 314.446.8375
Informal Complaints and Academic Concerns: Dean's Office, 314.446.8339
Campus Safety
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
Emergency Response and Evacuation Procedures
Missing Person Policy (Annual Security and Fire Safety Report, p. 28)
Sex Offender Registration and Community Notification (Annual Security and Fire Safety Report, pp. 17-29)
Sexual Harassment Policies (Annual Security and Fire Safety Report, pp. 17-29)
Copyright Infringement
General Information (Student Handbook, pp. 15-16)
Copyright - Acceptable Use Policy
Copyright and Fair Use Policy
Copyright Infringement & Remediation Policy
Copyright Student Responsibility Agreement
Disabilities Resources
Drugs and Alcohol Policy
Abuse Prevention
Employment Policies
Non-Discrimination, Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action
Title IX, Harassment, Sexual Misconduct, Relationship Violence and Stalking
Policy on Diversity and Inclusion
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
General FERPA Information (Academic Catalog, pp. 34-36)
Financial Aid
Contact Information for the Financial Aid Office
Types of Financial Aid Available:
University and External Scholarships
Grants
Loans
Financial Aid Application and Awarding Processes
Financial Aid Verification
Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Policy
Student Loan Counseling
Entrance Counseling
Exit Counseling
Student Rights and Responsibilities
Financial Aid Awarding
Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
Federal Student Loan Exit Counseling
Student Loan Terms and Conditions
Federal Student Loan Counseling and Sample Repayment
Student Loan Forgiveness Opportunities
Withdrawal, Refunds and Returns of Federal Aid
Net Price Calculator
Graduation Rates
College Navigator Graduation Rates
UHSP Graduation Rates
Health Disclosures - Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA)
Health Information Privacy
General Information (Student Handbook, pp. 6-7)
Health Insurance
Student Health Record form
Emergency Contact form
Vaccination Policy
Institutional Information
Academic Programs
Bachelor's Degree Programs
Doctor of Pharmacy
Graduate Programs
Labs and Facilities
Accreditation
Admissions Information
Application Steps, Dates and Deadlines
Admission FAQs
Cost
Facilities
Map and Directions
Our Campus
Tobacco- and Smoke-Free Campus Policy
Faculty
Pharmacy Practice
Basic and Pharmaceutical Sciences
Liberal Arts and Administrative Sciences
STLCOP 20/20
Student Services/Campus Life
Technical Standards (Academic Catalog, pp. 48-50)
Textbook Information
Transfer Credit (Academic Catalog, pp. 13-14)
Placement Information
Refund Policy
Retention Rates
Student Body Diversity
Student Rights and Responsibilities (Student Code, pp. 6-7)
Misrepresentation
Misrepresentation Policy
Withdrawal Policy
Academic Catalog
Voter Registration
In The News
View More
The Path to Medical School
Junior Tasnim Keddo shares how her education and supportive network at University of Health Sciences and Pharmacy in St. Louis is providing her with a foundation for entrance into medical school.
View More
A Student’s Experience with COVID-19
When P4 student Matea Markovic was diagnosed with COVID-19 during her Module 2 rotation, she worked closely with Nicole Gattas, Pharm.D., FAPhA, BCPS, director of experiential education and professor of pharmacy practice and her preceptor, Brooke Stanton, Pharm.D. ’15, to stay on track with her studies while in quarantine.
View More
Tips for Prioritizing Self-Care
As winter approaches amid the COVID-19 pandemic, many are feeling the effects of pandemic fatigue. To help combat these feelings, the Counseling Center offers tips for reducing stress and embracing self-care.
Ready to Get Started
We're here to help you take the next step. We can't wait to welcome you to UHSP.