http://www.acet-international.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
acet UK understands and respects the importance of your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your personal information. The following statement outlines how and why we use your personal information. We process personal data only in strict compliance with data protection legislation.
This statement should be read in conjunction with our Cookies Policy, which provides details of how we use cookies and similar technologies to enable you to browse our website effectively.
About us
acet UK is registered as a charity with the Charity Commission for England and Wales (Charity Number 299293) and as a company with Companies House (Company No. 2234302).
What information do we collect?
If you make a donation to us; purchase services or resources from us; do business with us; attend one of our events; fill out a form on the acet UK website; or communicate with us in person, by email, phone or post, this will result in us collecting personal data about you (for example, your name, address, email, and / or telephone number).
When you fill in a form on our website to ask for more information about our, and our partners’, charity work, our services or our products, we will only use this information to respond to your request and provide you with what you have asked for, and for administration purposes.
When you purchase or download a resource from our website or enquire about our training or education services, we may use the contact information you provide to tell you about related products or services that may be of interest to you.
We do not normally collect sensitive personal data. In the rare event you provide us with any sensitive personal data, we will take extra care to ensure your rights are protected.
We sometimes collect additional information about actual or prospective service users from third party sources. Most of the time this won’t be personal data (for example, we might obtain information about the nature of a company’s business), though on occasion we may collect personal data (such as a person’s work email or telephone number, or details of their role within a company). We may also receive information about you from other people, for instance if a friend or colleague refers you to us, or registers you for an event.
We will also gather general information regarding the use of our website, such as which pages are visited most frequently. These statistics are anonymous and are used in a way that does not identify individual visitors. This information helps us improve the services and information we offer on our website. We may use service providers to help us collect and analyse this information. See our Cookies Policy for more details.
What will we do with your information?
We only ever use your personal data with your consent, or to the extent necessary to:
enter into, or perform, a contract with you;
comply with a legal duty;
remember your preferences e.g. if you ask not to receive material by email, we will keep a record of this, or
rely on our legitimate interests, provided your rights don’t override these, to provide you with information about relevant events, resources and services, by post or email.
You can withdraw your consent for us using your personal data at any time by contacting us at info@acet-uk.com, or by post at acet UK, Abbey House, Abbey Green, Chester, CH1 2JH, England.
We will only use your information for the purpose it was collected (or for similar/related purposes). When you ask us to contact you, it will be very clear what you are giving consent for e.g. clear opt in tick boxes on a webform.
Please note that we do not disclose your personal information to third parties to enable them to send you direct marketing. However, we may have to disclose some of your information to third parties to process your request, donation or purchase, for instance in processing a credit card donation (see Third Parties below).
Security
We employ a variety of technical and organizational measures to keep personal data safe and to prevent unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The information that we hold is stored on a secure server. We also use third parties who use encryption and a secure server when you make a donation or purchase via our website.
We also take appropriate measures to ensure that the information we receive is accurate and up to date, and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used. All access to our secure server is restricted only to authorised staff.
International transfers
We only store data within the European Economic Area (EEA). If a third party we use (such as a payment processor) needs to transfer data outside of the EEA then we will take steps to make sure adequate levels of privacy protection, in line with UK data protection law, are in place. These safeguards will usually be contractual and/or the result of a European Union decision which allows the transfer (such as a US organization that is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework).
Data Retention
We remove donors’, supporters’ and service users’ email contact details from our database two years after transactions and/or correspondence have ceased, if consent has not been renewed.
We will also remove donors’, supporters’ and service users’ from postal mailing lists five years after transactions and/or correspondence have ceased, if consent has not been renewed.
We will only keep the contact details of potential service users (those who have not yet used our services or purchased our resources) on our database for two years.
We will continue to store transaction records and correspondence for donations and payments from donors, supporters and service users, and payments to suppliers for 7 years for accounting, Gift Aid and administrative purposes, to comply with the requirements of the Companies Act, Charities Act and HMRC.
We will keep Esteem network member licensing agreements for six years after the termination of membership to comply with the Limitation Act 1980.
Your rights
We want to ensure you remain in control of your personal data. Part of this is making sure you understand your legal rights, which (for individuals) are as follows:
the right to confirmation as to whether or not we have your personal data and, if we do, to obtain a copy of it (this is known as a subject access request).
the right to have inaccurate data rectified;
the right to object to your data being used for marketing or profiling on legitimate interests grounds;
the right to ask us to erase your personal information from our files and systems where there is no good reason for us continuing to hold it;
the right to ask us to restrict or suspend the use of your personal information, for example, if you want us to establish its accuracy or our reasons for using it
the right to ask us to transfer your personal information to another person or organisation
Please contact us at info@acet-uk.com, or by post at acet UK, Abbey House, Abbey Green, Chester, CH1 2JH, England, for more details or to make a request.
If after dealing directly with acet UK, you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you should contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, which oversees data protection compliance in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk.
Updating your communication preferences or consent
If you have asked us to keep in touch with you by email, we will ask you to renew your consent every 2 years. You will also be given a fast and easy option of unsubscribing on all email communications.
If you have asked us to keep in touch with you by post, we will ask you to renew your consent every 5 years.
You can withdraw your consent for receiving further information from us at any time.  You can also ask us to update your communication preferences, for instance, if you no longer want to receive emails from us but wish to still receive newsletters by post.
To unsubscribe or update your preferences, you can email us at info@acet-uk.com or write to us at acet UK, Abbey House, Abbey Green, Chester, CH1 2JH, England.
Third parties
We use Paypal, CAF, Stewardship and the Big Give to process donations made to our work (Paypal only for processing payments for services and purchases). We are registered with Give.Net for supporters to fundraise through. The web host for our database is Circle Interactive. We sometimes use Mailchimp for sending emails. We share information with HMRC for the purposes of processing Gift Aid claims. We use Barclays for our banking, Google Mail is our email client and Mozy to back up our accounting records. Click each company name to access their privacy policies.
When using our website (www.acet-uk.com), we use cookies to collect various computer identification data, which includes general information about your computer settings and your connection to the Internet – e.g. your operating system and platform, IP address, browsing patterns and timings of browsing on the acet UK website and your location. The information collected by cookies when you use our website does not include any personal information about you. See our cookies policy for details of the cookies we use, and also how to restrict or block these if you wish.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites in the ACET family. We do not control these other sites and we cannot be responsible for the content of those sites or for the protection of any information you provide to other sites (which are not governed by this privacy policy). We accept no responsibility or liability for such other websites. You should exercise caution when entering personal information online and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Questions
Any questions about your personal data or this policy should be directed to the following address: acet UK, Abbey House, Abbey Green, Chester, CH1 2JH, England. Alternatively, you can email us at info@acet-uk.com.
Changes to this statement
acet UK reserves the right to amend this privacy statement. The most up to date version will be always be available on our website at www.acet-uk.com.