http://www.longs.com/help/privacy_policy.jsp
Â Sign up for BasicÂ
Â Sign up for Basic + PharmacyÂ
Sign In or Create an Account
In order to manage your prescriptions and ExtraCare rewards online, you need to sign in or create a CVS.com account.
Sign In
Email Address
Password
Forgot Password?
Remember me on this computer.
(Not recommended if on a shared computer.)
Sign In
Create an Account
Turn CVS.com into myCVS. Create an account to:
Manage your family's prescriptions
Refill prescriptions quickly and easily
Access your valuable ExtraCare Savings & Rewards
Â
Create Account
show timeout overlay link
Your Session Is About to Expire
This online session is about to expire due to inactivity.
Click Continue to return to page.
Continue
Your Session Has Expired
This online session has expired due to inactivity.
Click Continue to start a new session.
Continue
Skip Navigation Links
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Store Locator
Shopping Basket
0
Sign In
Create an Account
Pharmacy
MinuteClinicÂ®
Shop
ExtraCareÂ®
Photo
Store Locator
Weekly Ad
Easy Reorder
Home
Longs
Longs
Longs Drugs is now a part of CVS Pharmacy
Welcome, Longs customers.
As you may be aware, Longs Drugs is now owned and operated by CVS Pharmacy. CVS Pharmacy has been doing business for nearly 50 years and our commitment to the highest quality pharmacy service has resulted in millions of loyal customers. We look forward to being your pharmacy, too.
We will continue to:
Provide the same great services
Retain the staff you know and trust
Accept all major health plans
Keep your prescription records on file
Honor competitor Rx coupons
Enjoy our online pharmacy services
Take advantage of all CVS Pharmacy has to offer.
With more than 7,200 CVS Pharmacy locations from coast to coast, we have the prescription medications, health care products, beauty products and other remedies you need. Our highly trained pharmacists are available to dispense prescriptions, as well as helpful advice. Many of our stores are open 24 hours or extended hours and have drive-thru windows. Many also have MinuteClinic walk-in medical clinics.
Learn more about the Longs Drugs transition to CVS Pharmacy
Learn more about the CVS Caremark company
Learn more about MinuteClinic
CVS Pharmacy also has a customer loyalty program called ExtraCare that provides you with extra everyday savings and 2% or more back on all your qualifying purchases.
Learn more about the ExtraCare program
Sign up for your ExtraCare card
When you shop CVS.com, you can choose from over 11,000 nonprescription items for home delivery, including thousands of online exclusives not available in our stores. Shop online anytime for all your health, beauty, photo and household needs from the privacy and convenience of your home or office.
Create an online account
Shop CVS.com
Visit the CVS Photo Center
Longs Photo Center customers
You can now order prints, cards, calendars and all of your favorite photo products online!
Place an order now
Email Newsletter Signup
Sign up for our email newsletter
Go
Follow us on:
FacebookTwitterYoutube Phone
Terms of Use|Accessibility|Privacy Policy|Â© Copyright 1999 - 2020 CVS.com
1-800-679-9691 | Contact Us |
Close