https://www.clearviewhorizon.com/privacy-policy/
– boarding schools and affordable therapeutic schools.
Inquire Now(406)847-5850FacebookYoutubeTwitter
Home About
About Clearview Our Goals Risk Assessment Test Candidates Faith Life
Program
Program Overview Workshops Academic Equine Therapy Athletic Emotional Mentoring
Staff Facility Testimonials
Parent Testimonials Student Testimonials
Photos Contact
Inquire Now Application Forms
News Resources
Tell Me More Responsible Listening Guiding Principles Framework of Family Values Awareness
Inquire Now(406)847-5850FacebookYoutubeTwitter
Home About
About Clearview Our Goals Risk Assessment Test Candidates Faith Life
Program
Program Overview Workshops Academic Equine Therapy Athletic Emotional Mentoring
Staff Facility Testimonials
Parent Testimonials Student Testimonials
Photos Contact
Inquire Now Application Forms
News Resources
Tell Me More Responsible Listening Guiding Principles Framework of Family Values Awareness
Tap To Call(406)847-5850
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY Thank you for visiting our website and reviewing our Privacy Policy. Our policy is clear:
We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) about you unless you choose to provide that information to us via filling in an on-site form.
Non-PII information related to your visit to our website may be automatically collected and temporarily stored.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically When you browse through our website, we gather and temporarily store technical information about your visit. This information does not identify who you are. The information we collect includes:
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet;
The date and time of your visit;
The pages you visited; and
The address of the website you came from when you came to visit.
We use this information to improve our website and provide a better user experience for our visitors. We use a tool, Google Analytics, to collect and aggregate this information. This information is available only to web managers and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. It is retained only for as long as needed for proper analysis. There is no PII included in this data. Web Measurement and Customization We use web measurement and customization technologies, such as cookies, to help our website function better for visitors and to better understand how the public is using our website. Cookies We use “cookies” to test and optimize our website design and content. A cookie is a small text file automatically placed on your computer. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Site, we may store “cookies” on your computer and may use other tracking technologies which may collect information about Site activity. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that user. For example, when you sign in to your account, cookies will be used to save your username and/or password so the next time you visit your Account from the same computer, we will “remember” your username and/or password to make your experience faster and simpler. We use cookies and other browser analytics tools to save you time while using the Site, remind us who you are, and track and target your interests in order to provide a personalized experience. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. If you block or delete these cookies, some of the Site’s features may be unavailable to you. We use two types of cookies on our websites:
We use session cookies to gather data for technical purposes, such as enabling better navigation through our website and generating aggregated statistics about how the website is used. Session cookies are temporary text files that expire when you leave our website. When cookies expire, they are automatically deleted from your computer. We do not use session cookies to collect PII, and we do not share data collected from session cookies. Our use of session cookies is defined as “Tier 1” usage in accordance with the OMB Memorandum (M)-10-22 Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies.
We use multi-session cookies, a.k.a. persistent cookies, to customize our website for frequent visitors and to test variations of website design and content. Multi-session cookies are cookies that are stored over more than a single session on your computer. We do not use multi-session cookies to collect PII, and we do not share data collected from multi-session cookies. Our multi-session cookies are set to expire two years after your last visit to our website. After two years, they are automatically deleted from your computer. Our use of multi-session cookies is defined as “Tier 2” usage in accordance with the OMB Memorandum (M)-10-22 Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies.
Automatic Information: When you visit a website, you automatically disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. Like many other websites, the Site may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes the IP address from which you access the Site, the type of browser and operating system you use to access the Site, the date and time you access the Site, the pages you visit, and the addresses of pages from where you followed a link to the Site. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, and track user’s movement around the Site. Such information is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information, with the exception of the IP address which might be used for fraud prevention purposes or to identify spamming attempts. Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may disclose or share non-personally identifiable information with our agents, outside vendors or service providers, or others, for any purpose. We may use this information for our own research and commercial purposes to improve the functionality of the Site, troubleshoot, administer the Site, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also disclose this information to our agents, outside vendors or service providers or others to perform functions on our behalf, e.g. analyze data, analyze the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content and programming, or provide marketing assistance. Analytics We use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Personal Information Voluntarily Submitted to This Website If you choose to provide this website with personal information – for example by completing a “Contact Us” inquiry form, via email, leaving a comment, or completing a survey – we may use that information to respond to your message and/or help us get you the information or services you asked for. Submitting personal information (name, address, telephone number, email address, etc.) is voluntary and is not required to access information on our website. Disclosure We do not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors unless required for law enforcement or by Federal law, or unless you explicitly asked for information by filling in your information on an inquiry form. Should you expressly request information and it is a service that we cannot provide, or if it is not a good fit for you, you agree to allow us to find someone else who can connect with you to provide that same information. Should you not wish for your information to be shared, you will indicate that in your inquiry request. We take appropriate security measures to help safeguard the information you share with us from unauthorized access and disclosure. We also use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized access to your personal information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personally Identifiable Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic transmission or storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive such information. We assume no liability for any damages you may suffer as a result of interception, alteration or misuse of information during such transfers. You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us. Links to Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites, which are not owned or operated by us. We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply our endorsement of the linked site. Other sites may also reference or link to our Site. If you provide any Personally Identifiable Information through a third-party website, your transaction will occur on such third party’s website (not our Site) and the Personally Identifiable Information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party websites, including such websites’ use of any Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to them.
Consent/Changes/Applicable Law By using the Site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to our processing of Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. Changes to Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove provisions of this Privacy Policy. If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post those changes to the Site. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance to be bound by this Privacy Policy without limitation, qualification or change. If at any time you do not accept all the terms and conditions contained herein, you must immediately discontinue use of this Site. Applicable Law. We comply with the privacy laws and regulations of the United States of America and makes no representation that this Site is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations, or that the Site or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. Updated January 20, 2019
About UsAbout Clearview Our Goals Troubled Teen Risk Assessment Candidates Faith Life Our ProgramOur Program Athletic Academic Emotional Mentoring Workshops
This school is authorized under Federal law to enroll nonimmigrant alien students.
Inquire NowFacebookYoutubeTwitterGoogle(406)847-5850
Our Credentials
A+ Rating
20 Bear Foot LaneHeron, Montana
Call Us to Inquire(406)847-5850
Email Us at hello@clearviewhorizon.com
Mary Thielbahr, MAFounder/Director/PsychotherapistMary and her team have successfully counseled and turned around the lives of young women for over twenty years. We specialize in emotional problems, attachment issues, learning disabilities, trauma and other personality disorders.
Quick LinksHome Facility About Testimonials Staff Photos
Our ProgramsAthletic Mentoring Academic Workshops Emotional Sitemap
Inquire NowFacebookYoutubeTwitter
© 2020 Clearview Girls Academy Therapeutic Boarding School and Residential Treatment Center for Girls Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Should you need help finding therapeutic boys ranches, teen boarding schools, residential treatment for teens or help for troubled teens, please let us know. Clearview Horizon is a Christian therapeutic boarding school for troubled teenage girls offering teen counseling for girls with adoption issues (reactive attachment disorders), self-harm (self-mutilation) or cutting, or eating disorders (anorexia, bulimia, anorexia nervosa). Other behavioral issues and disorders we deal with include: defiance, depression, post traumatic stress, abuse, and general anxiety. If you have an out of control girl, please think about Clearview Horizon, a school for troubled girls that offers teen counseling and teen counselors for troubled girls. We offer counseling for troubled teens and out of control teens and especially work with RAD girls and adopted girls with emotional disorders. If you are searching for residential treatment centers for girls, troubled youth homes, troubled teen schools or troubled teen boarding schools, you have found one. Homes for troubled teens and boarding schools for teens don’t typically offer teen counseling and therapy, but we do. Privacy Policy
MENU
Home
About
About Clearview
Our Goals
Risk Assessment Test
Candidates
Faith Life
Program
Program Overview
Workshops
Academic
Equine Therapy
Athletic
Emotional
Mentoring
Staff
Facility
Testimonials
Parent Testimonials
Student Testimonials
Photos
Contact
Inquire Now
Application Forms
News
Resources
Tell Me More
Responsible Listening
Guiding Principles
Framework of Family Values
Awareness