https://www.teenagecancertrust.org/about-us/terms-and-conditions
Skip to site search
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Donate
About UsOur storyHistory
MusicRoyal Albert HallBuy tickets
Previous Shows
Merchandise
Sponsor the shows
Music News
Music partners
Unseen
Our impact
PeopleAmbassadors
Senior Leadership Team
Trustees
Founders
Fellows
Patrons
Celebrity news
Youth Advisory Group
Safeguarding statement
Our brand
What we doCancer unitsUnit map
How we design our units
Expert staff
Nursing & support outside units
Education & awareness resourcesWhat is cancer? lesson plans
HPV and cervical cancer lesson plans
Personal relationships education drama
Sun safety
School visits
Mates Matter
Working in partnership
Hair4u
Professional leadershipEducating health professionals
Teenagers and young adults with cancer (TYAC)
Global AYA Cancer Congress
Professional resources
Who we work with
PolicyPolicy news
Our policy work
Consultation responses
Reports
All-Party Parliamentary Group for Children, Teenagers and Young Adults with Cancer
End cancer inequality for young people
Listen Up! What Matters to Young Cancer Patients
Research
CampaignsCancer and body image – I’m #StillMeTips on cancer and body image
How cancer can affect your body image
How we help
Hair and beauty advice
Andrew's story
Crystal's story
Holly's story
Jabs for lads
Unstoppable
We won’t let cancer cancel ChristmasWhy working at Christmas is special for our staff
Young peoples’ Christmas stories
Northern Ireland
News
Media centreSpokespeople
Work for us
Annual report 2019
Contact us
Frequently asked questions
Our fundraising principles
Teenage Cancer Trust Awards 2020
Get HelpI think I might have cancerTalking about cancer
What causes cancer
Getting diagnosed
I've got cancerWhy did I get cancer?
Types of cancerBone cancer
Brain tumours
Cervical cancer
Hodgkin lymphoma
Leukaemia
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma
Ovarian cancer
Skin cancer
Soft tissue sarcoma
Testicular cancer
Thyroid cancer
TreatmentWhat to expect
Chemotherapy
Radiotherapy
Surgery
Bone marrow and stem cell transplants
Immunotherapy
Clinical Trials
After treatment
FeelingsEmotional support
Relationships
My bodyBody image
Fertility
Living healthily during cancer
Glossary
School and University
Useful contacts
How we can helpOur Units
Nurses
Youth support coordinators
Honest Answers, Sound Advice: A Young Person's Guide to Cancer
Support programmes
Ultimate backstage experience
Support for friends and familyCancer support for families
Cancer support for parents
My brother/sister has cancer
My friend has cancer
My girlfriend/boyfriend has cancer
If cancer treatment isn't likely to cure cancer
Young people's stories
How we produce our cancer information
Teenage cancer blog
Support UsDonate
FundraiseEvents and challenges
Do your own fundraisingVirtual fundraising ideas
Register your fundraising
Organising your own event
Fundraising Monies FAQs
News in my area
As a partnerAs a companyWays to work with usCause Related Marketing
Corporate challenges
Sponsorship
Other ways to work with us
Why work with us
Our Partners
Trusts and major giftsHow we work with trusts and foundations
George’s Trust
The Queen's Trust
Set up a fund
VolunteerCurrent Opportunities
Types of volunteering
Volunteer blog
Meet our volunteers
Volunteer FAQs
Sign up
Why we need you
Donate this Christmas
Shop
Information
Search form
Search
Donate
Home › About Us › Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This page (together with the policies referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions of our website www.teenagecancertrust.org (“our site”). Please read this carefully before you visit or use our site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Our story
›
What we do
›
News
›
Media centre
›
Work for us
›
Annual report 2019
›
Contact us
›
Frequently asked questions
›
Our fundraising principles
›
Teenage Cancer Trust Awards 2020
›
1. Information about us
1.1 www.teenagecancertrust.org is a website operated by the Teenage Cancer Trust (“we, us, our”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 03350311 and our registered charity number is 1062559 (England and Wales) and SC039757 (Scotland). Our registered office is at Third Floor, 93 Newman Street, London, W1T 3EZ. Our VAT number is GB 815 0652 50.
2. Accessing our site
2.1 Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). Whilst we endeavour to make sure the site is available 24 hours a day, we will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. 2.2 When using our site, you must comply with the provisions of our Acceptable Use Policy (see clause [13] below). 2.3 You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
3. Intellectual property rights
3.1 We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights on our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. 3.2 You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site. 3.3 You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. 3.4 Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged. 3.5 You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. 3.6 If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
4. Reliance on information posted
4.1 The content on our site is for general information only. Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. If you would like advice to your circumstances, please contact us at hello@teenagecancertrust.org.
5. Our site changes regularly
5.1 We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. This includes deletion of individual fundraising pages that have not been updated for a significant period of time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.5.2 We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
6. Our liability
6.1 The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude: 6.1.1 all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and 6.1.2 any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for: (i) loss of income or revenue; (ii)loss of business; (iii) loss of profits or contracts; (iv) loss of anticipated savings; (v) loss of data; (vi) loss of goodwill; (vii) wasted management or office time; and (viii) for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above. 6.2 This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
7. Information about you and your visits to our site
7.1 We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
8. Your account and password
8.1 If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.8.2 We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use. 8.3 If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at hello@teenagecancertrust.org.
9. Transactions concluded through our site
9.1 Contracts for the supply of goods, services or information formed through our site or as a result of visits made by you will be made with our subsidiary and licensee, The Teenage Trust (Trading) Limited and such contracts will be governed by their Standard Terms and Conditions for the Sale of Goods Online.
10. Viruses, hacking and other offences
10.1 You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. 10.2 By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. 10.3 We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.10.4 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
11. Linking to our site
11.1 You may link to our site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. 11.2 You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. 11.3 The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy (see clause [13] below). 11.4 If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to hello@teenagecancertrust.org.
12. Links from our site
12.1 Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
13. Acceptable use policy
13.1 This Acceptable Use Policy applies to all users of, and visitors to our site. Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the provisions of this policy. 13.2 You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site: 13.2.1 in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation; 13.2.2 in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; 13.2.3 for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way; 13.2.4 to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our Content Standards in clause 14 below; 13.2.5 to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or 13.2.6 to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. 13.3 You also agree not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: 13.3.1 any part of our site; 13.3.2 any equipment or network on which our site is stored; 13.3.3 any software used in the provision of our site; or 13.3.4 any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
14. Content standards
14.1 These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it.14.2 You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.14.3 Contributions must be accurate (where they state facts), be genuinely held (where they state opinion), and comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.14.4 Contributions must not:14.4.1 Contain any material which is defamatory of any person;14.4.2 Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;14.4.3 Promote sexually explicit material; 14.4.4 Promote violence;14.4.5 Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; 14.4.6 Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person14.4.7 Be likely to deceive any person;14.4.8 Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;14.4.9 Promote any illegal activity;14.4.10 Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;14.4.11 Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;14.4.12 Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;14.4.13 Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;14.4.14 Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case;14.4.15 Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
15. Suspension and termination
15.1 We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this Acceptable Use Policy or Content Standards through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. 15.2 Failure to comply with this Acceptable Use Policy or Content Standards constitutes a material breach of the terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: 15.2.1 immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site; 15.2.2 immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site; 15.2.3 issue of a warning to you; 15.2.4 legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach; 15.2.5 further legal action against you; and/or 15.2.6 disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary. 15.3 We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of our Acceptable Use Policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
16. Jurisdiction and applicable law
16.1 The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. 16.2 These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
17. Trade marks
17.1 The Teenage Cancer Trust logo is a UK registered trade mark of Teenage Cancer Trust.
18. Variations
18.1 We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
19. Your concerns
19.1 If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact hello@teenagecancertrust.org19.2 Thank you for visiting our site.
Donate