http://www.omegalabs.net/home/privacy.cmsx
Hair Testing
Hair Testing
Hair Testing FAQs
Legality of Hair Testing
Oral Fluid Testing
Oral Fluid Testing Services
Oral Fluid Testing FAQs
Instant Testing
COVID-19 Instant Tests
Instant Oral Fluid Program
iCup Instant Urine Drug Screens
Q.E.D. Instant Saliva Alcohol Tests
About Omega
Omega Virtual Tour
Why Partner with Omega?
Omega Laboratories History
Accreditations & Certifications
Press Releases
Advanced Specimen Testing
Careers
Contact Us
ExtraNet
Privacy
General Privacy Policy
Omega Laboratories, Inc. has created this Privacy Policy to explain our information-gathering and dissemination practices. Your use of our site confirms your acknowledgement and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with applicable laws, to improve your Omega Laboratories, Inc. experience, or to reflect any general change in our policy. Any changes will be posted to this document so that you will always know what information we gather and how we use it. You are encouraged to print or download a copy of this document for your permanent records.
We can be reached by email at customerservice@omegalabs.net, by postal mail at 400 North Cleveland Avenue, Mogadore, Ohio, 44260, USA, or by telephone at 330-628-5748. Please let us know of any possible violation of these policies.
What information does Omega Laboratories, Inc. collect?
Personally Identifiable Information
We only obtain and retain personally identifiable information that you give to us and certain related transactional information which we collect based on your use of any password-protected areas of our site. Only customers who have passwords are entitled to access the Client Net area of our site. Persons who contact us through the Careers link of the site provide detailed personally identifiable information to us in connection with their applications.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When you visit the public parts of our site, we do not collect data about who you are or any other personally identifiable information except as described above. We may, however, collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you based upon your activity on our site. We may collect machine data such as processor type, processor speed, operating system type, browser type, audio devices, modem devices, and video cards. This information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files that may be sent from our servers to your computer during a browsing session. In order to make our site more responsive to the needs of our visitors. we may use cookies to assign your Internet browser a unique random number, a sort of anonymous user ID that is stored in a file on your computer. By using a cookie, we are able to automatically identify your browser and track your use of our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but contain an option for you to turn off the acceptance of cookies if you prefer. You can also delete cookie files from your computer after they have been stored.
Children's Information
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and fair information practices, children under the age of 13 are not allowed to sign up for our services or the members-only portions of our site. Omega Laboratories, Inc. does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children.
How does Omega Laboratories, Inc. use the information we collect?
Personally Identifiable Information
If you are a customer using Client Net we may use your email address to send you email to communicate with you about the services we provide and certain account information. We do not sell, rent, loan, or otherwise share personally identifiable information, including email lists, to third parties. You need not take any action to prevent such disclosure.
We may be required by law, court order, governmental agency, or law enforcement authority to disclose your personally identifiable information. We may also disclose your information to law enforcement authorities investigating suspected illegal activity.
We do not combine personally identifiable information with any of the non-personally identifiable information gathered on the public portion of our site.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We compile and analyze non-personally identifiable information on an aggregated basis. For example, we may know that ninety people visited this Privacy Policy yesterday or how long the average visitor spent at our site last month, but because we do not know their names or addresses they are anonymous to us. We may also use this information to conduct internal research on our visitors' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve our visitors.
How do I change my information?
To change or remove any personally identifiable information you have submitted to us, please contact us at customerservice@omegalabs.net.
What levels of security does Omega Laboratories, Inc. have?
The public portions of our site are not encrypted or password-protected. We do use industry-standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, due to the inherent dangers of the Internet, we cannot guarantee the protection of such information against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration. The password-protected areas of Client Net are only available to members. Unique passwords may be assigned to users of Client Net to protect information and make it only available to that specific customer.
Copyright © 2020 Omega Laboratories, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy ::
Terms & Conditions
CMS Platform by Acumium