http://www.sjsm.org/privacy-policy/
Home
MD Program
MD Program
Accreditations
USMLE STEP 1 GUARANTEE
Basic Sciences
Transfer
Clinical Sciences
USCE Program
SJSM Customized MD Program
Partnership Pre-Medical Programs
Medical Research
SJScience
Admissions
Admission Process
Immigration
SJSM Advisors
Academic Calendar
Tuition Fees
Tuition Payment & Refunds
Financial Assistance
Apply for a Student Loan
Scholarships
Canadian Students
Campuses
One School With Two Campuses
Anguilla
St. Vincent
Image Gallery
About Us
History & Mission
Accreditations
Code of Ethics
Trustees
Testimonials
Faculty
FAQs
Information for Parents
Teach at Saint James
Diversity in SJSM
Events & Blogs
Join us for an open house
Blog
Newsletters
Resources
MySJSM
MySJSM  Clinical
Student Portal
Update Clinical Schedule
Library
Alumni
Residency and Careers
Downloads
SJSM Help Desk
Saint James Wallpapers
Prequalification Exam
Kaplan Review Program
Forum
Student Referral Program
Canadian Students
Graduate Success
Residency Placements
SJSM Doctors
SJSM Alumni Highlights
Pre Med
Saint James School of Medicine Privacy Policy
Updated April 9 2015
This page details how sjsm.org uses and shares your information. We take your privacy extremely seriously. Please note that when visiting sjsm.org you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What personal information does sjsm.org gather?
Here are the types of information we gather.
Information you give us: We receive and store any information you enter on our web site or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders from the SJSM store, and communicating with you.
Automatic information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. We use cookies, and we also receive information when your web browser accesses sjsm.org or when you interact with advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of sjsm.org on other web sites.
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
E-mail: We receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from sjsm.org, if your computer supports such capabilities. We use this information to help us make our e-mails and e-newsletters more useful and interesting to you.
Does sjsm.org share your information?
We do not sell your information to third parties. We share your information only as described below.
Third-party service providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Protection of sjsm.org: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; or protect the rights, property, or safety of sjsm.org, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With your consent: In the unlikely event that we might wish to share your information with a third party in a way not detailed above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share your information.
Security of personal information and credit information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
When you place orders or access your personal information, you do so through a secure server. Store.sjsm.org is a certified secure site by Volusion SSL. This means store.sjsm.org holds a secure Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate which provides industry standard data encryption of information transferred from your computer to the website.
Sign up for our newsletter!
Get insight into your future as a Caribbean medical student
Stay Connected
Apply Now
Request Info
Search for:
Next Enrollment Deadline: January01,2021
Registration and Reception: January04,2021
For more information call 800-542-1553 now
Contact us
Teach at Saint James
 Saint James School of Medicine 2020 Call 800-542-1553
Webinar
Privacy Policy
-->
-->
-->