https://www.nyintergroup.org/privacy-policy/
My Account
Contribute
Physical A.A. Meetings
Find an In-Person Meeting
List/Update a Reopening
Remote A.A. Meetings
Apply to join NYIG Zoom Acct
Find a Meeting
List a Meeting
Update a Meeting Listing
Guides
Zoom Chair Guide (updated 6/25/2020)
Zoom Participants Guide
Zoom Protection Guide Video
Zoom Protection Guide Print
Additional Guides & Meeting Resources
Be Of Service
What Is AA?
What Does A.A. Do?
New to A.A.?
Is A.A. For Me?
Problems Other Than Alcohol
What is NYIG?
What Does NYIG Do?
NYIG Bylaws
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
INTER-GROUP ASSOCIATION OF A.A.  OF NEW YORK INC. (NYIG) PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 30, 2017.
1. Introduction
This privacy policy is applicable to the Sites which are provided and operated by NYIG (“us” or “our” or “we”).  PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITES.  This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to you and your use of the Sites.  Access to the Sites is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein (collectively, the “Privacy Policy”).  In addition, particular features, applications and activities offered as part of the Sites may also be subject to additional privacy terms specified in connection with such features, applications and activities, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SITES.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected via the Sites.  It does not apply to information that you may submit to us by any other means or to websites maintained by other companies.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, NYIG’s Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”), which also govern your use of the Sites.  Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the definitions in NYIG’s Terms and Conditions
NYIG may modify, add, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on this page.  Your continued use of the Sites after any such changes have been made means you agree to such changes.  If NYIG makes any material changes to the Privacy Policy, it will indicate, at the top of this page, the date the Privacy Policy was last revised.
2. Personal Information
NYIG values the privacy and security of our Sites users.  To that end, we take measures to protect your personal information and the security of our Sites.  We do not generally ask for or collect personal information from our Sites visitors, however, in connection with your use of the Sites or particular features or components thereof, you may be required to provide, and we may collect, information that can identify you personally or that can be used with other sources of information to identify you (“Personal Information”).  When Personal Information is required, we ask only for the personal information needed.  For example, if you create an account or purchase products on the Sites, you will be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information and billing address.  You may also provide Personal Information when you request customer service or other assistance, sign up to receive emails or other communications for us, or otherwise communicate with us via the Sites.  The personal information you provide is used by our in-house staff to place and track orders and for other internal business purposes, but it is not made available to any third party except to our third party service providers who perform administrative or other services on our behalf or as may be required by law.
You should, and we provide you with the opportunity to, update your previously provided personal information, and you may delete such information.
Access to software applications that are owned and operated by third parties (“Third-Party Applications”) may require you to provide access to your Personal Information to the providers of such Third-Party Applications.  In such cases, you will be informed about this either during the registration process, in the terms of use of the Third-Party Application, or in a similar manner.  The Third-Party Application provider’s use of your personal information is governed by that third party’s privacy policy.  Please note that if you choose to remove a Third-Party Application from your NYIG account, this does not necessarily mean that the relevant third party provider will delete Personal Information about you that they have previously received.  Please visit the privacy policy of the relevant third party to make sure that you understand how they may use the Personal Information you provide to them.  If you do not want such use of your Personal Information, you should not register for or use the applicable Third-Party Application.
3. Anonymous Information
When you use the Sites, NYIG may also collect certain information that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”).  For example, NYIG may collect information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites (which may include, for example, IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information) and about your use of our website (which may include, for example, a reading history of the pages you view).
4. Location Based Services
NYIG collects geolocation data for purposes of offering relevant content, in particular meeting information.  Geolocation data consists of general location information based on latitude and longitude (if the user has enabled location services for an application on the user’s mobile device), or based on the IP address of the user’s computer or mobile device.  By using any of the Sites, you consent to NYIG’s collection of this geolocation information.
5. Use of Cookies
Like many websites, NYIG may use “cookies,” which are files stored on your computer’s hard drive that help NYIG identify account holders and optimize their website experience, facilitate ordering through the online store, to track Sites usage, and to compile nonpersonal, aggregate data to improve content and efficiency of use for our website.  This information will be used solely to improve our Sites and offerings and to better understand our Sites users.  Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them.  NYIG recommends that you leave cookies enabled so it can offer you a better website experience.  NYIG will not drop cookies or other tracking devices that are persistent and/or cannot be erased on an end user’s hard drive.
You may occasionally receive cookies from Third-Party Applications.  NYIG does not control these cookies, and these cookies fall outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
6. Our Use of Information
We use the information we obtain from or about you to help us operate the Sites and personalize and improve your experience with the Sites and to make certain features, service, activities or functionalities available to you.  For example, we may use information we collect (including Personal Information) to:
Fulfill orders and complete transactions;
Provide you with products and services that you request;
Communicate with you about your account, respond to your inquiries and send you information about features and enhancements of the Sites;
Communicate with you about changes to our policies;
Send you newsletters and other communications;
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal; and
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and Sites usage, including analysis of which content or images users click on or hover over and analysis of which email messages were opened or acted upon when NYIG sends HTML-formatted email messages (messages resembling Web pages that include graphics).
We may use and store information about you that we receive from other sources to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to better customize your experience with the Sites.
7. Disclosure of Information
We will only disclose your Personal Information collected via the Sites to other companies and individuals as described in this Privacy Policy.  We may disclose Anonymous Information and any other information that is not Personal Information to other companies and individuals in any manner that NYIG deems appropriate or necessary.
Service Providers: NYIG occasionally has third-party contractors and agents that provide services to NYIG, such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, marketing, database hosting, web analytics, and providing customer service. These entities may have access to Personal Information in order to perform their functions.  We do not authorize them to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Legally Compelled Disclosures: NYIG may disclose Personal Information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so under law (including under a reasonable interpretation of the law), including, without limitation, in response to court orders and subpoenas.
Emergency Situations: NYIG may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to applicable law; (b) protect and defend its rights or property, the Sites or its Users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of NYIG, its Users, and others.
Change of Ownership or Corporate Organization: We may change our corporate structure or organization and in such regard, we may transfer Personal Information to such other entity in connection with any such change of corporate organization or similar transaction, such as, for example, a transfer to an entity with which we have merged, that we have acquired or that has acquired NYIG. Under such circumstances NYIG would use reasonable efforts to require the transferee to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.
Affiliated Entities: We may disclose Personal Information and other information collected from you to our parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates.
8. Emails
When you request services or products, you may receive emails from us to process your requests or to contact you regarding such.  When and if you opt-in (as provided on the Sites) to receive email updates or other notices from us, your address will be used for that purpose only, or to contact you regarding your participation in user surveys, to ask for feedback with respect to the Sites or existing or prospective services.  If you wish to be removed from our email list, you can contact us directly through our email address at webmaster@NYIntergroup.org or reply to the most recent monthly email and request that your email address be removed.
9. Security
We make commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Personal Information secure.  We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Information when you make a contribution, place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.  When you provide us payment information in order to process a contribution or make a purchase, this information is encrypted, using reasonable, industry-standard security measures, and is used (generally by our third party vendors) only to fulfill your request.  After a transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.
No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, thus, it may be possible for third parties not under the control of NYIG to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully, including in the case of your contacting NYIG by email or a “contact us” or similar feature on the Sites.  Accordingly, though NYIG takes commercially reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to the Sites, due to the nature of the internet, NYIG cannot guarantee that such information, during transmission through the internet or while stored on its system or otherwise in its care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers.  By using the Sites, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
10.Third-Party Sites
The Sites may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control.  Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites.  Third party sites may also use tracking technologies by or through the Sites.  We have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of such third parties.
11. Children
This is not a website directed to children under the age of 13, and NYIG does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.  If you are under 13 years of age you should not use this website, and under no circumstance should you provide personally identifiable information to NYIG.
12. Local Law
The Sites are published in the United States.  We make every effort to protect the personal identifiable information of all users of the Sites.  We attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the NYIG services.  If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your Personal Information to NYIG.
13. Notice to Users Outside of the United States
If you are located within the European Union, you should be aware that your personal identifiable information will be transferred to the United States of America, the laws of which may be deemed by the European Union to have inadequate data protection.  If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of Americas
14. Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: info@nyintergroup.org
Venmo @nyintergroup
PayPal
Seventh Tradition
Click here to make a contribution to New York Inter-Group.
Add/ Change / Verify Group Update Form
Keep your group information up-to-date- by completing this form
Sign in
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
Reset password
Back to login