http://www.easterseals.com/wv/privacy-policy.html
Login | Register | Need Help?
Donate
menu
search
Easterseals West Virginia
Who We Are
History
News
FAQs
Stories of Hope
Leadership
Partners
Financials
Careers at Easterseals
Contact Us
Locations
Take a Step in Making a Difference in Your Community
Join hundreds of passionate people in your community for a day full of entertainment, fun and, of course, our signature walk!
read more
What We Do
For Children
For Young Adults
For Adults
Is Your Child Under Age 5? Take the Developmental Milestones Screening
Children develop skills, or "milestones," at their own pace. How is your child or grandchild doing?
read more
Our Programs
Live
Autism
Therapy
Learn
Safety Tips
Accessibility
Work
Play
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Monthly Giving
Workplace Giving
Legacy Giving
Events
Advocacy
Personal Fundraising
Volunteer
Take a Step in Making a Difference in Your Community
Join hundreds of passionate people in your community for a day full of entertainment, fun and, of course, our signature walk!
read more
Connect Locally
Easterseals West Virginia
You can reach us at:
1305 National Road
Wheeling, WV 26003
304-242-1390
304-243-5880 (Fax)
Contact Us
View our other locations
Change Your Location
Please use the forms below to identify another Affiliate Location.
Zip Code
Distance
Distance
50 miles
75 miles
100 miles
150 miles
200 miles
Click to search by zip code
go
State
State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Click to search by state
go
Who We Are
Our Programs
What We Do
Get Involved
Connect Locally
Login
Register
Need Help
Enter Search Text
Search Submit
Home > _Easterseals West Virginia
Privacy Policy
Last Updated April 3, 2006
Notification of Change
The Information We Collect
Opting Out
Your California Privacy Rights
Correct/Update Your Profile
Aggregate Information
Cookies
Security of Your Information
Tell-A-Friend, Ecards and Personal Fundraising Pages
Links to Other Web Sites
Information from Children
Transmission of Health-Related Data
Welcome to the Easterseals Online Network, the Web site of Easterseals, Inc. (Easterseals headquarters) and participating Easterseals affiliates across the country.
Because Easterseals values the privacy of constituents visiting the Easterseals Online Network, users of the Easterseals Online Network have the right to manage their own personal information.
You can contact Easterseals for more information related to the privacy of the information you provide online:
Mail: 141 W Jackson Blvd, Suite 1400A, Chicago, IL 60604
Phone: 312-726-6200
Online: Click here to contact Easterseals via email. Your request will be answered within 2-3 business days.
Notification of Change
Easterseals reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Easterseals privacy policy will be kept up-to-date and clearly posted on our Web site.
The Information We Collect
On many pages of the Easterseals Online Network -- in particular when donating online, completing an action alert, registering for a special event, purchasing a product, or completing various feedback forms -- visitors are asked to list name, address, and other personal contact information. Information collected is specifically and knowingly provided by site visitors and may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. text), address, telephone number, interests and other similar information. Collecting this information helps Easterseals to better provide site visitors with relevant and useful content.
Easterseals has partnered with Convio, Inc. to power the Web content, email and transaction processing capabilities to serve our constituents and fulfill our mission on the Internet. Convio, Inc. is an Internet software and services company that provides online electronic Constituent Relationship Management (eCRM) solutions for nonprofit organizations and higher education institutions. Convio will not disclose your name or other personally identifiable information (such as your e-mail address or phone number) to any party other than Easterseals.
Neither Easterseals nor Convio store sensitive information such as credit card numbers. When an online transaction is completed through the Easterseals Online Network, such as a charitable contribution, credit card information is used solely for the purpose of completing that specific transaction and is not retained in the Easterseals or Convio database.
Easterseals will not sell, share or exchange personal contact information collected from this Web site with other organizations. If a user has a previous relationship with Easterseals through another channel (i.e., mail, phone), Easterseals will occasionally rent or exchange those names and addresses with other organizations as a way of providing extra funds to help support services. If you do not want to participate in this program, please let us know.
Visitors to the Easterseals Online Network are not required to share any personally identifiable information. Users who do not wish to share personal information when visiting the Easterseals Online Network can still access the Network's Web pages and the valuable information provided.
Opting Out
Easterseals provides site visitors with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving our online and offline communications.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving email communications please update your user profile. Email unsubscribe requests are processed immediately.
To discontinue the receipt of postal mail, please contact Easterseals. Shortly, Easterseals will be adding the capability to remove your name from our postal mailing list online. You'll need to register as user of the Easterseals Online Network. Please note: there is a 8-12 week lapse period due to the fact that a subsequent mailing may already be in production. If you do receive another mailing, please disregard it.
Your California Privacy Rights
To review a special notice for California residents only per California Privacy Law (SB27): Exchanging, Renting, Reselling Personal Information, please visit the "Your California Privacy Rights" section.
Correct/Update Your Profile
Easterseals offers the option to change and modify personally identifiable information. Upon your request, Easterseals will remove personally identifying information retained in organizational databases. If you are a registered user of this site, you can access your Easterseals profile and update your contact information and user preferences by clicking here.
Easterseals reserves the right to maintain information on users who have had their access to the Easterseals Online Network blocked.
Aggregate Information
Demographic and profile data (i.e., age, gender, browser usage) is also collected via the Easterseals Online Network. Easterseals uses such data to improve marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze site usage, improve content and product offerings and to customize site content, layout, and services. Additionally, this data may be shared with third parties on an aggregated basis. Easterseals does not share personally identifying information with third parties, except to a court or governmental agency if required by law and as stated above in the section titled "The Information We Collect."
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file a Web site places on a site visitor's computer hard drive. Its purpose is to let the site know when a user visits and to perform certain functions such as saving passwords and personal preferences.
Cookies help evaluate visitors' use of a Web site, such as what viewers want to see and what they never read. This information allows Easterseals to better focus online information and to concentrate on information people are using.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. If you would like to turn this feature off, you will need to change the settings of your Internet browser.
Security of Your Information
All credit card and personal profile information provided to Easterseals or our Internet software partner, Convio, Inc., is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption using Verisign as a payment gateway. SSL is a proven coding system that allows a browser to automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before it is sent.
Easterseals also protects account information by placing it on a secure portion of the Easterseals Online Network that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Easterseals. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Easterseals strives to protect your information, however cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend, Ecards and Personal Fundraising Pages
If you elect to use the referral service to inform a friend about a page on the Easterseals Online Network, send an ecard, or raise funds for Easterseals by soliciting friends and family, you will be asked for the friend's name and email address. Easterseals will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Easterseals stores this information to send this one-time email only. In addition, the contact information will be maintained solely for the future convenience of the individual who provided the information - to send subsequent ecards or fundraising reminders/updates.
Links to Other Web Sites
Easterseals has links to other Web sites outside of the Easterseals Online Network. Easterseals is not responsible for the content of any linked Web site, or any link contained in a linked Web site, or any changes or updates to such Web sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Easterseals of that Web site.
In addition, please be aware that Easterseals is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Web sites. Easterseals encourages you to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that requests personal information from you.
Information from Children
Easterseals does not seek to collect personal information about children through the Easterseals Online Network. If a child submits information through any part of the Network, and Easterseals is aware that the user submitting the information is a child, the information is not used for any purpose, nor is it disclosed to third parties. Easterseals will comply with all regulations set forward by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). To learn more about COPPA, visit the Federal Trade Commission.
Transmission of Health-Related Data
Easterseals understands the sensitivity of collecting and using health-related data. Personally identifiable health-related data collected on the Easterseals Online Network will not be shared with entities other than Easterseals, Inc., and Easterseals affiliates. Any transfer of personally identifiable health-related data between Easterseals organizations will take place in a secure environment with access allowed only to certain qualified employees of Easterseals. Easterseals will comply with all regulations set forward by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). To learn more about HIPAA, visit the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights.
Notice of Privacy PracticesEaster Seals Rehabilitation Center
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information.  Please review it carefully.
I. Our duty to safeguard your protected health information.
Individually identifiable information about your past, present, or future health or condition, the provision of health care to you, or payment for the health care is considered "Protected Health Information" (PHI). We are required to extend certain protections to your PHI, and to give you this Notice about our privacy practices that explains how, when and why we may use or disclose your PHI. Except in specified circumstances, we must use or disclose only the minimum necessary PHI to accomplish the intended purpose of the use or disclosure.
We are required to follow the privacy practices described in this Notice, though we reserve the right to change our privacy practices and the terms of this Notice at any time. If we do so, we will post a new Notice at each facility's lobby. You may request a copy of the new notice from each location's receptionist, and it will also be posted on our website.
II. How we may use and disclose your protected health information.
We use and disclose PHI for a variety of reasons. We have a limited right to use and/or disclose your PHI for purposes of treatment, payment or our health care operations. For uses beyond that, we must have your written authorization unless the law permits or requires us to make the use or disclosure without your authorization. If we disclose your PHI to an outside entity in order for that entity to perform a function on our behalf, we must have in place an agreement from the outside entity that it will extend the same degree of privacy protection to your information that we must apply to your PHI. However, the law provides that we are permitted to make some uses/disclosures without your consent or authorization. The following offers more description and some examples of our potential uses/disclosures of your PHI.
Uses and disclosures relating to treatment, payment, or health care operations. Generally, we may use or disclose your PHI as follows:For treatment: We may disclose your PHI to health care personnel who are involved in providing your health care. For example, your PHI will be shared among members of your health care team, or with outside services for consultation, referral, or coordination of your care.To obtain payment: We may use/disclose your PHI in order to bill and collect payment for your health care services. For example, our agents may contact a private insurer to be paid for services that we delivered to you or release portions of your PHI to the Medicaid program, county board of MR/DD, or other payer source.For health care operations: We may use/disclose your PHI in the course of operating Easter Seals. For example, we may use your PHI in evaluating the quality of services provided, or disclose your PHI to our accountant or attorney for audit purposes. Since we practice in multiple locations, we may disclose your PHI to designated staff in our outreach office. Since our services are accredited, we may disclose your PHI to these accrediting bodies.
Uses and disclosures requiring authorization: For uses and disclosures beyond treatment, payment and operations purposes we are required to have your written authorization, unless the use or disclosure falls within one of the exceptions described below. Authorizations can be revoked at any time to stop future uses/disclosures except to the extent that we have already undertaken an action in reliance upon your authorization.
Uses and disclosures of PHI not requiring consent or authorization:The law provides that we may use/disclose your PHI without consent or authorization in the following circumstances:When required by law: We may disclose PHI when a law requires that we report information about suspected abuse, neglect or domestic violence, or relating to suspected criminal activity, or in response to a court order. We must also disclose PHI to authorities that monitor compliance with these privacy requirements.For public health activities:  We may disclose PHI when we are required to collect information about disease or injury, or to report vital statistics to the public health authority.For health oversight activities: We may disclose PHI to our outreach office, the protection and advocacy agency, or another agency responsible for monitoring the health care system for such purposes as reporting or investigation of unusual incidents.Relating to decedents: We may disclose PHI relating to an individual's death to coroners or medical examiners.To avert threat to health or safety: In order to avoid a serious threat to health or safety, we may disclose PHI as necessary to law enforcement or other persons who can reasonably prevent or lessen the threat to harm.For specific government functions: We may disclose PHI of military personnel and veterans in certain situations, to correctional facilities in certain situations, to government benefit programs relating to eligibility and enrollment, and for national security reasons.
III. Your rights regarding your protected health information. You have the following rights relating to your protected health information:
To request restrictions on uses/disclosures: You have a right to ask that we limit how we use or disclose your PHI. We will consider your request, but are not legally bound to agree to the restriction. To the extent that we do agree to any restrictions on our use/disclosure of your PHI, we will put the agreement in writing and abide by it except in emergency situations. We cannot agree to limit uses/disclosures that are required by law.
To choose how we contact you: You have the right to ask that we send you information at an alternative address or by an alternative means. We must agree to your request as long as it is reasonably easy for us to do so.
To inspect and copy your PHI: Unless your access is restricted for clear and documented treatment reasons, you have a right to see your protected health information upon your written request. We will respond to your request within 10 working days. If we deny you access, we will give you written reasons for the denial and explain any right to have the denial reviewed. If you want copies of your PHI, a charge for copying may be imposed, depending on your circumstances. You have a right to choose what portions of your information you want copied and to prior information on the cost of copying.
To request amendment of your PHI: If you believe that there is a mistake or missing information in our record of your PHI, you may request, in writing, that we correct or add to the record. We will respond within 10 working days of receiving your request. We may deny the request if we determine that the PHI is: correct and complete; not created by us and/or not part of our records; or, not permitted to be disclosed. Any denial will state the reasons for denial and explain your rights to have the request and denial, along with any statement in response that you provide, appended to your PHI. If we approve the request for amendment, we will change the PHI and so inform you, and tell others that need to know about the change in PHI.To find out what disclosures have been made: You have a right to get a list of when, to whom, for what purpose, and what content of your PHI has been released other than instances of disclosure - for treatment, payment, and operations; to you or your family; or pursuant to your written authorization. The list will also not include any disclosures made for national security purposes, to law enforcement officials or correctional facilities, or disclosures made before April, 2003.  We will respond to your written request for such a list within 10 working days of receiving it. Your request can relate to disclosures going as far back as six years. There will be no charge for up to one such list a year. There may be a charge for more frequent requests.
To receive this notice: You have a right to receive a paper copy of this Notice and/or an electronic copy by email upon request.
IV. How to complain about our privacy practices:
If you think we may have violated your privacy rights, or you disagree with a decision we made about access to your PHI, you may file a complaint with the person listed in Section V below. You also may file a written complaint with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of health and Human Services at 200 Independence Avenue SW, Washington, D.C. 20201 or call 1-877-696-6775. We will take no retaliatory action against you, if you make such complaints.
V. Contact person for information, or to submit a complaint:
If you have questions about this Notice or any complaints about our privacy practices, please contact: Easter Seals Rehabilitation Center, Inc., 1305 National Road, Wheeling, WV  26003, (304) 242-1390.
Become an Easter Seals advocate!
go
Find out how to Make the First Five Count!
go
Our blog
This Just In: Specially-Trained Dogs the Only Service Animals Allowed on BoardMonday, December 7, 2020, 9:37 AM
Love is Blind, Part Four: Thankful for What COVID-19 Taught Us About RelationshipsTuesday, November 24, 2020, 11:42 AM
These 17 COVID-Related Song Titles Help Me Feel Thankful in 2020Thursday, November 19, 2020, 12:09 PM
Join our eNews!
Your Email Address
Your Zip Code
Join Us - Submit
join us
Connect with Us
facebook
twitter
youtube
pinterest
instagram
blog
Easterseals West Virginia1305 National Road, Wheeling, WV 26003 | 304-242-1390Easterseals and its affiliate organizations are 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations.
Easterseals West Virginia1305 National RoadWheeling, WV 26003 | 304-242-1390Easterseals and its affiliate organizationsare 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations.
©2020 Easterseals | Privacy Policy | easterseals.com |
Printer Friendly Version
| Accessibility Guidelines | Site Map | Contact Us
©2020 Easterseals | Privacy Policy | easterseals.com |
Printer Friendly Version
Accessibility Guidelines | Site Map | Contact Us
©2020 Easterseals
Privacy Policy | easterseals.com
Printer Friendly Version
| Accessibility Guidelines
Site Map | Contact Us
nonprofit software