https://www.abelpetclinic.com/terms-of-use/
Our App
TeleHealth
Contact
Appointments
Blog
Online Store
PetSites
916-684-6854
Home
About
Our Staff
Testimonials
Pet Gallery
News
Podcasts
Now Hiring!
Pet Owners
New Clients
Payment
Online Forms
Pet Memorial
Blog
Education
Pet Medical Conditions
Pet Education Videos
Resources
Services
Online Vet Visits
Wellness Care
Stress-Free Vet Visits
Diagnostics & Internal Medicine
Dentistry
Pet Laser Therapy Treatment
Surgery
Emergency
TeleHealth Consultation
Wellness
Canine Plans
Canine Dental Packages
Canine Puppy Wellness Plan
Canine Adult Wellness Plans
Canine Senior Wellness Plan
Feline Plans
Feline Dental Packages
Feline Kitten Wellness Plan
Feline Adult Wellness Plan
Feline Senior Wellness Plan
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE (THE “TERMS”) FOR: ABEL PET CLINIC’S (www.abelpetclinic.com) WEBSITE (THE “SITE”). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
CHANGES TO TERMS
Please review the Terms regularly. The Terms may change at any time.
By using the Site after a change in the Terms, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms as changed.
SITE CONTENT
Unless otherwise expressly noted, you should assume everything you see, hear, or otherwise receive from or on the Site (the “Content”) is copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Abel Pet Clinic.
The Content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, the Site as a whole and any other materials at the Site.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Nothing in the Terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any Content, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on the Site.
YOUR USE OF THE SITE
You may use Content for research or educational purposes, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices with them.
No other use of any Content is permitted unless a specific use is expressly stated as to particular Content.
You agree that you will make only lawful use of the Site, and will use the Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations.
You agree that you will make no use of the Site that violates anyone else’s rights, including copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights.
You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site (“Publish”) any materials that contain a software virus or other harmful component.
You agree that you will not Publish any materials that contain advertising or commercial material of any kind.
You agree that you will not Publish any materials that are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful, or that violate any rights of privacy or publicity or any trademark, copyright, patent or other rights.
You are solely responsible for the content of any material you Publish.
We are not responsible or liable for the conduct of any person using the Site.
We may change, suspend, discontinue or remove any aspect of the Site at any time, without prior notice, including the availability of any Site feature, services or Content or any material you have Published.
We may restrict your access to certain features, services or Content at any time, without prior notice.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site may contain links to third party sites. Any outside links are provided only as a convenience.
Your use of outside links is at your sole risk.
Any links from the Site do not constitute our endorsement of any third party, its Website, or its goods or services.
We are not responsible for any Websites, services or other materials linked to or from the Site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials.
If you have any concerns regarding any Website linked to or from the Site, please direct them to the owner or operator of the Website.
USER COMMENTS & SUBMISSIONS
We welcome your comments regarding our Site and services.
To submit your comments regarding our Site or services, please e-mail them to us.
However, if you are dissatisfied with the Site, any of its Content, or any of the Terms, your sole and exclusive legal remedy is to stop using the Site. Any comments, ideas, suggestions or other information you transmit to the Site are not confidential or proprietary.
We will be free to use any comment, idea, suggestion or other information you transmit to us through the Site on an unrestricted basis. This may include personal information about you and your use of the Site.
For more information, please review the Privacy Policy to follow.
COPYRIGHT
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been infringed on the Site, please send a statutory notice to our copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement:
ATTN:
ViziSites Inc.
ATTN: Copyright Dept.
970 W. Valley Pkwy #315
Escondido, CA 92025
copywriter@vizisites.com
DISCLAIMER NOTICE TO OUR WEBSITE VIEWERS
This website is provided for informational purposes only. No business relationship is established by your use of this site. No warranties or guarantees are made regarding any of the information contained within this website.
PRIVACY
If you require more information or have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us. The privacy of our visitors is of utmost importance to us. Our privacy policy outlines the types of personal information this website collects and how it is used.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
By entering your name, email address, and/or phone number, you are providing personal information that will be used by us for the sole purpose of returning your request to be contacted by us. We will only use this information to contact you in order to assist you with your internet marketing needs, and/or to answer any questions you may have indicated in the comments section.
Our intention is to only use your personal information to return your request for contact regarding our website services or internet marketing related questions.
LOG FILES
Like many other Websites, this Website makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes Internet Service Provider (ISP), internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other information is not linked to anything that is personally identifiable.
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY
We are not responsible for any information collected by social networks on which we maintain a social media presence.
These include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
Each social network has its own privacy policy and it should be read before creating an account on the network.
We are not responsible for any marketing or retargeting performed by a social network after you have visited our pages.
OPT-OUT OPTION
Please contact us if you wish to opt-out/unsubscribe from receiving any future communication.
Opt-out requests and/or questions regarding this privacy policy can be directed to:
info@abelpetclinic.com
CONTACT
9098 Laguna Main Street #1, Elk Grove, California 95758
Get Directions
Phone: 916-684-6854 | Fax:916-684-6966
Contact Us Online
HOURS
Monday - Friday: 9:00am - 6:00pm
Saturday: 9:00am - 2:00pm
Sunday: Closed
© 2020 Abel Pet Clinic | Proudly Designed & Managed by ViziSites | Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Support Your Local Business
Know someone who’s struggling and needs help caring for their pets? Want to give the gift of wellness to a friend or loved one? Or want to tuck something away in case your own pets need care before the current crisis is over? Send an Abel Pet Clinic digital gift card in any amount to a family member, friend, or yourself!
Veterinarians are considered an essential business, so we’re open and helping pets while following the latest CDC recommendations for social distancing and personal and client protection. We can’t wait to see you now and in the future!
Purchase your gift card here.
Read Our COVID-19 Notice