https://www.fom.ac.uk/our-website/privacy-and-security-policy
Home | About us | Contact | Skip to main content |
Accessibility
T: 020 7242 8698
PReP Login
Member login
Search site:
Careers
What Occupational Physicians say
Becoming a specialist
Resources
Members
Categories of membership
Benefits of membership
Subscriptions and fees
Prizes and Fellowships
Exams & Training
Specialty Training
Examinations
CESR entry to the Specialist Register
Health for Health Professionals programme
Revalidation & CPD
Introduction to Revalidation
Preparing for Revalidation
PReP: FOM’s Revalidation e-portfolio
CPD
Clinical Governance
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Resources
Media & Events
News
Events
CPD Event Accreditation
OEM Journal
Publications
Health at Work
Standards for occupational health services
Information for employers
Information for employees
Helpful links
Home » Our website » Privacy and Security Policy
last updated:29/05/2018 @
1:50 pm
« Our website
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
Sitemap
Web Sales Agreement
Website usage terms and conditions
Print this page
Privacy and Security Policy
The Faculty of Occupational Medicine (“FOM”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Faculty of Occupational Medicine must provide comprehensive information on how records and information about living people are being collected, used and disposed of.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website www.fom.ac.uk (the “site”) you are accepting and consenting to us collecting and using your personal information in accordance with the terms of this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the “Act”), the data controller is the Faculty of Occupational Medicine. We are a UK registered charity, Charity Commission no. 1139516 and Scottish Charity no. SCO400060, and also a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales under company number 07461063. Our registered office is at 2 Lovibond Lane, London SE10 9FY. We are registered for VAT purposes with registration number 798 6604 62.
Information we collect about you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. If you wish to benefit from any of the online services that we offer via our site and/or to register you may need to provide us with certain personal information. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register for membership, events, electronic newsletters, publications, examinations, educational services including grants and bursaries or any other services which we provide now or in the future and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, GMC number, personal description and photograph and information on other protected characteristics for equality and diversity monitoring purposes.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We may use this information:
to deal with your requests and/or enquiries;
to carry out analysis, improve the quality of our services and ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to maintain our records for administrative purposes;
to track use of web pages;
to protect our site against unauthorised access;
to comply with statutory and/or regulatory obligations;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about and to send you information that we believe may be of interest to you;
to notify you about changes to our service.
Information we collect about you. We may use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
We will not, unless otherwise stated, share your personal information with any third parties but if you choose to purchase any subscriptions, services or publications from us we may pass your personal information to a secure, third-party payment service provider, subject to them signing a data sharing agreements and assuring us they are GDPR compliant, and any such third party may require further information from you in order to process your payment.
If you subscribe to or request copies of our publications we may need to provide details of your name and address to third parties for the purpose of dispatch and distribution. This information will always be provided with a prohibition on use other than for the purpose for which it is specifically provided.
Where we store your personal data
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated and stored securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the facilitating of services which you have requested or which we provide, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Our systems operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. We periodically review our security and privacy policies and update them as necessary.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure but we willl do our best to protect your personal data.
Your rights
As per General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we will only contact you for marketing purposes if you have actively opted in .
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. In accordance with the ICO we will process requests in 30 days, as long as the request is proportional and reasonable.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website, and where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
If you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy, if at any time you wish us to stop using your personal information or if you wish to have your personal data updated or corrected, you may contact us at fom@fom.ac.uk.
Review of this Policy
This policy is subject to scrutiny by the FOM Board of Trustees and will be reviewed regularly.
This Policy was last updated in May 2018 and is subject to Board approval in June 2018.
Information
Staff List and Contacts
Terms & Conditions
Privacy and Security Policy
Cookie Policy
Web Sales Agreement
Quick Links
Careers in occupational medicine
Forms
Revalidation
Prizes
Diplomas
Resources
Top Nav
SEQOHS
HWDU
Healthy Working UK
Other Links
2 Lovibond Lane
London
SE10 9FY
Telephone: 020 7242 8698
Email: fom@fom.ac.uk
Faculty of Occupational Medicine of the Royal College of Physicians
Charity Commission No: 1139516 Scottish Charity No: SCO40060 Registered in England No: 07461063 VAT Reg No: 798 6604 62
© 2020 Faculty of Occupational Medicine
Site by Phew
Christmas and New Year Closure
FOM office will be closed from the afternoon of 24th December until Wednesday 2nd January 2019.
We would like to wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year for 2019
CLOSE