http://www.stutteringhelp.org/privacy-statement
Podcast
Sign Up
Virtual Learning
Online CEUs
Streaming Video Library
Privacy Statement
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Tweet
Parents of Preschoolers
Parents of School-Age Children
Just for Kids
Teens
Adults
Teachers
Speech-Language Pathologists
Physicians
Employers
Our privacy policy is fairly simple
We will not sell, rent, trade or give away any of your personal information to third parties for any purpose without your express consent. Currently, our policy is even stricter in that we will not disclose any of your information to any third parties even with your consent. If you have any questions regarding this policy, you may contact us via Email, telephone, fax, or written communication at:
Phone: (901) 761-0343
E-mail: info@stutteringhelp.org.
Mailing address:Stuttering Foundation of AmericaP.O. Box 11749Memphis, TN 38111-0749
Fax: (901) 761-0484
Changes to this Statement
Stuttering Foundation of America will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Stuttering Foundation of America encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Stuttering Foundation of America is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Stuttering Foundation of America welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Stuttering Foundation of America has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Stuttering Foundation of America at info@stutteringhelp.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
CELEBRITY FOCUS
Alan Rabinowitz
Alan Rabinowitz, Ph.D., who passed away in 2018, was an explorer, wildlife conservationist, and author. He established the Hukawng Valley Tiger Reserve in northern Myanmar, which is about the size of the state of Vermont.
His love for animals began when he was very young.
Bill Withers
While Bill Withers has long been on the Stuttering Foundation's list of Famous People Who Stutter, many people probably didn’t realize he stuttered. He passed away on March 30, 2020.
Born in 1938 in Slab Fork, W.V., Withers was the youngest of six children. When his father died when Withers was small, he was raised by his mother and grandmother, both of whom worked as domestics.
Winston Churchill
Seeking to "remove Winston Churchill's stutter by second guessing the diagnosis" indicates neither a truthful retelling of history nor an informed opinion about a complex speech disorder, say experts in the field of speech-language pathology.
Recent news reports that quote Dr. John Mather, a Washington physician, as saying that Churchill's stutter "is a lie" brought adamant critical response from specialists in the field of stuttering and fluency disorders.
Emily Blunt
Actress Emily Blunt struggled with stuttering early in her life. A teacher encouraged her to act in a school play at age 12 despite her stuttering.
Blunt’s name is prominently featured on the Stuttering Foundation's list of Famous People Who Stutter.
Lewis Carroll
The recent Disney version of Lewis Carroll’s classic, Alice in Wonderland, garnered a great deal of media hype. Even though the mainstream media has not made mention that Carroll was a person who stuttered, his family history gives credence to the discovery of the genetic link to stuttering. Carroll was born to parents who were first cousins; almost all of their eleven children, three girls and seven boys, struggled with stuttering past childhood.
Famous People Who Stutter