http://www.fairviewhospital.org/about/website/privacy-practices
CORONAVIRUS: DELAYS FOR ROUTINE SURGERIES, VISITOR RESTRICTIONS + COVID-19 TESTING.
Fairview Hospital
Serving the needs of Cuyahoga County and the Greater Cleveland Area for more than 125 years.
Fairview Hospital
Our Doctors
Choose by name, specialty, city and more.
Find a Doctor
Getting to Fairview
Download a map and driving directions.
Getting to Fairview
Get Directions
Guest Services
Find out what we offer.
See Guest Services
Call us at 216.476.7000
Fairview Hospital
18101 Lorain Ave.
Cleveland, Ohio 44111
View Map
Visiting Hours
For our patients' safety and well-being, we have established visiting hours for various areas of the hospital. Before visiting, please review our visiting hour guidelines.
Why choose
Fairview Hospital
Cleveland Clinic Fairview Hospital is now ranked as the No. 4 hospital among Cleveland-area hospitals and the No. 5 hospital in Ohio, according to U.S. News & World Report's “2020-21 Best Hospitals.”
Our Specialties
Our Specialties
Fairview Hospital provides a full spectrum of specialties and programs to meet your medical needs.
View All Specialties
View All Specialties
Proud to be a Magnet® Hospital
Proud to be a Magnet® Hospital
Awarded by the American Nurses Credentialing Center This designation is the highest honor an organization can receive for professional nursing practice. Learn More About Nursing
Excellence in Healthcare That You Have Come to Expect
Excellence in Healthcare That You Have Come to Expect
Founded in 1892, Fairview Hospital is a faith-based community hospital with 488 licensed beds.
We are a fully accredited hospital by The Joint Commission, with a certified Level II Trauma Center. Cleveland Clinic Cancer Center at Fairview Hospital Moll Pavilion, located directly across the street from our main building, is part of the Integrated Network Cancer Program and has been awarded the Outstanding Achievement Award by the American College of Surgeons, Commission on Cancer.
Fairview Hospital's strong clinical Centers of Excellence include:
Birthing Services
Cancer Center
Emergency and Level II Trauma
Heart Center
Surgery
Learn more about Fairview Hospital
Patient & Visitor Resources
Accepted Insurance Plans
View our list of accepted insurance and contracted managed care plans at Cleveland Clinic.
Check Accepted Insurance
Visiting Fairview Hospital
Find important information about visiting hours, identification, contacting a patient and more.
Plan Your Visit
Connect With Your Community
Get updates about Cleveland Clinic, find home remedies and know when to see a doctor.
Like Us on Facebook
Patient Stories
Patient Stories
One-Pound Preemie Heads Home After 124 Days in NICU
Nov 16, 2020
“His homecoming was beautiful. Four months old, and his siblings got to meet him! We’re feeling nothing but happiness.”
Read Story
Fighting Through Hallucinations, Woman Wins Her Battle with COVID-19
Jul 27, 2020
“They didn't treat me well because I was their co-worker. They treated me well because I was in a fight for my life. And I am eternally grateful to them.”
Read Story
College Student is Back to the Books after Palate Reconstruction
Nov 19, 2019
“I think whenever you have to face anything like that, there’s going to be anxiety. But throughout my entire journey, everyone there was outstanding. This is what they specialize in, and they’re so good at it. All the worries I had were wasted energy. Cleveland Clinic exceeded my expectations in every way.”
Read Story
Cleveland Clinic
News & More
Show More
Call Appointment Center 24/7
866.320.4573
Questions
216.444.2200
Request an Appointment
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Snapchat