http://www.adventisthealthcare.com/about/privacy/
You are here:
Home > Website Terms of Service > Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy only relates to the information we collect on-line from this web site. It does not apply to information we may receive through the mail, by fax or telephone, or in person or in any other way or to third-party websites which we link to this web site.
This privacy policy is part of, and subject to, our Terms of Service. It applies to Adventist Facilities as defined in our Terms of Service. Other important provisions of our Terms of Service apply to this Privacy Policy. You should review the Terms of Service with care.
Demographic Data Collection
We collect non-personally identifiable information such as your IP address, the web address of the site that referred you and the site to which you exit, your computer’s operating system web browser (and plug ins), the time of your visit, whether you are a new user or not, the approximate geographic area from which you are logging in, and the areas and files that you visit. This information tells us something about the type of visitors we get and which areas of the site they find most interesting. We use the IP address so that we know where to send information you are requesting. An IP address is often associated with the place from which you enter the Internet such as your ISP (Internet service provider), or your company. This is all demographic information; none of this information is personally identifiable; we do not link this information to any data which identifies you, such as your name. We share this general demographic information with companies that help us understand how our site is working.
We keep this information indefinitely.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes his browser, the cookie simply terminates. Cookies allow the user not to have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects a cookie, the user may still use parts of our site. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information from anyone.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being used, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your experience with this web site more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Your IP address or domain name may be used to analyze this website's traffic patterns and usage, and to help diagnose problems with the Adventist server, and to otherwise improve performance of the site. Website logs may be analyzed and reviewed, but are not sold to third parties.
We have the assistance of consultant parties who help us maintain our web site and the computers on which it operates. Those companies have access to the demographic data described above, and are bound by written confidentiality agreements.
Pre-Admissions Forms
Two of our hospitals, Shady Grove Medical Center and Washington Adventist Hospital, also collect additional personal identifiable information through this site. See our Terms of Service for important information relating to your establishment of an Account, as defined in the Terms of Service. Prospective patients for our maternity wards may fill out a pre-admissions form, which asks for personal information such as name, address, social security number, religion, marital status, insurance policy related information and so on. You can tell what information we ask for when you fill out the form. This information is collected through the web site as a convenience for our patients, and is used the same way as we would use a paper form filled out when the patient was admitted, that is, for medical treatment, billing, and related purposes. That means we share this information with doctors and other medical staff, credit card companies, drug stores, insurance companies, and other companies that help us collect our bills and provide treatment to patients. This personal information is collected through an encrypted link between our computers and yours, which helps protect the confidentiality of the information while it is being transmitted to us. Please review the Notice of Privacy Practices for important information about the use and disclosure of personally identifiable health information to which HIPAA applies.
Additional Web Forms
You may also fill out others forms on this site to request further information about our services and facilities, if you want to set up a tour, or wish to be contacted by us. These forms take your information over a non-encrypted link, and we ask for basic contact information such as your name, address, phone number, and so on.
Email
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with other parties except our consultants.
No Guarantee
Despite our use of commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure, including security measures required by HIPAA to the extent it applies to your personally identifiable information, the internet is not an inherently secure environment and no information system, including ours, is completely secure, and so we cannot guarantee the security of your information. As stated in our Terms of Service, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control. See the Terms of Service for important disclaimers and limitations of our liability as well as provisions relating to resolution of disputes relating to this web site.
Other Sites
This site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. Please be aware when you leave our site, and read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Changes in Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. You can tell when this Privacy Policy is modified by looking at the Effective Date legend at the bottom of the last page. Changes are effective when posted and your use of this web site after posting of changes constitutes your consent to those changes.
Other Disclosures of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information as permitted by law and may also be required to disclose your personal information to governmental or regulatory entities in response to regulatory inquiries in connection with investigations or to comply with applicable law, rules, regulations, orders subpoenas, or other legal processes.
We may disclose all of the information we collect from or about you, including personal information, to third-party service providers which help us maintain our website, host our servers, and deliver information, products, and services to you and other users of our website, and which help us analyze our website traffic. The companies we hire to provide such support services are not allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes and are contractually obligated to protect your personal information.
We do not transfer personal information to third parties for their use as a mailing list or for other advertising purposes. As an exception, your personal information may be used by any company with which we merge, acquire or are acquired by; we may also use it in the event of bankruptcy. In the event our Privacy Policy is modified due to such merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or for any other reason, notice of the revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this website.
We keep personal information for an unlimited time period.
Our website is not designed for children, and we do not seek to collect any information from children including those under the age of 13.
You may be able to access third-party websites directly from our website. We cannot control how third parties may use Personal Information you disclose to them, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third-party web site you visit before using it or disclosing your Personal Information to it.
We take reasonable technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect information collected via this website. When you fill out the pre-registration forms, we use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect your information during transit to our systems.
There are some things that you can do to help protect the security of your information as well. Never give out your password, since this is what is used to access all of your account information. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish surfing the Web, so that other people using the same computer won't have access to your information.
Effective Date: October 1, 2015
In This Section
Website Privacy Policy
Join Our Team
Find a career you’ll love at Adventist HealthCare.
View Open Jobs
2019 Snapshot
4
Hospitals
1,878
Physicians/Medical Staff
6,555
Employees
6,591
Newborns
8,300
Surgical Admissions
14,154
Outpatient Surgeries
23,995
Medical Admissions
105,293
Health & Wellness Encounters
99,053
Volunteer Hours
161,010
Emergency Visits
125,768
Home Health Visits
446,616
Outpatient Visits
766,906
Overall Encounters
$75,563,521
Community Benefit
Download Snapshot
Set Your Location
Update
Set Your Location
Set Location
Update
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
Close
Sign up for updates about Adventist HealthCare and get health tips and news articles in your inbox.
email