http://www.doylesphysio.com/customer-service/terms-of-use.html
CONTACT US
02 9692 9399
0 item(s) ($0.00)
Trustpilot
Used by Health Professionals
Toggle navigation
0 item(s) ($0.00)
HomePhysiotherapy & MassageMusculoskeletal PhysiotherapySports PhysiotherapyBack PainExercise TherapyPost Surgical RehabilitationWork Injuries & Motor Vehicle AccidentsMassage TherapyBiothermored Heat PadBuy BiothermoredBiothermored AdvantageDrug Free Pain ReliefArthritis Pain ReliefFibromyalgia Pain ReliefProduct Size GuideProduct ReviewsInformation VideosFAQOur TeamWhy Doyle'sOur TeamInjury InfoContact Us
Home
Terms Of Use
Terms of Use
In these terms and conditions “Doyle's Physio” means Doyles Physiotherapy Pty Limited ABN 56 075 711 527. The words “you” and “your” mean the person or entity visiting, using or contacting the “Doyle's Physio” website for any purpose.
When you place an order, we will accept that order as final and changes or cancellations cannot be made to the order. By placing an order, you agree to all the terms and conditions as advised by “Doyle's Physio”.
Should a product not be available at the time of placing your order, “Doyle’s Physio” reserves the right to contact you and advise you of your options.
If any item ordered is not in stock at the time of delivery to you, “Doyle’s Physio” may in its absolute discretion:
deliver the balance of the order;
forward the missing item when it comes into stock;
supply an agreed substitute for the item; or
refund you the price of the missing item.
“Doyle’s Physio” may at its absolute discretion, replace any component with a similar alternative. Courier fees and/or postage fees will be charged to you as per your selecion at checkout.
Product Info
All products listed on “Doyle’s Physio” are described to the best of our abilities and the specifications reflect the information that has been provided to us. All care is taken to ensure this information is correct, but we cannot eliminate the possibility of error.
Delivery
“Doyle’s Physio” will arrange to forward your goods using either Australia Post and/or a courier service of our choice. You may be required to sign for the package as proof of delivery. Delivery and/or postage fees will be calculated on total weight and dimension and charged as part of your checkout process. “Doyle’s Physio” delivers to most areas in Australia.
Payment
All prices include GST (goods and services tax) and are quoted in Australian dollars. Please note that we do not store your credit card information on our server.
if the card payment is declined by your issuer for any reason, we cannot hold goods against your order.
We accept all orders by payment directly with Visa and MasterCard or via Paypal. Credit card payments will be processed on the day your order is placed. Goods will be forwarded to you once full payment has been cleared.
The total amount of your order is to be paid at the time of ordering. “Doyle’s Physio” does not accept deposits or part payments for the purchase of any goods.
Pricing
Our prices quoted in our website are current, however they may vary from time to time as determined by “Doyle’s Physio”.
Returns Policy
All Doyle's Physiotherapy products leave our facility in 100% perfect condition. Should any of our deliveries not arrive in 100% perfect condition, then it will be considered the responsibility of the courier and should be discussed directly with them. Any damage claims or product shortfalls must be reported in writing to info@doylesphysio.com within 48 hours after receipt of the goods. All returns must be pre-authorised contacting us directly on 02 9692 9399.
Once goods leave our facility, we offer no refunds other than if the goods are defective. Any goods will not be accepted as returned if they are not returned in their original packaging and completely intact including linings, tags and instructions. If we are unable to replace the goods 'like for like' then we will offer a refund excluding the cost of original shipping. We will offer a refund only if we are unable to replace the defective goods and if we are contacted within 72 hours from the invoice date.
No refunds are offered after 72 hours. No refunds are offered if you have changed your mind about the goods. Refunds will be issued by credit to the credit card used at time of purchase.
We will issue refunds to the extent required by the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth) and the respective state Sale of Goods Act legislation.
Warranty
“Doyle’s Physio” is not responsible for nor does it give any warranty in respect of any materials or other supplies which give rise to:
any damage suffered by any person using any goods supplied by “Doyle’s Physio”
any damage suffered by any person in the conduct of any activity relating to goods supplied by “Doyle’s Physio”
any loss or damage to any material and goods agreed to be supplied by “Doyle’s Physio”, which damage occurs in transit, during delivery or in any other manner after the material has left the offices of “Doyle’s Physio”
replacement goods will only be shipped after the faulty item has been received by “Doyle’s Physio”
For all assistance with warranty and returns please email us at info@doylesphysio.com.
Warranty for our Biothermored products are 12 months from the date of purchase. “Doyle’s Physio” is not responsible for any products returned without a return authorisation (RA) which can be obtained by calling our office on 02 9692 9399.
“Doyle’s Physio” is not liable under this warranty where a defect is caused by fair wear and tear, by careless or improper handling, non-adherence to operating instructions, improper installation or by other abuse or misuse caused by you or a third party.
“Doyle’s Physio” reserves the right to charge you for the cost of examining the goods if it is subsequently revealed that the goods are not defective.
“Doyle’s Physio” is not liable under this warranty where any defect, loss or damage is caused to the goods during delivery or shipping. Refunds and returns or replacements do not include postage and/or handling charges and all such charges are at your expense.
Where a refund is authorised, there may be a delay of up to and possibly exceeding, 28 days from the authorisation date.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify “Doyle’s Physio” against all claims, actions, suits, demands or costs made on or against “Doyle’s Physio” by any person arising from the supply or use of any goods and materials.
“Doyle’s Physio” reserves all rights under trademark and copyright law.
Payment Security
“Doyle’s Physio” uses DigiCert for third party 128 bit or higher SSL Certificates over the Internet. You should check that your browser is compatible with SSL encryption. This is often indicated by a ‘closed lock’ icon at the bottom of your screen.
Privacy Policy
"Doyle's Physio" is committed to protecting the privacy of our clients information. The information we collect is used to facilitate services that we provide to you. We value your privacy and will take all necessary steps to protect it.
Information Collected - We collect personal data through a registration process. We will not sell, transfer, assign or rent your information to any third party without your permission, unless required by law.
Your personal information may be used by "Doyle's Physio" to forward you information by way of regular bulletins or to contact you by telephone or mail.
By visiting our website, you expressly consent to the collection and use by "Doyle's Physio" of personal information according to this policy.
Links to other Websites - This site may from time to time contain links to other websites. "Doyle's Physio" is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any of those websites.
Contact Us - Should you have any questions about "Doyle's Physio", this Privacy Policy or our website, you can Contact Us
Credit Card Fraud
At “Doyle’s Physio” our primary goal is to ensure our many valued customers are assured that transacting with us is a secure, safe and easy procedure.
“Doyle’s Physio” employs DigiCert for third party credit card processing company that uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. They ensure the highest form of encryption possible and this protects your details as they travel over the internet.
Their secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure e-commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
“Doyle’s Physio” will not enter into any transaction on suspicion of use of fraudulent or unauthorised credit card. This includes suspension and cancellation of the transaction and/or prevention of delivery of goods which are the subject of a suspected illegal transaction. “Doyle’s Physio” will take reasonable action to notify relevant authorities and provide all information pertaining to the transaction to facilitate prosecution of the offender.
Disclaimer
“Doyle’s Physio” does not take responsibility for direct or indirect damages and consequential losses suffered by use of fraudulent or unauthorised credit cards. “Doyle’s Physio” does not take responsibility for direct or indirect damages and consequential losses associated with damage to goods occurring during delivery.
By accepting these terms and conditions, you acknowledge that you have sufficient notice of this disclaimer and have entered into this transaction and accepted this disclaimer of your own free will.
Address:
31 Pyrmont Street, Pyrmont, NSW, 2009
Phone:
02 9692 9399
Fax:
02 9692 9001
Email:
info@doylesphysio.com
ABN
56075711527
Doyle's
Biothermored
Subscribe to newsletter >
CONTACT US
02 9692 9399
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseDelivery, returns & exchangesSitemap
Join Our Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email Address