http://www.firstlab.com/privacy-notice/
FSSolutions Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
FSSolutions PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice is effective as of November 1, 2020.
PREAMBLE
Welcome to First Hospital Laboratories, Inc. d/b/a FSSolutions (“FSSolutions”). The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to make you aware of what personal information FSSolutions collects about you through your use of the FSSolutions website (“Site“) and how and for what purposes FSSolutions uses that information.
By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Sites, you acknowledge and consent to our collection and use of information as set forth in this Privacy Notice.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE. DO NOT USE THE SITES IF YOU ARE UNWILLING OR UNABLE TO CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
This Privacy Notice applies only to information collected through the Site and does not apply to information collected by FSSolutions in any other manner.
FSSolutions may revise this Privacy Notice at any time and such revision shall be posted here and accessible via this link: https://www.fssolutions.com/privacy-policy/. Any revision and/or addition to this Privacy Notice shall become effective and binding on you when you continue to use the Sites on or after the effective date of such revision and/or addition. Therefore, it is recommended that you review this Privacy Notice each time you visit the Site.
TERMS OF USE.
Your use of the Site is governed by FSSolutions’ Terms of Use available on the Site and may be accessed via the following link: Terms of Use. The Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is an integral part of the Terms of Use. FSSolutions recommends that you also review the Terms of Use each time you visit the Site.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED.
Information You Choose to Provide to FSSolutions.
When using the Site, you may choose to provide us with Personal Information. Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, address, birthdate, telephone number, email address, social security number, credit card number or other similar information. FSSolutions collects Personal Information that you choose to provide to FSSolutions when you (1) use the Site; (2) contact FSSolutions through the Site such as via an email communication; or (3) register with FSSolutions in order to access certain restricted areas of the Site.
Information Collected Automatically Via Your Use of the Site. FSSolutions may collect information about you when you are using the Site in a number of different ways; for example:
We may collect and track your IP address; and
We may use cookies, web beacons and other tracking tools to monitor and track your access to and usage of the Sites and for the purpose of certain marketing activities.
Information We Collect Automatically. We may now or in the future use tools, including third-party analytical software, to collect automatically certain data about the computer or other device you use to reach our Site, without any active submission of information from you, such as:
Device properties including, but not limited to, unique or other device identifiers;
Device operating system and firmware;
IP address (i.e., a number that is automatically assigned to your device or computer used to access the Site, and allows us to identify your device or computer) and Internet service provider;
Mobile phone carrier;
Geographical data such as country or region; and
Other similar data.
This information may be collected via several technologies, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs and other means. All of this information belongs to us, and we use it to improve effectiveness, content, layout and/or operation of our Site. You can remove certain cookies by following the directions in your Internet browser’s “help” file (see below). If you disable cookies, your ability to use areas of the Site may be limited.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
In general, we do not and will not share your personally identifiable information except as set forth in this Privacy Notice. We do not sell, transfer, and/or share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We use the information we collect from you when you browse our Sites in the following manner:
Categories of Personal Information
Use of Information
Identification information, Users Messages, application usage data (e.g., features/pages accessed by a member), location data (GPS).
To operate and improve the Sites and associated services.
Identification information, User Message, application usage data (e.g., features/pages accessed by a member), location data (GPS).
To understand and analyze information related to the number and type of visitors that browse and use the Sites.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To provide you with information, or services that you request from us, or that may be of interest to you.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To respond to your comments, inquiries and questions and provide client services.
Name, phone number, mailing address, email address.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Sites and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information may be important to your use of the Sites, you may not opt-out of receiving these communications.
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, demographic information
To link or combine with other personal information we get from third-parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better information on the Site.
User Contributions
To post on the Sites and transmit to others, including third-parties and other users.
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, demographic information
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or for which you have given us consent to use it.
You can opt-out of certain use(s) of your personal information, as described below.
How We Use Automatically Collected Information
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and generally does not contain personal information. However, we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. We will use this automatically-collected information to improve our Sites and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Sites according to your individual interests;
Speed up your searches; and
Recognize you when you return to our Sites.
COOKIES.
FSSolutions uses cookies on the Site. “Cookies” are small data files that FSSolutions transfers to your computer through your internet browser. The cookies are downloaded and stored on your computer and allow FSSolutions to recognize your browser when you visit the Site so that FSSolutions may provide you with a personalized user experience based on your past visits and uses of the Site.
FSSolutions uses cookies to track, record and store information about your preferences, session information, pages you accessed or visited on the Site, past activity on the Site and Content preferences. Cookies save you time as they help us to remember who you are. Cookies help us to be more efficient. We can learn about what content is important to you and what is not. If you are concerned about cookies, you can turn them off in your browser.
Third-Party Cookies
This Site may use third-party cookies to provide analytical information to FSSolutions. Currently, the Site uses the following third-party for this purpose:
FSSolutions uses the services of Results Repeat in order to help us understand how users interact with this website.
These services enable us to understand the user experience and determine how best to provide relevant and engaging content. Results Repeats’ complete privacy policy is available at https://resultsrepeat.com/privacy-statement/.
Google Analytics – The cookies collect information in an anonymous form but include data such as how you arrived at the Site, how often you’ve visited, and which pages you looked at. We use the information to compile reports using Google Analytics. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics on the FSSolutions website, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
This website uses the analytics services of Jess (https://getjess.com) in order to help us understand how users interact with this website.
These services enable us to understand the user experience and determine how best to provide relevant and engaging content.
Jess analyzes data collected from user behavior, such as how often users visit our site, which content they view, the web browser and other hardware or software used to view our site, the user’s geographic location, and other information.
Jess collects hardware and software identifiers (such as cookies, IP addresses, and device information) and then uses a process called pseudonymization to remove your personally-identifiable information from the user profile that they share with us.
Jess does not share or sell your data with others.
Jess’ complete privacy policy is available at https://getjess.com/privacy/.
Accepting, Blocking and Revising Cookies
You may adjust, delete, and revise the cookies used by the Site by adjusting the cookies setting on your internet browser to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, to notify you when you receive a new cookie or to disable cookies altogether. However, you should be aware that if you block or otherwise reject cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of essential features of the Site.
The following links explain how to block cookies in your browser:
How to block cookies in Internet Explorer
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
How to block cookies in Chrome
https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647&p=cpn_cookies
How to block cookies in Firefox
http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
How to block cookies in Safari
https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION.
FSSolutions may also use any of the Personal Information or other information collected about you for any of the following purposes:
To personalize your experience on the Site
To improve the Site
To improve FSSolutions’ customer service
To process your transactions on the Site
To send periodic emails
Except as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Notice or a separate agreement you have entered into with FSSolutions, FSSolutions will not sell, disseminate, disclose, trade, transmit, transfer or share any Personal Information about you to any third party unless the release of such information is: (i) specifically authorized by you; (ii) necessary to complete the transactions requested by you; (iii) required either by law or to comply with legal process served on FSSolutions; (iv) necessary to protect or defend the rights or property of FSSolutions; (v) required by exigent circumstances or to protect individual personal safety or the public; or (vi) otherwise permitted by this Privacy Notice.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, FSSolutions may aggregate any or all of your Personal Information for any purpose provided such Personal Information is de-identified such that it is no longer identifiable as your Personal Information.
FSSolutions may contact you, from time to time, on behalf of itself or external business partners, about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. FSSolutions may share data with trusted partners to help it perform statistical analysis, send you e-mail or postal mail, provide customer support or arrange for delivery of other information. All such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except to provide these services to FSSolutions and are required to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY TERMS.
There may be areas of the Site that require you, in order to access those areas, to register and create an account with FSSolutions and to affirmatively agree to additional terms and conditions that govern that area of the Site, including additional terms related to privacy issues, (“Additional Privacy Terms”) prior to you being permitted to access and use those areas of the Site. Those Additional Privacy Terms will be considered part of this Privacy Notice for you. If there is a conflict between this Privacy Notice and any Additional Privacy Terms, the Additional Privacy Terms shall govern and control with respect to your access and use of the portion of the Site to which such Additional Privacy Terms apply.
SECURITY.
FSSolutions understands your interest in keeping Personal Information secure. FSSolutions makes every effort to protect the security of your Personal Information by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software that will encrypt the information you provide to FSSolutions through the Site. FSSolutions has implemented technology, including advanced encryption, security and firewall technology, and security policies and procedures to reduce the risk of unauthorized access, use or disclosure or the accidental loss or destruction of your Personal Information. FSSolutions will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with all applicable regulatory standards to guard your Personal Information.
FSSolutions accepts credit card payments. To do so, FSSolutions uses a third party provider, Nodus Technologies. This Site is not intended to collect, maintain, or transmit any information related to your credit card, banking information, or other related financial information. FSSolutions will reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming your order. However, FSSolutions will transmit the entire credit card number and relevant information to the applicable credit card company in connection with processing your order.
NOT WITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, FSSOLUTIONS DOES NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY SUCH WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL BE PROTECTED AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, MISUSE, LOSS OR ALTERATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY USING THIS SITE, THAT NO SECURITY SAFEGUARDS OR METHOD OF TRANSMISSION OVER THE INTERNET ARE COMPLETELY SECURE. UNFORTUNATELY, THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION VIA THE INTERNET IS NOT COMPLETELY SECURE. ALTHOUGH WE DO OUR BEST TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OUR SITES. ANY TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SAFETY AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION ALSO DEPENDS ON YOU. WHERE WE HAVE GIVEN YOU (OR WHERE YOU HAVE CHOSEN) A PASSWORD FOR ACCESS TO CERTAIN PARTS OF OUR SITES, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR KEEPING THIS PASSWORD CONFIDENTIAL. WE ASK YOU NOT TO SHARE YOUR PASSWORD WITH ANYONE.
CHILDREN.
FSSolutions does not intend that its Site be used by children under the age of 18. FSSolutions does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If FSSolutions becomes aware that a user under the age of 18 has submitted Personal Information to FSSolutions via the Site, FSSolutions will notify such user that he/she is ineligible to use the Site and that FSSolutions is not interested in receiving his/her Personal Information. Thereafter, FSSolutions will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete and expunge any Personal Information related to such child from FSSolutions’ records.
THIRD PARTY LINKS.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may link to third party sites or content on the Sites. We may do this for the convenience of you and other users of the Sites, but we do not have control over the operation of these third-party websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy notices. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Sites and welcome any feedback about these third party sites. We urge you to review the privacy notices posted on these third-party websites at the time you first visit such sites.
OPT-OUTS AND REVISIONS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION.
If you do not want to receive email communications from FSSolutions, you may contact us via an email at the email address set forth in the Notice provision below with an opt-out request that specifies the email address at which you do not wish to receive email communications. FSSolutions will make a good faith effort to honor all such opt-out requests. Please keep in mind, however, that if subsequent to submitting an opt-out request, you re-submit your email address again to FSSolutions, you may begin to receive email communications again until you submit a new opt-out request. If you wish to revise Personal Information that you have provided to FSSolutions, please send an email communication to the email address set forth in the Notice provision below detailing the Personal Information to be changed and the change to be made. FSSolutions will make a good faith effort to ensure those changes are made.
SALE OR TRANSFER OF INFORMATION.
In the event of a sale, merger, dissolution, liquidation of FSSolutions or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of FSSolutions, any or all of the Personal Information and Use Data collected about you through your use of the Site may be sold, transferred or assigned to a third party in connection with such sale, merger, dissolution, liquidation of FSSolutions or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of FSSolutions. By using this Site, you affirmatively consent to any such sale, assignment, or transfer.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws provides California residents (i.e., consumers) with specific rights regarding personal information. This section of the Privacy Notice describes those CCPA rights and how to exercise those rights. This section does not apply to publicly available information.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
California residents have the right to request that FSSolutions disclose certain information to you about FSSolutions’ collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once FSSolutions receives and confirms a verifiable consumer request from you, FSSolutions will disclose to you, to the extent permitted by law:
The categories of personal information FSSolutions collected about you.
The categories of sources for your personal information FSSolutions collected about you.
FSSolutions’ business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom FSSolutions shares your personal information.
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You shall have the right to request that the information described above be provided to you in a portable and readily useable format, to the extent technically feasible (“data portability”).
FSSolutions does not sell your personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that FSSolutions delete certain of your personal information that FSSolutions collected from and/or related to you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
To the extent that FSSolutions can delete your personal information, once FSSolutions receives and confirms your verifiable consumer request, FSSolutions will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected your personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, or take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Your Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to FSSolutions by either:
Contacting us at dataprivacy@fssolutions.com; or
Calling FSSolutions, at 800.732.3784 ext. 97603.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows FSSolutions to reasonably verify you are the person about whom FSSolutions collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that FSSolutions to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
FSSolutions cannot respond to your request or provide you with your personal information if FSSolutions cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Any disclosures provided pursuant to the CCPA will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable consumer request.
FSSolutions will respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt or notify you that FSSolutions requires more time to respond and the reason for the extended response time. FSSolutions will deliver its written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
To the extent that your verifiable consumer request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded, FSSolutions may charge a reasonable fee to respond to such request.
FSSolutions will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, FSSolutions will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Notice you may contact us using the information below:
Via email at dataprivacy@fssolutions.com
Or
Via postal mail at
FSSolutions
Attention Privacy Officer
1192 Hansen Road, Suite 100
Green Bay, WI
54304
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.
By clicking on Accept, you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in the Cookies Section of our Privacy Notice.
You may choose to disable Cookies, however, please note that without cookies some of the website’s
features will be unavailable to you. You may adjust, delete, and revise the cookies used by the Site by adjusting the cookies setting on your internet browser at any time.
Please read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Notice for full details. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.