http://www.mercy-williston.org/patients-visitors/our-patients/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
CHI St. Alexius Health Williston
1301 15th Avenue West, Williston, ND 58801
Home
Locations
Williston
Text Size
Print
Share
smallS
mediumM
largeL
Welcome to
CHI St. Alexius Health Williston
CHI St. Alexius Health Williston has been proudly serving our community since 1920. CHI St. Alexius Health Williston proudly provides primary care, family medicine, 3D mammography, orthopedics, neurology, and an array of other health services to keep you living your best life.
Need a walk-in clinic near me? Drop by our medical center today. We provide a host of health care solutions for you and your family. We are dedicated to expanding services and updating our technology so we can better serve our patients in the years to come.
For nearly a century, we have stayed true to our founding mission, caring for everyone who comes through our doors. We compassionately provide you with solutions, giving you the right tools to enjoy an exceptional, healthy lifestyle.
See our list of facilities below to learn more about services we offer:
CHI St. Alexius Health Williston Medical Center
Leonard P. Nelson Cancer Center
Urology Clinic - Williston
Williston Clinics
Williston General Surgery
Williston Interventional Pain Management
Williston MedQuest Home Medical Equipment
Williston Neurology Clinic
Williston Orthopedic Clinic
Williston Occupational Health Services
Williston Rehab Services
Click on the image below to view the document:
Better You
VISIT YOUR PROVIDER FROM THE COMFORT OF YOUR HOME
Whether you are a new patient or you need to see your regular provider for a non-urgent, medical issue, you can do so from the comfort of your home, via the Zoom app, on your phone or computer. Call your clinic to schedule. CLICK HERE to learn more.
Williston Baby Gallery
Newborn Baby Gallery
Our newborn baby photo process has changed. We will list each baby with the required information. We welcome you to our littlest patients.
As a new baby arrives, CHI St. Alexius Health Williston gives friends and family members near and far away a chance to view the newest arrival to their family. Parents will be provided the opportunity to email a newborn photo of their little one to us to post on our website.
CLICK HERE to view babies born at CHI St. Alexius Health Williston and view the baby's picture and birth announcement information or use the feature on the left side for a more precise search of the child or other children born in our region.
Photos are kept on this site for 60 days in all participating locations.
Contact
1301 15th Avenue West, Williston, ND 58801
701.774.7400
800.544.3579
Facebook
Our History
Billing Questions
Visiting Specialist Calendars
Chapel and Mass Times
Community Health Needs Assessment
Volunteers
Gift Shop
Careers in Williston
Working and Living in Williston
Flu Not You
Wellness Blood Draw
Patient Portal
DAISY Award for Nursing
Birth Place Virtual Tour
Williston
Baby Gallery
Williston Foundation
Our Services
Find a Provider
Clinics & Facilities
Classes and Events
News
Quick Links
About Us
Baby Gallery
Careers
Clinics & Facilities
Find a Provider
Make an Appointment
Medical Records
Patient Portals
Pay Your Bill
Send an e-Card