https://www.asyr.ca/disclaimer-privacy/
Visit our Program Calendar for details on upcoming programs and groups
View Full Calendar
Home > Disclaimer & Privacy
Disclaimer & Privacy
Disclaimer
All materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned by Addiction Services for York Region or other individuals or entities. Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any document found on this site is expressly prohibited, unless Addiction Services for York Region or the copyright owner of the material has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit or republish the material. All other rights reserved.
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of Addiction Services for York Region appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate the agency’s sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, with the agency’s prior express written permission.
Although this website may feature links to other sites, Addiction Services for York Region takes no responsibility for the content, accessibility or information contained on those sites, as we do not exercise editorial or other control over these sites.
This website provides information and services in furtherance of our mission. We make no representations about the suitability or accuracy of the information on this site for any purpose.
If you see any objectionable, inaccurate or improperly functioning content or features on this site, please contact ASYR at 905-841-7007 or info@asyr.ca as soon as possible.
Privacy
Addiction Services for York Region respects the privacy of visitors to its website. We strongly believe that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, the agency has implemented the following protocol:
About the Information We May Collect
Most of the data and information we collect through our website is used only to help us achieve our mission. It is our policy to collect and store only personal information that our clients knowingly provide.
Casual Website Visitors and General Users
We do not collect any personal information from users browsing our website. When you use the public areas of our website, you are doing so anonymously. We do collect aggregate use information, such as the number of hits (visits) per page. We use aggregate data for internal and marketing purposes, but we don’t collect any personally identifying information.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your computer when you logon to a website that allow us to identify you when you return to the site. We do not use cookies to track your usage or any other personal information about you.
Back to Top