https://www.diabeteshopefoundation.com/privacy
HOME
About Us
About
Board Of Directors
Message From The Chair
Highlights And Timeline
Annual Reports
Our Sponsors
Alumni Spotlight
Programs & Events
Scholarship Program
2020 Scholarship Winners
How to Apply
Testimonials
Mentorship Program
Online Application
Testimonials
Peer Support Program
Covid 19 and Diabetes
Wellness Wednesday Webinars
Type 1 Buddies
Online Application
DHF Events
Evening Of Hope
Alumni Symposium
Speaker Commitment Form
Speaker Biographies
Symposium RSVP Form
Swing Of Hope
Transition Resources
Transition Resource Guide
Type 1 Youth Resources
Contact Us
Donate Now
Shopping cart
close
Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on September 22, 2020.
Purpose
It is the established policy of Diabetes Hope Foundation to respect and protect the right to privacy of our visitors and to be compliant with all applicable laws and best professional practices pertaining to the same.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://diabeteshopefoundation.com.
What data do we collect?
We collect the data necessary to service our website users. This data includes contact information and service preferences, and other data related to the conduct of the business of Diabetes Hope Foundation.
How and why do we collect it?
Analytics
We use Google analytics services.
Website users who don’t want their data collected with Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Comply with Law
To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
View Cookie Policy >
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Forms
1. Contact Forms – We keep contact form submissions for a 1 year period for customer service purposes, but we do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
2. Email Marketing Opt-In Forms – All email marketing opt-in forms used on this site, such as popups, floating bars, inline-forms, and others, require explicit consent from users before adding them to our mailing list. This is done with either:
A checkbox that user has to click before opt-in; or,
Requiring double-optin to your email list
Information gathered is used strictly for that purpose for which it was intended. We do not share the information submitted on an opt-in form with any third parties.
Subscribers to email marketing my unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email.
3. Marketing and Promotions
For marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third party products and services.
4. Media
If you upload images or other media to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
5. Prevent Misuse
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
6. Provide our Services
To provide you the services we offer on the website, communicate with you about your use of the website, respond to your inquiries, provide troubleshooting, and for other customer service purposes.
Who do we share your data with?
Your data is shared with third parties who help us to analyze data, follow-up with you and provide better customer service to you including:
Google Analytics: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Convio Online Fundraising, Donor Management & Database, Email Marketing: http://events.convio.com/site/PageNavigator/privacypolicy
Survey Monkey: https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/
How Long Do We Retain Your Data?
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
While laws like the GDPR and CCPA have “right to erasure,” we are not required to erase records needed for other aspects of our business such as: charges disputed by a customer, tax audition, or for other legal concerns. View Terms of Use >
We keep contact form entries for six months, analytics records for a year, and customer purchase records for ten years.
What rights do you have over your data?
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
GDPR and CCPA User Data Request
Should you wish to have data access, have data forgotten or data rectified in comments, posts and our database, please submit a request to info@diabeteshopefoundation.com.
Where do we send your data?
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service, such as Askimet: https://automattic.com/privacy/
How do we protect your data?
Diabetes Hope Foundation maintains web based data entry forms as applicable to the conduct of the business of Diabetes Hope Foundation. Online form data is collected and transmitted by secure means. Online form submissions are stored in secure databases with limited access and any sensitive information is encrypted for another layer of protection. We periodically update our membership database using a variety of means to ensure delivery of all publications/correspondence and to better model the demographics of Diabetes Hope Foundation.
Users’ data is also protected by our SSL Certificate (Strong SHA2 & 2048-bit encryption), SiteLock Security (automatically detects and destroys malware), Google Re-Captcha (two-factor authentication), and staff training in data protection.
What data breach procedures do we have in place?
We are required to report certain types of data breaches to relevant authorities within 72 hours, unless the breach is considered harmless and poses no risk to individual data. However if a breach is high-risk, then we must also inform individuals who are impacted right away.
What third parties do we receive data from?
We may receive data from:
Facebook Advertising when using the Facebook pixel placed on ads in Facebook and/or Instagram.
Privacy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Cookies: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Google Analytics
Survey Monkey
Convio
What automated decision making and/or profiling do we do with user data?
No automated decision making occurs on this website.
Who on our team has access?
Administrators on our team have access to the information you provide us to support you.
PIPEDA
There are a number of requirements to comply with the law. Organizations covered by PIPEDA must generally obtain an individual’s consent when they collect, use or disclose that individual’s personal information. People have the right to access their personal information held by an organization. They also have the right to challenge its accuracy.
Personal information can only be used for the purposes for which it was collected. If an organization is going to use it for another purpose, they must obtain consent again. Personal information must be protected by appropriate safeguards.
How the Act applies
PIPEDA applies to private-sector organizations across Canada that collect, use or disclose personal information in the course of a commercial activity.
The law defines a commercial activity as any particular transaction, act, or conduct, or any regular course of conduct that is of a commercial character, including the selling, bartering or leasing of donor, membership or other fundraising lists.
Our responsibilities under The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)
Businesses must follow the 10 fair information principles to protect personal information, which are set out in Schedule 1 of PIPEDA.
By following these principles, you will contribute to building trust in your business and in the digital economy.
The principles are:
Accountability
Identifying Purposes
Consent
Limiting Collection
Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
Accuracy
Safeguards
Openness
Individual Access
Challenging Compliance
How do you contact Diabetes Hope Foundation?
Individuals may contact Diabetes Hope Foundation if you have concerns about privacy. Individuals may contact Diabetes Hope Foundation to opt-out of any or all hard copy and/or electronic correspondence not explicitly related to requests for services.
Diabetes Hope Foundation may be contacted by mail at the following address:
Diabetes Hope Foundation
6150 Dixie Road, Unit 1
Mississauga, ON L5T 2E2
by email at: info@diabeteshopefoundation.com
by phone at: 905-670-0557
Updates
Diabetes Hope Foundation will update this policy, post notice of the changes and post the updated policy to the Diabetes Hope Foundation website.
Close
6150 Dixie Road, Unit 1 Mississauga, ON L5T 2E2
905-670-0557
info@diabeteshopefoundation.comCharitable Reg. 865276372 RR0001
Scholarship Program
How To Apply
2020 Scholarship Winners
Testimonials
Mentorship Program
HOPE Connects
Online Application
Testimonials
Peer Support Program
Covid 19 & Diabetes
Wellness Wednesdays Webinars
Type 1 Buddies
Online Application
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
© Copyright Diabetes Hope Foundation | All Rights Reserved | Design by I&J Designs | Privacy | Cookies | Terms
This site makes use of cookies to give you the best browsing experience. By continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept
Cookie Settings
Scroll To Top
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance