http://www.jcnationwide.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to the content
Terms of Use
Please read these terms of use (“Terms” or “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the jacksoncoker.com website operated by Jackson & Coker LocumTenens, LLC (“us”, “we” or “our”).  By accessing and using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. In addition, when using this website, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such website, including the Privacy Policy, which may be posted and modified from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms.
This site and its components are offered for informational purposes only; this site shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the site and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information.  Links to third-party provided content, including blog posts are not endorsements of any organizations’ services or products by Jackson & Coker LocumTenens, LLC.  Additionally, our website may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owed or controlled by us.  As such, we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Georgia, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding the use of our site and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the use of the site.
These Terms may be updated from time to time.  Any amendments to our Terms of Use will be posted be posted here.  By continuing to access or use our site after revisions become effective signals agreement to be bound by the revised terms.  If you do not agree, please do not use the site.
How may we help?
Call us anytime 1-800-272-2707.
Get in touch
Home
Terms of Use