https://www.mednax.com/policy-statement/
Privacy Statement for MEDNAX, Inc. and its affiliates (“MEDNAX”)
Thank you for visiting our Web sites. We appreciate your interest in our company and our services.
Your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our site. Please review the following Privacy Statement for information about our sites and our practices for collecting, using and disclosing personal information.
By using our sites, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement and any other privacy or data collection policy applicable to any portion of our sites.
Please note that our sites may contain links to other sites and we cannot represent or guarantee that these other sites’ privacy policies will conform to our own.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each linked site you may choose to visit.  These links are provided for your convenience.  The information, products and advertisements contained in linked sites are neither approved nor endorsed by MEDNAX.
Information That We Collect and How We Use It.
We gather user information needed to provide a better experience on our sites, to provide the services that we believe will be of interest to our users and to administer our business. When you visit our sites, we may collect two types of information from you: “anonymous information” and “personally identifiable information.”Anonymous information refers to information that does not identify you or any other visitor to our sites. Through the use of computer “cookies,” we collect data, such as your IP address (e.g., whether you are logged on from a .com, .gov or .edu domain), referral data (e.g., the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking a link to Pediatrix.com), and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform). This information is reviewed in aggregate to help us look for trends so that we can improve our sites and your experience. We also may collect aggregate search terms from referring search services for internal reporting and improvement of our search engine placement. Additional information regarding computer cookies is described below.
Personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, E-mail address, city, state, specialty or hospital affiliation. We may collect personally identifiable information through online forms located throughout our sites. Personally identifiable information will only be collected to the extent that we deem it reasonably necessary to serve a legitimate business purpose. Such purposes include but are not limited to, advertisement of: career opportunities, tradeshow/exhibitor events, educational course offerings and professional development awards for neonatal Nurse Practitioners and physicians, as well as the dissemination of peer review features, and CQI initiative updates.
This policy may be amended from time to time. Any changes will be posted on the MEDNAX website.
While visiting our sites, if you give us personally identifiable information in order to receive information or services from us, we will collect and store that data. We will not provide it to any third party without your permission. We do not automatically collect your personal e-mail address simply because you visit our sites.
If we partner with a third party to provide services and you request those services, we will share your name and other contact information as necessary for our partner to provide the requested services to you.
By using these sites, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as detailed in this Notice.
“Cookies.”
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your hard drive. We may store some information on users’ computers in the form of a cookie or similar text file.
The cookies that are configured by us do not contain any personally identifiable information, such as your name, or sensitive information, such as your credit card number. Since cookies are only text files, they cannot run on your computer, search your computer for other information or transmit any information to anyone. The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our sites and provide you with a customized experience that we hope will be of value to you. For example, they allow us to recognize you when you link to Pediatrix University. If you visit Pediatrix University from a computer other than the one you used at the time of registration, you will be redirected to the registration section (since that computer will not have the cookie). You will then be able to select a link to complete the login process without having to re-register.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you reset your browser to refuse cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience at our sites.
Modification of Your Personally Identifiable Information.
You may, upon request, review and correct the personally identifiable information that has been collected from you during the course of using our sites. This process may not, however, compromise the security, integrity and privacy of our proprietary databases or databases licensed from third parties. Please contact information@mednax.com for more information.
Security.
We are committed to the use of recommended industry-standard security and data protection products to protect your information from unauthorized third parties.  When you submit personally identifiable information via these sites your information is kept in a secure environment both online and off-line. Messages that you send to us by e-mail, however, may not be secure. If you choose to send any personally identifiable information to us via e-mail, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept and use this information.
If you purchase products and/or services from us and choose to pay on-line with a credit card, we utilize recommended standard security and data protection products to handle these transactions. None of your credit card information can be accessed or released without your consent, and all information is stored in a secure database behind a firewall.
Public Forums.
These sites may contain message boards, discussion groups and similar forums for users to post information.  Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes publicly available. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information in these areas. We do not maintain or routinely monitor information posted on any message board or discussion group on our sites; however, we reserve the right to remove any postings that we deem inappropriate.We do not warrant the validity or accuracy of information posted by users of our sites.
Protected Health Information.
Certain health information that you may provide us during your use of our sites is subject to our Notice of Privacy Practices  for protected health information.
Information Regarding Children.
Neither these sites nor their services are designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13.  We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know is under the age of 13.
Terms and Conditions of Use.
Click here to view the Terms and Conditions  of use of our sites.
Rights Reserved.
© 2019 MEDNAX Services, Inc.  All rights reserved.  The text, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on our sites.are subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These materials may not be copied in whole or in part for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites.
Find a Clinician
Find a Practice
Request for Proposal
X