http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-aids/aarp
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
19
www.HealthyHearing.com
Adults celebrating a birthday
People with hearing loss often wait seven to 10 years after noticing the first symptoms to seek out help. That's a long time without being able to hear friends and family members—and not an ideal way to enjoy retirement.
If you're a member of AARP, hearing aids
are available at a discount through their
hearing care program.
Fortunately, AARP members can take advantage of one of the most comprehensive hearing care programs available today—including discounted hearing aids—by visiting a participating clinic.
The AARP Hearing Care Program provided by HearUSA is available exclusively at participating clinics, please see AARP's hearing program website for a list.
AARP hearing aid program coverage and discounts
The discount includes:
Members save 20% on the retail price of hearing aids
a free hearing check-up
a free cleaning and check of current hearing aids
a free demonstration of the latest hearing aid technology
a risk-free 90-day trial
a 1-year extended follow-up care at no additional charge
a 3-year manufacturer warranty
a free 3-year supply of batteries
Finding a participating clinic for the AARP program
AARP's website also has an easy-to-use appointment setter that allows you to pick your state and find the closest hearing care professional that is covered under your insurance plan. All clinics listed on the site are licensed professionals who offer state-of-the-art technology and services. In addition, there is an online screening exam that can help individuals determine their level of hearing. The five-minute screening can be conducted via a questionnaire or with headphones.
Hearing aids do more than just help your hear
Read more about the health benefits of hearing aids.
Another hearing benefit of the AARP Hearing Care Program ensures individuals will not become isolated due to their hearing loss. Research conducted by The National Council on Aging shows that people who struggle with hearing loss but do not receive treatment may feel isolated or depressed. According to the study, 30 percent of those with hearing loss who did not wear hearing aids felt isolated while only 22 percent of those with hearing aids had those feelings.
Social interaction is incredibly important for people's health and well-being. Those who are older than 50 may be living alone, which could lead to injury or illness. The AARP Foundation understands the great importance of staying in contact with friends, family members and the community to live a healthy life. The organization commissions research that addresses social isolation and finds ways to prevent it.
What do I need to know about buying hearing aids?
AARP online community
AARP's website provides a number of valuable resources to people over the age of 50. There are message boards to keep in contact with others on the website and popular discussions that allow individuals to share jokes, music and new books with other members. The information is directed toward the over 50 demographic, and includes travel, dating and health advice. This can be very beneficial to those with hearing loss because it serves as an outlet to get in touch with others, without relying on hearing. Plus, it provides a gateway to meet others with hearing loss. Social media and online interaction can very helpful to those with hearing loss.
Additionally, the website provides state-specific information including sessions to attend, caregiving tips, forums and local events.
AARP membership
AARP is a trusted name in the healthcare industry, which is why the foundation is able to provide many Americans with affordable healthcare. Being a member of AARP allows you to take advantage of the close relationship that AARP has with leading companies by having access to a number of health products, discounts and services at a low rate. Along with the discount plan from AARP for hearing aids, there are some additional benefits of an AARP membership to consider:
Discounts: You will have access to discounts at a number of restaurants, drug stores, entertainment facilities, shops and more.
Health products: Dental insurance, fitness discounts, medical supply services, hearing discounts and vision discounts are all available.
Travel benefits: AARP members may receive discounted rates at hotels and resorts as well as lower prices on rental cars. Flights, cruises and tours are also available at a lower rate.
Financial services: Credit cards, lifetime income options, life insurance, auto insurance and college savings solutions are available.
Programs and events: Career fairs and free webinars are available for career advancement.
Insurance products: Health, life, auto, home, mobile home, long-term care, motorcycle and property insurance are all available.
Publications: AARP magazines provide insight and helpful information for members that make it easier to cope with challenging situations
AARP provides a laundry list of health-related products, services and healthcare tools that can help you determine the right type of coverage and cost that suits your lifestyle while calculating your savings. Additionally, there is a health insurance terms glossary that will help you decipher hard to understand language when choosing a plan. You can also calculate your social security benefits. Products or services that are available for reimbursement by federal programs such as Medicare and Medicaid are not available on an AARP discounted or complimentary basis.
How can I get these benefits?
If you are ready to find out if hearing aids will help you, the first step is to visit a hearing care professional. You can search for a provider in our directory and call to schedule a hearing test. Although not all of Healthy Hearing's clinics are part of the AARP network of providers, they may still honor the benefits of the AARP program or they may have their own benefits and great discounts to offer—just ask! Or, you can visit AARP's hearing program website for help locating a hearing care professional. Either way, don't delay. Getting help with your hearing ability will improve your relationships, career and quality of life.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
You are reading about:
Hearing aids / AARP hearing care program
Related topics
Health benefits Types and styles Technology Wireless Bluetooth Fitting Reviews and comparisons Prices Insurance & financial assistance Medicare VA Cleaning Repairs Batteries Accessories Children Cochlear implants Bone-anchored hearing systems Used hearing aids Hearing aid manufacturers
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Age-related hearing loss
At 89 years old, my father finally got hearing aids—and his life was transformed
8 tips for dealing with restaurant noise when you wear hearing aids
7 tips for getting used to your new hearing aids
Five ways hearing aids may help you live longer
Telephone hearing test delivers accurate results
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
VA
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!