http://www.aamds.org/about-us/operating-policies/donor-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About Us
Operating Policies
AAMDSIF Donor Privacy Policy
AAMDSIF Donor Privacy Policy
The Aplastic Anemia and MDS International Foundation (“AAMDSIF”, “we”, “us”) is committed to respecting the privacy of donors, whether the donation is made online or by any other method.  When you make a financial or in-kind donation, you provide your name and contact information and, depending on the donation, you may provide additional information, such as credit or debit card information.
Other than as detailed below or with a donor’s consent, we will not sell, share or trade our donors’ personal information with any other entity.
We use information collected to contact you regarding past donations, future donation opportunities, any trouble with the processing of your donation, and any other mailings that you may opt-in to receive as part of the donation process.   With respect to credit card and debit card transactions, such information (card number, expiration date, security code and billing address) is used for the sole purpose of completing your donation.
AAMDSIF uses encryption technology to protect donor Personally Identifiable Information and this information is always kept strictly confidential. Donor Personally Identifiable Information is stored on a secure server and is protected by firewalls.  While we employ accepted security procedures and practices, due to the vulnerable nature of information provided online, we cannot guarantee that information you provide, including Personally Identifiable Information, will remain secure under all circumstances.
THIRD PARTY SUPPORT
We use Salsa Labs, Inc. (“Salsa Labs”), a third-party payment processor, to process credit card and debit card donations.  Salsa Labs will need to store and process your name, credit card number, expiration date, security code and billing address.  This information is shared via secure (encrypted) means directly between financial donors and Salsa Labs on our donation page for the sole purpose of completing your donation.  Your credit card information (number, expiration date, security code) is collected directly by Salsa Labs and is stored by Salsa Labs  and not AAMDSIF (although we store sufficient information to ensure that we can identify a transaction so that we can communicate with the payment processor in the event of an inquiry, to include the donor’s name and last four digits of the card).  Please review Salsa Labs’ privacy policy (https://www.salsalabs.com/privacy-policy) prior to providing this information to inform yourself regarding Salsa Labs’ privacy practices and its use of the information you provide as part of your donation via credit card or debit card.
AAMDSIF also uses certain other third-party service providers, such as software and website developers, who help us operate and manage this Site and otherwise support our operations.  Any access to Personally Identifiable Information of our donors by these providers will be restricted to personnel with a legitimate business need to access or modify the information, subject to an agreement obligating that third-party service provider to protect the confidential nature of information provided and not use such information except to assist AAMDSIF in operating and managing our website and our operations.
AAMDSIF PRIVACY POLICY
For more information regarding AAMDSIF’s commitment to privacy and our privacy practices, please our Privacy Policy.
About Us
Our 35th Anniversary
AAMDSIF Staff
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Patient Education Council
Leadership Awards
Financials
Code of Ethics
Operating PoliciesLegal Notices
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Bill of Rights
Whistleblower Policy
Additional Operating Policies
Mission Statement
Our Impact
Patient Guides
Download free patient guides, fact sheets, and research summaries.
Download Now
We Can Help
Sign Up for Email
Request an Info Packet
Contact the Patient Helpline
Talk to a Peer Support Volunteer
Attend a Patient & Family Conference