http://www.pdf.org/privacy
https://secure3.convio.net/prkorg/site/SPageNavigator/2017_donate_form_2.html
Find Resources Near You
Search Our Site
Donate
General Gift
Tribute Gift
Moving
Day
Call Our HELPLINE:
1-800-4PD-INFO (473-4636)
Español
About Us
PD Library
In Your Area
Search
Donate
Español
Menu
Close
Call Our HELPLINE
1-800-4PD-INFO (473-4636)
helpline@parkinson.org
Search Our Site
General Gift
Tribute
Gift
Moving
Day
Understanding Parkinson's
What Is Parkinson's?
Causes
Statistics
Early Signs
Movement Symptoms
Non-Movement Symptoms
Diagnosis
Treatment
COVID-19 & Parkinson's
Understanding Parkinson's
There is a lot to know about Parkinson's disease. Learn about symptoms, how it is diagnosed and what treatment options are available.
Learn More
Living with Parkinson's
Managing Parkinson's
In Your Area
Resources & Support
PD Library
New to Parkinson's
Legal, Financial, & Insurance Matters
My PD Story
Blog
For Caregivers
Living with Parkinson's
While living with PD can be challenging, there are many things you can do to maintain and improve your quality of life and live well with Parkinson's disease.
Learn More
Expert Care
Patient Centered Care
Centers of Excellence
Bringing Care to You
Expert Care Programs
Professional Education
Expert Care
Research shows people with Parkinson’s who seek skilled care are at a lower risk of complications and have better quality of life.
Learn More
Research
Our Commitment to Research
Research We Fund
Parkinson's Outcomes
Project
PD GENEration
Information for Researchers
Apply for a Research Grant
Patient Engagement
Research
Our research has led to breakthroughs in treatment and improved care that bring hope to the entire Parkinson's community.
Learn more
Get Involved
Moving Day Walk
Create Your Own Fundraiser
Run for Parkinson's
Cycle for Parkinson's
Find an Event
Advocate With Us
Community Grants
Volunteer
Find a Chapter
Get Involved
What are you doing to beat Parkinson’s? Get involved to help raise funds and awareness for the 1 million Americans living with Parkinson’s disease.
Learn more
Ways to Give
Donate
Make a Tribute Gift
Support a Moving
Day Walker
IRA Charitable Rollovers
Bequests
Planned Giving
More Ways to Give
Ways to Give
There are many ways you can support the fight against Parkinson’s. Whatever form your gift takes, you can be confident that it goes toward providing crucial resources for those affected by this disease.
Learn more
In your area
About
PD Library
A
A
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
We at the Parkinson's Foundation (the “Foundation”) are committed to respecting the privacy of our website visitors. This page describes our privacy policy regarding the information we collect from you during your visit to our site, how we may use it, and how we will protect the information that you choose to provide us. Our privacy policy has been drafted in accordance with the Better Business Bureau Wise Giving Alliance's Standards for Charity Accountability.
Personally Identifiable Information
The Foundation does not require that you provide personally identifiable information in order to use our website.  Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, zip code,  telephone number, e-mail address and any other information which might be used to identify you individually. You will only be required to provide personally identifiable information to us while using the site in the following five situations: (1) making a donation, (2) ordering from our online store, (3) downloading resources from our PD Library, (4) communicating with the Foundation, and (5) participating in our online forums, each of which is addressed in greater detail below.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
If you decide to support the activities of the Foundation by making a tax-deductible contribution with a credit card, we will need to collect information that is necessary to complete the transaction. If you order materials from our online stores or download resources from our PD Library, we will collect the information needed to complete the transaction.  If you contact the Foundation, we will collect the information necessary to respond to you and also will receive any information you disclose in your message.  When you are making a donation, ordering from our online store, downloading materials from our PD Library, or contacting the Foundation, we will clearly disclose how we intend to use the information that you provide on the page in which it is collected.  In every case, we will take reasonable precautions to prevent your personal information from being intercepted by any third party using standard web techniques, including encryption and firewalls to protect the data.  When the Foundation receives personally identifiable information as described herein, we may use it for purposes related to the Foundation.  For example, we may use this information to contact you to provide you with information we believe may be of interest to you. We may also use your information for compiling data and analyses to better understand and serve your needs.  The Foundation also compiles data to evaluate our performance and measure how well we are accomplishing our mission.
In contrast to the information that we collect to deliver services, we also offer discussion forums (“Forums”) where site visitors can exchange ideas and discuss issues with healthcare providers and allied professionals.  If you provide personally identifiable information in one of our online Forums, you do so at your own risk.  The Foundation cannot be held responsible for personal information posted in the online Forums.  The Forum page contains a disclaimer that also warns of this risk.
Personally identifiable information will never be sold or licensed to any third parties unless the user is first notified and expressly consents to such sale or license.  No other party will be provided with a user’s personally identifiable information, other than the Foundation’s successors and assigns, and its vendors bound by non-disclosure agreements, without the express consent of the user.
Use of Cookies
Like most websites, the Foundation's website may store information on your computer in a small file called a "cookie." Cookies are small text files or data placed by your web browser on your computer to store information that allow a website to recognize whether a certain computer or device has been used to visit the site in the past. Cookies enable websites to keep track of online patterns and preferences and make the personalization of web experiences possible. Cookies are used exclusively to improve the user experience by providing continuity in your browsing the site. If you access the site via a public computer, be sure to click "log off" at the end of your session. The site will warn you not to use the "remember me" functionality (enabled by cookies) if you are at a public computer.
Use of the Online Forum
The Foundation website includes several discussion Forums.  By participating in the Forums, users agree to send and receive messages that are appropriate and related to the Forum topic. The following actions represent examples of unacceptable practices, and may result in the Foundation taking action (including, but not limited to, banning users from participating in Forums) against violators: defaming, harassing, threatening, or otherwise violating the legal rights of others; violating the privacy rights of others; misrepresenting one's identity or background; posting any defamatory, infringing, obscene, false, or unlawful material; selling, advertising, or exchanging any goods or services unless expressly allowed; posting any copyrighted material of a third party.  This list is not exhaustive, is only intended to provide some examples of unacceptable practices, and may be changed at any time with or without prior notice. The Foundation may alter or remove any messages or postings at our discretion, including those we deem to be inappropriate or offensive. Please do not post personally identifiable information in the Forums.  The Foundation cannot be held responsible for the misuse or appropriation of a user’s personally identifiable information that has been posted to a Forum.
Links To Other Sites
As a resource to our visitors, the Foundation may provide links to other websites. Additionally, links to other sites may be posted in the Forums. Links posted in the Forums are not screened by the Foundation and users should only follow such links at their own risk.  For those links that the Foundation posts on its website, we try to carefully choose websites that we believe are useful and meet our high standards for accuracy and relevance. However, because website design and content can change so quickly, we cannot guarantee the standards of every website to which we link. Likewise, we are not responsible for the content of any non-Foundation site. We also cannot guarantee the privacy policies of these other sites and suggest you check the privacy policies of those sites directly and contact the operators of those websites directly if you have any questions about their practices.
Non-Parkinson's Foundation Products and Resources
Any reference to a commercial or noncommercial product, process, service, or company on our website is not an endorsement or recommendation by the Foundation of such product, process, service, or company.
The Foundation does not endorse or recommend products, services, or manufacturers. The Foundation assumes no liability whatsoever for the use or contents of any product or service mentioned on its website.
Communications from the Foundation
If you wish to stop receiving any e-mail or other communications from the Foundation or if you have submitted personally identifiable information through a Foundation website and would like to have that information deleted, please notify us and it will be done promptly.  Click on the "contact us" link in the navigation bar to contact the Foundation.
Data Security
The Foundation takes data security seriously.  Sensitive data, including data that relates to health or other information of individual persons that could be linked to a personal identifier, account or verification of the individual’s identity, collected by the Foundation is stored behind a firewall and protected using secure encryption technologies.  While no security steps can offer absolute protection, we utilize state-of-the-art, industry-standard protocols to prevent unauthorized access to the sensitive information that we hold.  We limit access to sensitive data to those Foundation personnel with a need to know it. We educate our staff about their duty to protect your privacy and provide training regarding the policy described herein.
Logo Usage
Use of the Foundation’s registered trademarks (logos) without the express written permission of the Foundation is prohibited. Please send written requests or questions regarding usage of the logo to Leilani Pearl at lpearl@parkinson.org.
Cancellation Policy
In the event you wish to cancel a recurring credit card payment, please call 1-800-473-4636, email us at contact@parkinson.org or write to the attention of Donor Services, Parkinson’s Foundation, 200 SE 1st Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33131, including your name, address, details of the amount donated, date of the donation, the reason for the request, the card number, expiration date and ccv number.
Changes
The Foundation reserves the right to make changes to this policy without notice.  Changes to this policy may be made as a result of internal audits of the Foundation’s information practices as well as to comply with evolving legal and regulatory requirements.  Any changes to this privacy policy will be reflected in changes on this page and will be effective as of the date that the change takes place.  Please check this privacy page periodically to review any changes that may have been made.
Contact Us
If you have specific questions or concerns about the Foundation's privacy policy, please contact us at the following address:
200 SE 1st Street
Suite 800
Miami, Florida 33131
Toll-free Helpline: 1-800-4PD-INFO (473-4636)
Fax: (305) 537-9901
E-mail inquiries: contact@parkinson.org
Donor Privacy Policy
State Fundraising Notices
Book traversal links for Privacy & Terms of Use
Donor Privacy Policy ›
Next
Donor Privacy Policy
State Fundraising Notices
Help Us Make a Difference
We need your help – more than ever – in helping us raise awareness to beat Parkinson's disease and ensuring a better future, today.
Help Support Us
Cookies
This site uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. By clicking "Allow", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts.
Allow
Subscribe here to get the latest news on treatments, research and other updates.
Questions? Call our Helpline:1-800-4PD-INFO (473-4636)
©
Parkinson's Foundation
FL: 200 SE 1st Street, Ste 800, Miami, FL 33131, USA
NY: 1359 Broadway, Ste 1509, New York, NY 10018, USA
contact@parkinson.org
The Parkinson's Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. EIN: 13-1866796
Press Room
PD Conversations
Store
Sign In
Privacy & Terms
Contact Us
Connect With Us:
Press Room
PD Conversations
Sign In
Privacy & Terms
Contact Us
©
Parkinson's Foundation
FL: 200 SE 1st Street, Ste 800, Miami, FL 33131, USA
NY: 1359 Broadway, Ste 1509, New York, NY 10018, USA
contact@parkinson.org
The Parkinson's Foundation is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. EIN: 13-1866796