http://www.drbalternatives.com/privacy.html
Counseling Services
Infidelity Self-Help
Support Group
Membership
Member Area
What's New
Articles
Online Store
Telephone
Consultations
Infidelity Reflections
(Book)
Straight Talk About
Betrayal (Book)
Suggested Reading
Advertising/
Sponsorship
Helpful Links
>>>Panic Button<<<
About Donna
Bellafiore
Privacy Policy
Homepage
DRB Alternatives, Inc. is firmly committed to protecting your privacy. We operate our Web site,
drbalternatives.com, according to the following terms. Your access and use of our site implies
your consent.
DRB Alternatives, Inc. keeps any and all personal identification information collected from
our site completely confidential. We do not willfully disclose personal identification information
to any third party. When you submit information such as name and address in connection with
an online purchase, telephone consultation you acknowledge
the information may be stored and processed by DRB Alternatives, Inc. and/or its trusted vendor(s).
Our vendors have assured us that their firewall security is state of the art.
Telephone Consultations
DRB Alternatives, Inc. follows the ethical standards of confidentiality of the National Association
of Social Workers.
While DRB Alternatives, Inc. is not entering into a traditional psychotherapy relationship,
mental health professionals are mandated reporters and United States law requires that any suspicion
of risk of child or elder abuse be reported to welfare authorities or law enforcement authorities.
If a professional believes that a child or elder is at risk of being abused, has already been
abused, or that someone who previously abused children or elders is still a threat, they will
often make an effort to report it to social services agencies and/or the police.
Most United States courts have the power to subpoena our records and a professional's records
if you are involved in a court case in which your relationship with or the professional is
somehow relevant. Although this may be rare, if you have any questions, it is better to contact
your lawyer prior to disclosing any information you may deem private.
If someone's life is in danger, the professional may choose to report it. This applies to
potential cases of suicide or homicide.
If you are seriously considering suicide right now, please log off your computer and telephone
your local police or emergency medical service.
Email messages sent to DRB Alternatives, Inc. are not secure or encrypted. To protect your
personal privacy, we suggest that you do not submit personal information via email to us at
our email address (lcsw@mindspring.com).
For a confidential discussion click here.
DRB Alternatives, Inc. forbids individuals under age 18 from participating in its online support
group(s). Any information posted to the support group message board(s) is available to all persons
accessing our members only area. Your messages or online chats will not be open for public viewing.
As a participant, you agree to take responsibility for protecting your privacy via anonymous
posts. DRB Alternatives, Inc. cannot be held liable for the disclosure of personal identification
information on its message board(s) or online chat community.
All updates to DRB Alternatives, Inc.'s privacy policy will be posted here.
Disclaimer
DRB Alternatives, Inc. and Donna Bellafiore cannot provide traditional psychotherapy or counseling
services via telephone. All consultations are for educational and informational purposes only.
We always recommend an in-office (face-to-face) psychosocial assessment for the diagnosis and
treatment of any mental health problem.
Last update:
March 21, 2002
"Feel free to get in touch today!" -- Donna Bellafiore
(561) 685-3933 or send e-mail to: lcsw@mindspring.com
Services
| Infidelity Support Group | Online Store | Articles | Advertising/Sponsorship
| Links | Panic Button
| Homepage
--- Privacy Policy ---
DRB Alternatives, Inc.
(561) 685-3933 (9-5 ET)
Copyright © 1998 - 2022
Donna R. Bellafiore
All Rights Reserved
www.drbalternatives.com