http://www.averastlukes.org/patients-visitors/privacy/
Skip to Content
I want to...
Find COVID-19 Resources
Pay My Bill
Request My Medical Records
Send a Greeting
Request a Prayer
Donate to Avera
Find a Job
Main Navigation
Health Services
Find a Doctor
Find a Location
Patients & Visitors
Find a Health Plan
For Health Care Professionals
Urgent, Evening & Weekend Care
Depending on COVID-19 spread, visitation may not be allowed at Avera locations. Please check with the facility before visiting.Use this COVID-19 resource if you have symptoms or have been exposed. View a list of clinic and facility closures.
You are here:
Home > Find a Location > Avera St. Luke's Hospital
Avera St. Luke's Hospital
Avera St. Luke’s Hospital
Contact Avera St. Luke’s
Contact us online or call Avera St. Luke’s Hospital in Aberdeen, SD, at 605-622-5000.
Contact Us Online
Avera St. Luke’s Hospital delivers comprehensive health care and extensive medical specialty services to residents of northeastern South Dakota and surrounding areas of Minnesota and North Dakota.
Innovative Health Services Close to Home
No matter where you live, whether in a rural location or the Aberdeen community, you and your doctor can rely on Avera St. Luke’s for the vital care you need, right here at home.
Get fast access to a wide range of specialists at Avera St. Luke’s through our innovative eCARE™ telemedicine services, available at more than 150 Avera clinics and doctor offices across the region.
In the Aberdeen area, you can visit the hospital or one of our affiliated primary care clinics, physician offices or urgent care locations.
Avera St. Luke’s is the only hospital in Aberdeen to offer 24/7 heart care. Heart attack signs and symptoms:
Pain, pressure, squeezing, tightness or heaviness in the chest, jaw or neck
Difficulty breathing unrelated to activity
Heaviness, tingling or numbness in either arm
Dizziness, light-headedness or unusual fatigue
Profuse sweating unrelated to activity
If you experience any of these symptoms, listen to your heart, think Avera. Learn more
Sign Up for a Heart Screening
Determine your risk of heart disease and other life-threatening conditions with Heart Smart heart and vascular screenings at Avera St. Luke’s. You and your doctor will receive a clear picture of your cardiovascular health that empowers you to develop a plan for a healthy lifestyle and medical care to lower your risk of heart attack and stroke. Heart Smart is similar to Planet Heart screenings offered at the Avera Heart Hospital. Sign up for a screening.
Purchase a Heart Smart Gift Certificate and Give the Gift of Health
Give someone you love the gift of health by purchasing a Heart Smart gift certificate. Either screening is $50, or get both screenings for $75. Purchase a gift certificate at the Admitting desk inside of Avera St. Luke’s. The Admitting desk is just inside of Door 2 near our emergency department.
Advanced Technology & Expert Care
When you face a health challenge or life with a chronic condition, you want the best possible care for your situation. Trust Avera St. Luke’s for an extensive array of advanced technology and services, including:
Verified Level III Trauma Center – Designated by the American College of Surgeons for comprehensive, 24/7 response to emergencies
Careflight emergency air transport – Rapid transport by air ambulance, equipped with the latest in life-saving technology and expert trauma teams
Advanced imaging, diagnostic and treatment technology – Includes high-performance CT, MRI, digital and 3-D mammography and other digital imaging services to interventional radiology, interventional cardiology, minimally invasive surgical procedures and more
Avera QuickLabs - Stop in when it’s convenient and take advantage of a variety of blood tests for a flat fee
Avera Wound Care Center - Comprehensive care, including hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT), for patients with non-healing wounds.
Top-Rated Care
At Avera St. Luke’s, you benefit from evidence-based care, a strong focus on your safety and comfort while you stay with us, and the best possible outcomes.
In addition, you’re assured of outstanding care from the experts at Avera St. Luke’s because the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) shows we meet or exceed national standards on quality measures related to heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, emergency care and stroke care.
You’ll also appreciate the professional, compassionate care you receive at Avera St. Luke’s.
Visiting Hours & Patient Information
Because families and caregiver networks play an important role in your health and recovery, be sure to encourage them to visit while you stay with us. Review patient and visitor information such as dining options, visiting hours and policies at Avera St. Luke’s, as well as lodging and accommodations.
Find out how to prepare for you or your child's hospital visit or understand your role in safe health care. Take advantage of our spiritual care services.
Preregister Online for Care at Avera St. Luke’s
From the comfort of your home, you can fill out a secure, confidential online patient questionnaire. This saves the time of sharing this information at the time of admission.
Pay My Bill
Pay your bill online or call 888-370-6525 from 8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Get an Estimate
Our price estimate tool will help you plan for upcoming health services.
Excellent Career & Volunteer Opportunities
Join Avera, the Upper Midwest's health care leader, for an inspiring and exciting career. Search the possibilities below:
All Avera jobs
Physician practice openings
Professional medical education
Avera also offers many classes for health care professionals and other opportunities for health care professionals, including programs for pharmacy residency, radiologic technology and emergency medical services.
Faculty & Student Orientation Manual
Volunteer at Avera St. Luke’s
Put your talents, interests and skills to work by volunteering at Avera St. Luke’s. You can make a difference by serving in the hospital, at blood drives, or even from home by knitting caps for chemotherapy patients, sewing or making crafts to sell that go toward patient programs.
Find Classes & Events
Check out health-related classes and events at Avera St. Luke’s. Find support groups, health screenings or programs in your neighborhood.
Discover Avera St. Luke’s
More than a century ago, the Presentation Sisters of Aberdeen were called upon to turn their school classrooms to sick wards during a diphtheria epidemic. As a result of their response to this crisis, the doctors and citizens of Aberdeen asked the Sisters to establish a hospital. Through the decades, Avera St. Luke’s has continued to grow in response to health needs as part of the region-leading Avera Health system. Discover more about Avera St. Luke’s, including:
Community health needs assessment and implementation plan
Notice Informing Individuals About Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements (Section 1557)
Facilities, such as the Don & Carmen Meyer Center of Excellence and Avera Mother Joseph Retirement Community
Notice of Privacy Practice
Avera St. Luke’s Foundation
Help provide top-quality health care to Avera patients, families and communities, regardless of anyone’s ability to pay. Your gift changes lives and supports our healing ministry. Contact the Avera St. Luke’s Foundation or call us at 605-622-5887.
South Dakota Grant Information
The Internal Revenue Service Form 990 has been filed, if applicable, in compliance with federal law, and is displayed immediately after filing on the recipient's or sub-recipient's website. Additional Information
As a recipient of Federal financial assistance, Avera St. Luke’s Hospital does not exclude, deny benefits to, or otherwise discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability, or age in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and benefits under any of its programs and activities, whether carried out by Avera St. Luke’s Hospital or through a contractor or any other entity with which programs or activities are arranged.
This statement is in accordance with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Regulations of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued pursuant to these statutes of the Title 45 Code of Federal Regulations Part 80, 84, and 91.
Avera St. Luke's Hospital
Avera St. Luke's Patients & Visitors
Volunteer at Avera St. Luke’s
About Avera St. Luke’s
Contact Avera St. Luke's
Avera is a health ministry rooted in the Gospel. Our mission is to make a positive impact in the lives and health of persons and communities by providing quality services guided by Christian values.
Support Avera
About Avera Health
Community Partnership Benefit
Annual Report
News & Media
Innovation & Research
Sign up for eNews
Sign up for Daily Reflections
Staff & Partners
Privacy Policy
Contact
© 2020 Avera Health, Sioux Falls, SD. All Rights Reserved.