http://www.parkview.com/legal/privacy-and-terms-of-use
For information about Coronavirus (COVID-19), including screening resources and facility updates, click here.
Interrupt window close button
Home  /  Legal  /  Privacy and Terms of Use
In This Section
Legal
Joint CommissionNon-Discrimination PolicyPatient Rights & ResponsibilitiesPrivacy PracticesPrivacy and Terms of UseParkview OnDemand Terms of Use
Privacy and Terms of Use
Copyright
All material contained within these pages is the sole property of Parkview Health. Any reproduction or redistribution of this material is prohibited without the express written consent of Parkview Health. Any reproduction of illustrations or photographs appearing on these pages is strictly prohibited.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Parkview Health maintains this website to provide information about Parkview Health and its services. You agree that your access to and use of this website are subject to your agreement to these Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Terms”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to our information collection and use policy or practices offline. This information is available on the HIPAA Privacy Practices page.
The information contained in this online site is solely intended to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge of healthcare topics. This service is for educational purposes only and should in no way be taken to be the provision or practice of medical, nursing or professional healthcare advice or services. The information should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit, call, consultation or advice of your physician or other healthcare provider. The information obtained from this service is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatments. Should you have any healthcare-related questions, please call or see your physician or other healthcare provider promptly.
Modifications
Parkview Health reserves the right to modify the information contained on this website or these Terms at any time without notice. By accessing this website after any changes to these Terms have been posted thereon, you will be deemed to have consented to all such changes.
Privacy Policy
We respect your personal privacy. Except to the extent permitted by law, we will not release your name, street address, telephone number or e-mail address without your consent.
How to Contact Us
Privacy Officer
Corporate Counsel Department
Parkview Health
10501 Corporate Drive
P.O. Box 5600
Fort Wayne, Indiana 46895
(260) 373-7107
Warranty Disclaimer
Information accessed through this site is provided "as is" and without warranty, express or implied. All implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are hereby excluded. Parkview Health and all physicians and affiliated organizations make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information.
PARKVIEW HEALTH AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE, ANY MERCHANDISE, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SPECIFIED, PARKVIEW HEALTH AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY OPINIONS, ADVICE, SERVICES, MERCHANDISE OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY. IN NO EVENT WILL PARKVIEW HEALTH AND ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE IN RELIANCE UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
Limitations of Liability
Neither Parkview Health or any affiliated organization shall be responsible for information provided herein under any theory of liability or indemnity. The medical staff members who respond to individual inquiries are independent of Parkview Health and all affiliated organizations and are not system employees.
The user agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Parkview Health, all affiliated organizations and physicians from any and all claims brought against Parkview Health, all affiliated organizations and the physicians arising from the user’s use. User’s obligation to defend, hold harmless and indemnify Parkview Health, all affiliated organizations and physicians shall extend to claims alleging acts of negligence, fault and direct or contributory infringement on the part of Parkview Health, all affiliated organizations and physicians. The parties specifically intend that the provision of this section shall apply even if such provisions act to exculpate Parkview Health, all affiliated organizations and physicians from its own conduct, including negligence.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall we be liable for any direct, special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of data, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of this website, with the delay or inability to use this website, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, services and related graphics contained on or made available through this website and the provision of or failure to provide the service, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states and jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, the above limitation may not apply to you.
Third Party Links
This website contains links to other websites. Parkview Health is not responsible for the content of such websites including any changes or updates that are made to the linked website or the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on those websites. Parkview Health provides the links as a convenience to you and the existence of the links on this website does not imply that Parkview Health approves of or is affiliated with the linked organization or company, or its products or services, or that the linked organization or company approves of or is affiliated with Parkview Health. Parkview Health encourages its website users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Health-related Information
Your access or use of health-related information means that you agree to the following terms and conditions. This information is provided to supplement, never to replace, the role of a physician or other qualified healthcare provider. You agree that this information will not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice from a qualified healthcare provider.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana without regard to the conflict or choice of law rules thereof. The courts sitting in the state of Indiana, federal and state shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising hereunder.
Need assistance?
Contact us