http://www.fsmtb.org/privacy-policy/
About FSMTB
Overview
Member Boards
Mission and History
Board of Directors
Volunteer for FSMTB
Annual Report
FSMTB Bylaws
FSMTB Policies
MBLEx
Overview
Application Requirements
Application Process
Taking The Exam
Exam Content
MBLEx & Licensure FAQ
FSMTB Examination Account
MBLEx Prep
MBLEx Result Transfer Form
Information for Schools
Overview
Massage Education Policy
Education Verification Center
Informational Videos
Consumer Information
Overview
Regulated States
Consumer Complaints
Human Trafficking
Pursuing a Career in Massage & Bodywork
Member Boards / Agencies
Overview
Membership
Member Services
Government Relations
Annual Meeting
Massage Therapy Licensing Database
Continuing Education
Overview
CE Registry
CE Registry: Providers
CE Registry: Course Categories
CE Registry Login
CE Registry: Course Search
CE Registry: Common Questions
REACH
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
The FSMTB is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the FSMTB website and governs data collection and usage. By using the FSMTB website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONFSMTB collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. FSMTB also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by the FSMTB website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times device type, device operating system, service provider and hostname. This information is used by the FSMTB for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the FSMTB website.
The FSMTB encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the FSMTB website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. FSMTB is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the FSMTB website.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe FSMTB collects and uses your personal information to operate the FSMTB website and deliver the services you have requested. The FSMTB may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from FSMTB. The FSMTB may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The FSMTB does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. FSMTB may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, the FSMTB may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to the FSMTB, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The FSMTB does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
The FSMTB keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within the FSMTB website, in order to determine what FSMTB services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within the FSMTB to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The FSMTB will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the FSMTB or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the FSMTB; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the FSMTB, or the public.
USE OF COOKIESThe FSMTB website uses Google Analytics, which uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same FSMTB website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the FSMTB website features that you customized.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the the FSMTB website services.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe FSMTB secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. FSMTB secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENTThe FSMTB will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. FSMTB encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how th FSMTB is protecting your information.
CONTACT INFORMATIONThe FSMTB welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that FSMTB has not adhered to this Statement, please contact the FSMTB at info@fsmtb.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.