https://www.embryodonation.org/privacy-policy/
NEDC Baby Counter: 1013
Call
NEDC
Menu
NEDC
Menu
Search
About Us
Board of Directors
News
Donation FAQs
Adoption FAQs
Professionals
Support the NEDC
Personal Stories
Children’s Books
Resources
Terminology
Contact NEDC
FacebookTwitterYoutubeIGLinked In
865-777-2013Toll-Free: 866-585-8549
Privacy Policy
NEDC knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. We respect your privacy and appreciate the trust that you have in our company. We will not rent or sell your name, address, email address, credit information or personal information to any third party without your permission. Should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer, we will comply with that request.
If you are a customer of ours or have registered to receive our newsletter, we may occasionally email you with special opportunities.
We may share non-personal, non-individual statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes.
Given the rapid changes in offerings and technologies, we reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. If these changes are substantial, we will notify you via email. You are free to review our Privacy Policies for changes at any time.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us.
Thank you!
2014 Audit
990
Whistle Blower Policy
The National Embryo Donation Center (NEDC) is committed to operating in furtherance of its tax-exempt purposes and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including those concerning accounting and auditing, and prohibits fraudulent practices by any of its board members, officers, employees, or volunteers. This policy outlines a procedure for employees to report actions that an employee reasonably believes violates a law, or regulation or that constitutes fraudulent accounting or other practices. This policy applies to any matter which is related to the NEDC’s business and does not relate to private acts of an individual not connected to the business of the NEDC.
If an employee has a reasonable belief that an employee of the NEDC has engaged in any action that violates any applicable law or regulation, including those concerning accounting and auditing, or constitutes a fraudulent practice, the employee is expected to immediately report such information to the President. If the employee does not feel comfortable reporting the information to the President, he or she is expected to report the information to the Board of Directors.
All reports will be followed up promptly and an investigation conducted. In conducting its investigations, the NEDC will strive to keep the identity of the complaining individual as confidential as possible, while conducting an adequate review and investigation.
The NEDC will not retaliate against an employee in the terms and conditions of employment because that employee: (a) reports to a supervisor, to the executive director, the Board of Directors or to a federal, state or local agency what the employee believes in good faith to be a violation of the law; or (b) participates in good faith in any resulting investigation or proceeding, or (c) exercises his or her rights under any state or federal law(s) or regulation(s) to pursue a claim or take legal action to protect the employee’s rights.
The NEDC may take disciplinary action (up to and including termination) against an employee who in management’s assessment has engaged in conduct in violation of this policy. Conversely, if there is substantial evidence that an employee has acted in bad faith in reporting a violation of law, regulations, or practices, disciplinary action up to and including termination may also be taken against said employee.
Management will be trained on this policy and the NEDC’S prohibition against retaliation in accordance with this policy.
National Embryo Donation Center
11126 Kingston Pike
Knoxville, TN 37934
get directions
865-777-2013 | Toll-Free: 866-585-8549This material was made possible by grant #EAAPA131021-01-01 from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The statements expressed are those of the grantee organization and do not necessarily represent the views of the Department.
© 2020 National Embryo Donation Center. Privacy Policy. All rights reserved.
Proudly hosted by Slamdot.