http://www.seattlechildrens.org/giving/donate/how-to-help-during-covid-19/
Skip to nav
Skip to content
COVID-19 Advisory: Visitors limited to only one parent/caregiver at all clinics and no siblings allowed. Learn more.
Giving
Ways to Donate
How to Help During COVID-19
Seattle Children's Response to COVID-19
Donate Now
Thank You Generous Community
Frequently Asked Questions
The COVID-19 pandemic is having a profound impact on healthcare providers – and their patients, families and staff – worldwide. In the midst of the pandemic, generous community members have reached out to Seattle Children’s offering help. We are so grateful for this outpouring of support. If you would like to make a donation to Seattle Children’s to support our COVID-19 efforts, as well as our patients, families and staff, please read the information below. Thank you for your generous support during this critical time of need.
High Priority COVID-19 Funding Needs
Are there specific funding needs at Seattle Children’s during COVID-19?
Yes, there are high priority areas through which you can support our patient families, our workforce and the greatest needs of Seattle Children’s:
COVID-19 Greatest Needs Fund: Help us nimbly and flexibly meet the greatest needs of Seattle Children’s as we respond to the impact of this unprecedented crisis on patients, families and our workforce. Examples of greatest needs include setting up curbside screening for patients outside of our Emergency Department, establishing drive-thru testing for staff and purchasing additional personal protective equipment for care providers. Your gift to greatest needs helps support the continued safety for patients, their families and staff during this rapidly-changing pandemic.
COVID-19 Mental Health Response Fund: Support the mental health needs of youth during and after the pandemic by helping Seattle Children’s provide social and emotional support, as well as resources for the growing number of patients who are in crisis.
Patient Emergency Assistance Fund: Provide families the basic support and services they need to take care of their child – including food, clothing, transportation, lodging, funeral expenses and gas cards. The COVID-19 pandemic is having a devastating impact on so many of our patients and their families. Gifts to this fund help support families’ basic needs so they can focus on the well-being of their child.
Employee Emergency Assistance Fund: Provide financial relief for Seattle Children’s employees, so they can continue providing compassionate, expert care to children throughout this pandemic. Thank you for supporting our staff who may be experiencing economic hardship during COVID-19 or other emergency situations.
COVID-19 Research Fund: Advance promising research efforts surrounding COVID-19 – so our findings can best serve our patients, their families, our community and the world. Gifts to this fund help expedite vaccine trials and analysis to determine if a vaccine will be effective, as well as learn from the challenges of COVID-19 and develop systems and plans for the future.
back to top
How can I make my financial gift?
Use the link on our website to make your gift. In the designation drop-down field, select the funding need you want to support.
back to top
Masks, Personal Protection Equipment, Medical Equipment
Are you accepting mask donations?
No. We thank our generous community, for all your support and mask donations to date. At this time, we are no longer accepting mask donations.
back to top
Do you need hand sanitizer, gloves or cleaning products?
No, we are unable to accept donations of hand sanitizer, gloves or cleaning products.
back to top
What kind of medical equipment do you need?
We do not need any medical equipment at this time.
back to top
Support for Workforce and Patient Families
Can I donate gift cards for patient families?
Yes. Gift cards that our patient families need most are Safeway, QFC, Fred Meyer and Target. Cards are distributed to families in need through our Social Work Department. Email us for more information.
Please mail cards to:Seattle Children’s Guild Association PO Box 5371, M/S S-200Seattle, WA 98145
back to top
Can I bring meals or homemade treats to the hospital for staff and families?
We cannot accept any homemade meals, cookies or treats.
back to top
Can I order a meal to be delivered to a specific person at the hospital?
Gift cards and room service cards that can be used to order meals can be purchased by calling our Ocean Gift Shop at 206-987-6652. Please specify the person who should receive the card.
back to top
How can a food provider (like a restaurant or grocery store) donate meals to workforce members and patient families?
We can accept individual pre-packaged cold meals, snacks and treats from restaurants and commercial kitchens. To arrange delivery, email us.
We will give any surplus food to Ronald McDonald House, where many of our patient families are living while their child is in the hospital.
back to top
Can I drop off other items at the hospital for patients — like toys, homemade blankets, craft kits or handmade cards?
Please hold any donations that need to be delivered personally until the health restrictions have been lifted. Right now, we can only accept donations by mail.
Mail items to:Seattle Children’s Hospital Volunteer Services M/S RC.3.8204800 Sand Point Way NESeattle, WA 98105
back to top
Can I donate toys to patients?
Yes, toys are needed and we would appreciate your donation. You can make an online donation to our Toy Fund. Donate on our website to make your gift. In the designation drop-down field, select “Other” and write in “Toy Fund.”
You can also purchase toys via our Amazon wish list.
Please hold on delivering any toys in person until health restrictions have been lifted.
back to top
Does Odessa Brown Children’s Clinic (OBCC) have specific needs?
OBCC is a community clinic that provides medical, dental, mental health and nutrition services to all families, regardless of their ability to pay. OBCC has been committed to delivering equitable health and wellness care to lower-income and ethnically diverse children for nearly half a century.
The impact of COVID-19 on OBCC families has been overwhelming; many are hourly employees with little to no opportunity for remote work options as they work in hospitality and service industries.
Daily, OBCC is fielding calls from patients who request help for basic needs: food, water, sanitation and hygiene supplies, diapers, baby wipes, housing assistance, clothing and access to internet services. Families are also requesting shelter in place activities for youth and families.
The best way you can support OBCC families is to give to the clinic’s Greatest Needs fund. Please donate on our website, and in the designation drop-down field, choose “Other” and write in “OBCC.” As the needs of families change during this pandemic, gifts to this fund will allow staff to be nimble in responding to whatever the most critical need is for OBCC families at that time.
back to top
General Questions
Can I help out by volunteering?
Out of an abundance of caution for our volunteers, patients and workforce, Seattle Children’s is unable to bring volunteers into the hospital at this time.
back to top
What can my company do to support Seattle Children’s?
Refer to our COVID high-priority funding needs for financial gifts, as well as the options for providing safety masks and supporting our workforce and patient families with meals and in-kind gifts.
back to top
Does Seattle Children’s need volunteers to donate blood?
Seattle Children’s isn’t accepting blood donations onsite, although we encourage anyone who is able to donate blood to contact Bloodworks Northwest at 800-398-7888. Bloodworks Northwest is a blood bank and medical research institute that serves 90 hospitals in western Washington and Oregon, including Seattle Children’s.
back to top
Can I get a tax receipt for my donation?
When a financial gift is made, a tax receipt/thank you letter is created and sent to the donor. For in-kind donations, the supporter can fill out a form that serves as a tax ID receipt; a thank you letter is also mailed to the donor.
back to top
Also in This Section…
Overview
Toys and Items for Patients
Vehicle Donations
Honor a Loved One
Membership Giving Programs
Special-Occasion Donations
Get Your Business Involved
Fundraise for Seattle Children’s
How to Help During COVID-19
©1995–2020
Seattle Children’s Hospital
4800 Sand Point Way NE,
Seattle,
WA
98105
206-987-2000
866-987-2000 (toll-free)
206-987-0391 (TTY)
Seattle Children’s complies with applicable federal and other civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude people or treat them differently based on race, color, religion (creed), sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin (ancestry), age, disability, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Financial assistance for medically necessary services is based on family income and hospital resources and is provided to children under age 21 whose primary residence is in Washington, Alaska, Montana or Idaho.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in marketing efforts. For more information, see Website Privacy.
Accept All Cookies