https://www.emedhire.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
About Us
Employers
Blog
Jobs
Contact Us
New Physician Registration
Physician Login
MedHIRE RSS FeedFollow Us on TwitterLike Us on FacebookFollow Us on Google PlusConnect With Us on LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Thanks for using MedHIRE. This Privacy Policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you use MedHIRE. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We never sell lists or email addresses.
THE BASICS
Definitions
We’ll start by getting a few definitions out of the way that should help you understand these terms and conditions. When we say “we,” “us,” and “MedHIRE,” we’re referring to MedHIRE LLC, a State of Missouri limited liability company. When we say the “Site,” we are referring to MedHIRE’s website (www.emedhire.com). When we say “you,” “user,” or “Candidate,” we’re referring to the person or entity that’s registered with us to use the Services.
We provide the following “Services” to registered members: access to a confidential list of physician job openings (“MedHIRE Jobs Database”), a confidential member profile, and through our website (www.emedhire.com), members may exchange information with MedHIRE recruiters and authorize MedHIRE recruiters to submit their curriculum vitae, contact information and other personal information to designated organizations that hire Physicians (“Hiring Organizations”) and/or physician recruiters and staffing agencies (“Search Firms”).
We offer the Services on our website www.emedhire.com. In the course of providing the Services, we may collect Personal Information, which means information about a Member. A “Profile” is a list or personal and professional information, including curriculum vitae (“CV”), that a Member has provided during registration or use of the Services.
Revisions
MedHIRE may revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time. Please periodically review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy posted on the MedHIRE Site. Continued usage of the MedHIRE website will be considered acceptance of any changes. Expressly designated legal notices or terms on particular pages at this site may supersede certain provisions of these Terms of Use.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we’ve collected, or collect, about and/or from you, according to our Terms of Use.
Questions
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Information you’ve submitted on the Website, please use our contact form to get in touch. You may also contact us by postal mail at:
MedHIRE
Privacy Department
PO Box 246
Montague MA 01351
YOUR INFORMATION
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us: When you register to use the Services, communicate with our physician recruitment team, communicate with us via live chat, sign up for our newsletters, send us an email, or post on our blog, you’re giving us information that we collect. That information may include your IP address, name, physical address, email address, phone number, and other details like gender, occupation, and other demographic information. By giving us this information, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed, and stored by us, only as described in our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Profile Information: When you register, update your profile, or upload your curriculum vitae, we have access to the data in your profile and the information in your CV.
Information from your Use of the Service: We may get information about how and when you use the Services. This information may include your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions taken by you within the application.
Cookies: When you register to use MedHIRE, we store “cookies,” which are strings of code, on your computer. We use those cookies to collect information about when you visit our Website, when you use the Services, your browser type and version, your operating system, and other similar information. You may turn off cookies that have been placed on your computer by following the instructions on your browser, but if you block our cookies, it may be more difficult (and maybe even impossible) to use the Services.
Information from Other Sources: We may get more information about you, like name, LinkedIn profile, and board certification or state licensure status by searching the internet or querying third parties (we’ll refer to that information as Supplemental Member Information). We only collect data that’s publicly available or provided by a third party according to its terms of use.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may use and disclose your Personal Information only as follows:
To promote use of our Services. For example, if you leave your Personal Information when you visit our Website and don’t register for any of the Services, we may send you an email asking whether you want to register. And if you use any of our Services, and we think you might benefit from using another Service we offer, we may send you an email telling you about it.
To send you System Alert Messages. For example, we may let you know about temporary or permanent changes to our Services, like planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations.
To provide customer support.
To protect the rights and safety of our Members and third parties, as well as our own.
To meet legal requirements like complying with court orders and valid subpoenas.
To provide information to representatives and advisors, like attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar proceeding.
To support and improve the Services we offer. This includes adding features that use data to suggest other jobs you may be interested in.
To communicate with you about your account for informational, not promotional, reasons.
To transfer your information in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy.
To send you informational and promotional content that you may choose (or “opt in”) to receive. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email.
Subpoenas
We may have to disclose information about our members to meet legal requirements. Third-party disputes are a common example: If two parties have a dispute, and one of them used MedHIRE in a way that’s relevant to the dispute, then we might get a request for user data. Whether we say “no way” or comply depends on the subpoena.
Public Information and Third Parties
Blog. We have a public blog on our Website. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blog and you’d like it to be removed, contact us here. If we’re not able to remove your information, we’ll let you know why.
Social Media Widgets. Our Websites include social media features, like the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our site, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Links to Third-Party Sites. Our Websites include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from MedHIRE’s. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Website you visit.
SECURITY
Notice of Breach of Security
MedHIRE reserves the right to monitor all traffic to this website to identify and/or block unauthorized attempts or intrusion to upload or change information or cause damage to this Site in any fashion. Anyone using this Site consents to such monitoring.
Nobody’s safe from hackers. If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then MedHIRE will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
Safeguarding Your Information
MedHIRE accounts require a username and password to log in. You must keep your username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Because the information in your Profile is so sensitive, account passwords are encrypted, which means we can’t see your passwords. We can’t resend forgotten passwords either. We’ll only reset them.
COMPLIANCE
Accuracy of Data, Transparency, and Choice
We do our best to keep your data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do that. If your data changes (like a new email address), then you’re responsible for notifying us of those changes.
We only store data about you for as long as it’s reasonably required to fulfill the purposes that gave us the right to access it in the first place. We keep some data indefinitely, relating to when members access the Medhire Job Database so that we can promote use of our Services.
We’ll give you access to any Personal Information about you that we hold within 30 days of any request for that information you make by emailing support@eMedHIRE.com. Unless it’s prohibited by law, we’ll remove any Personal Information about you from our servers at your request.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. If we receive a written complaint, then we’ll respond to the person who made it.
Contacting Us
Thanks for taking the time to learn about MedHIRE’s Privacy Policy, and thanks for trusting us to handle your information.
MedHIRE welcomes your questions and comments regarding our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, and anything else on this site. Please e-mail us at support@emedhire.com.
Updated October 22, 2014
© MedHIRE LLC 2014 All rights reserved.
PagesAbout Us
Employers
Blog
Jobs
Contact Us
New Physician Registration
Physician Login
EjPCLR SGDbeflt N ChTn GeYg ZSubscribe to our Newsletter
Email *
Connect MedHIRE RSS FeedFollow Us on TwitterLike Us on FacebookFollow Us on Google PlusConnect With Us on LinkedIn
Search
Login StatusUsername or EmailPassword Forgot?  Register