http://www.ivfflorida.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy : Overview
Our Center
Fertility Treatments
Understanding Infertility
Patient Information
Financing Options
News & Resources
Donor Egg
Privacy Policy | IVF Florida Fertility Clinic
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms and Conditions posted on this Site and may be amended without notice. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on this site. Site users are encouraged to periodically check this policy to see if any changes have been made that may affect them. By using the IVF FLORIDA Reproductive Associates (IVF FL) site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Personal-identifying information is data that can be used to identify or contact you IVF FL collects only the personal-identifying information you provide to us through web pages at www.fcionline.com (the “Site”), such as when you request information about the IVF FL services, or when you use certain features of the Site, such as making an appointment or emailing general inquiries to the practice. All personal-identifying information, however collected, is used only by IVF FL and for the sole purpose of acting as requested by the user and responding to the user, and is not disclosed to any third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other data, including, without limitation, data that IVF FL may collect on websites that are linked to the Site.IVF FL reserves the right to disclose any personally identifying or non-personal identifying information collected through the Site if we are required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary in order to: fulfill a government request, conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served on us; protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; transfer to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting IVF FL or this Site; protect or defend the legal rights or property of IVF FL, this Site or its users; or, in an emergency, to protect the health and safety of this Site’s users or the general public. We may also collect non-personal-identifying information through the use of "cookies", which are small text files stored on your computer’s hard drive or web server and are used to aid in web page navigation. IVF FL does not store any personal identifying information in any cookies on your computer. Site users have the option whether or not to accept cookies by resetting their web browsers to give notice when a cookie is being sent to their hard drive. Cookies may also be deleted from a hard drive, however, some parts of this Site may not function properly or may be slowed considerably if cookies are not accepted or disabled.
IVF FL uses Google Analytics as its web analytics tool. It helps us understand how visitors engage with our website. As a Google Analytics customers IVF FL can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with our website so we can improve the user experience. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. To view Google Analytics Privacy Policy, click here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.htmlThis Site is not intended for use by minors. IVF FL does not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 14 to participate in any activity on the Site. IVF FL does not provide services outside of the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, by submitting information to IVF FL you are consenting to the transfer of your data to the United States and our processing of your data in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy. IVF FL is an affiliate of IntegraMed America, Inc. (“IntegraMed”) Information collected from and through the Site may be provided to IntegraMed for use consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.   IVF FL and IntegraMed do not contract with or any ad server companies.If you fill out a contact form and/or provide your telephone number on-line you should be contacted by a representative of IVF FL in order to provide you with the information you requested.   Communications with or through the Site are not intended to and do not establish a patient-physician relationship, nor does it constitute the provision of health care services.  A Notice of Privacy Practices pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) is made available at the time any prospective or actual patient first receives services from IVF FL. IVF FL takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of its website infrastructure and data, however we make no guarantees or warranties concerning the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable information. The Site may contain links to other web sites that IVF FL and/or IntegraMed does not own or control. IVF FL does not endorse the content on any third-party websites and is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the IVF FL Site, the privacy practices employed by third-party sites, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. IVF FL does not endorse any product advertised on the IVF FL Site. In the course of developing IVF FL’s business, IVF FL may buy or sell assets. If another entity acquires IntegraMed or all or substantially all of its assets, personally identifiable information and other information collected from users of the Site may be transferred to the entity as one of the transferred assets. If any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against IntegraMed, all such information may be considered an asset of IVF FL and/or IntegraMed and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties. Upon request we provide Site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them and offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Site users can have this information corrected by writing to us at the below address.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact the Webmaster at: IVF FLORIDA Reproductive Associates, Inc.ATTN: Rob Doll, Area Development Director 2960 North State Road 7, Suite 300Margate, FL 33063IVFFLINFO@integramed.com
Revised: March 2015© 2019 IVF FLORIDA Reproductive Associates. All rights reserved.
Contact IVF Florida
JOIN MAILING LIST?
Submit Your Request
Our Partners: