https://www.wellnesscenter.net/privacy-policy/
Home
Subscribe
Newsletter
PRODUCTS
Order Products
Product Research/Medical Abstract
Product Descriptions
Order Saliva Test
Order Blood Tests
Breaking News
Media & Education
Articles And Press Releases
Audio
Education
Natural Health Radio
Resources
Videos
Webinars
blog
EVENTS
Free Tests
Herpes – Self test
Parasites – Self Test
Neurotransmitter –
test
Candida – Self Test
The Wellness Plan
Digestive Assessment
Female Hormone Test
Emotional Survey
F.A.Q.
Contact
Members
Privacy Policy
Applicability
This policy applies to our web site, wellnesscenter.net, and to any personal information given by you to us in the course of conducting a purchase or submitting a contact form.
Information Collected Online
Cookies – our web sites use cookies to track your visits through Google Analytics and Google Adwords and Google Analytics Remarketing in conjunction with DoubleClick as described in the following paragraphs.
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent from our web server to your browser, which is saved on the hard drive of your computer. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites, and it will not damage your system. You can change your browser settings to refuse cookies or alert you when a cookie is being sent at any time. We do not use cookies to identify you personally.
Cookies/Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to page views, source and time spent on website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked by to individuals. This will help protect your privacy. Using Google Analytics we can see what content is popular on the website and strive to give you more of the things you enjoy reading and watching.
Cookies/Google AdWords: Using Google AdWords code we are able to see which pages helped lead to contact form submissions, software downloads and purchases. This allows us to make better use of our paid search budget.
Cookies/Remarketing with Google Analytics: We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the internet. NWPS and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-part cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our websites.
Opt-out for Google Analytics for Display Advertising and Google Display Network. Please visit http://www.google.com/settings/ads – you may also choose to use the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on found at: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Email Messages To Our Email Accounts – email addresses sent to our email accounts by non-customers are not added/sold/transferred to any mailing list. At our discretion, we may retain a copy of the received message and our outgoing email message for future reference.
The foregoing policies are effective as of 11-20-2014. We reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Want to Explore Naturopathy?Visit The California College of Natural Medicine Page »
Become a Natural Health Provider »
FREE Provider Resources »
Provider Log-in »
Provider Charts »
Get in the know, quick linksCalendar of Events »
Free Self-Assessment Tests »
Free Newsletter »
Contact Us »
Product F.A.Q.
»
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Site Credits
you can start the healingLearn more about
Dr. Dale
Lectures & Radio Interviews »
Press Kit
Testimonials
Become an Affiliate »
schedule an appointmentMembership Info »
English
Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scottish Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sudanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu
Powered by WishList Member - Membership Software