http://www.choa.org/about-us/terms-and-conditions
×
Modal title
Children’s License Agreement
Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta (“CHOA”) provides free access to certain materials and information, documentation, forms, questionnaires and diagrams relating to the study, prevention, and treatment of concussions via this website and its related pages, including without limitation, for your reference or download (collectively, the “Concussion Program Materials”) as described in this License agreement (“Agreement”).
By accessing the Concussion Program Materials, you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
1.	Right to Access and Use.
CHOA hereby provides you a fully-paid, nontransferable, nonexclusive, personal right and license to access, download, or otherwise use any Concussion Program Materials solely for the following purposes:
(i)	if you are accessing the materials as a parent, you may use the Concussion Program Materials for your personal, non-commercial use to educate yourself and your family on concussion prevention and treatment for a child;
(ii)	if you are accessing the materials as an athletics coach or on behalf of a school organization, you may use the Concussion Program Materials to promote concussion safety to your staff, students and athletes and to create appropriate concussion management procedures; and
(iii)	if you are a healthcare provider, you may use the Concussion Program Materials for your personal, professional development to enhance your medical knowledge in the field of concussions.
You acknowledge the Concussion Program Materials are not to be used as definitive diagnostic tools with any specific patient and your independent medical judgment will be used to treat any patient.
You must maintain all CHOA proprietary notices on the Concussion Program Materials. You may not copy, modify, adapt, reverse engineer or create derivative works of the Concussion Program Materials or remove any copyright or other proprietary rights notices therefrom.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where indicated in the Concussion Program Materials, schools and sports organizations
are permitted to co-brand certain of the Concussion Program Materials with CHOA’s prior written consent. Additionally, schools, sports programs and recreational leagues may put their own logo on the Concussion Policy and modify it to meet their needs. CHOA may update, replace or remove some or all of the Concussion Program Materials from time to time, and you should check back with the website to determine if the Concussion Program Materials you downloaded are current.
2.	Reservation of Rights.
Except for the limited license provided to you in Section 1 of this Agreement, no express or implied license, right, or ownership interest of any kind is granted to you with respect to any of the Concussion Program Materials or any copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights therein.
CHOA reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement.
3.	Disclaimer of Medical Advice.
The Concussion Program Materials do not constitute specific medical advice and are provided as information resources only.
The Concussion Program Materials do not create a patient-physician relationship and should not be used as a substitute for professional advice and treatment from a licensed doctor.
In the case of a concern, a medical professional should be consulted.
In the event of an emergency, you should call 911 or go to the nearest emergency department immediately.
By licensing the Concussion Program Materials, CHOA is not assuming any duty to update the Concussion Program Materials, and you are responsible for reviewing and approving the Concussion Program Materials for your use.
4.	No Warranties.
While CHOA makes efforts to provide materials that accurately reflect the research and information CHOA is authorized to make available publicly, THE CONCUSSION PROGRAM AND ALL RELATED MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AND CHOA DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
5.	Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT WILL CHOA OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES OF CHOA OR ITS AFFILIATES, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS OF GOODWILL OR PROFIT IN ANY WAY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MATERIALS, HEREUNDER, INCLUDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN ANY EVENT, THE LIABILITY OF CHOA AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF CHOA AND ITS AFFILIATES, FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS.
6.	Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia of the United States of America, without regard to its rules regarding conflicts of law.
7.	General.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes any prior understanding or agreement respecting the subject matter of this Agreement.
You irrevocably waive any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Concussion Program Materials.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
Print version:  English       Spanish
I have read and accept the terms of this agreement
Yes
No
Close
Toggle navigation
Medical Services
Medical Services
Medical Services Home
MOST POPULAR
Asthma
Cancer and Blood Disorders
Heart Center
Concussion
Diabetes Care
Orthopedics
Sports Medicine
Surgery
Urgent Care
ALL SERVICES
Airway, Breathing & Lung
Autism & Developmental Disorders
Basic Hospital Services
Bone, Joint & Muscle
Brain, Nervous System & Mental
Cancers & Tumors
Common Childhood Conditions
Dental & Mouth
Digestive & Gastrointestinal
Genetic & Chromosomal
EMPTY
Endocrine & Immune System
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
Heart & Blood
Infectious Diseases
Kidney, Reproductive & Urinary
Medical Tests & Procedures
Rehabilitation & Therapy Services
Sports-Related Services
Transplant
Wellness & Preventive Care
Patients
Patients
Patients Home
Before You Arrive
During Your Stay
After You Go Home
Hospital Amenities and Services
Medical Records
Bills and Insurance
Ways We're Keeping You Safe
MYchart for Patient Families
Patient and Employee Stories
Testimonials
Visitors
Visitors
Visitors Home
Contacting a Patient
Visiting and Parking
Donors & Volunteers
Donors & Volunteers
Donors & Volunteers Home
Ways to Give
Fundraise
Volunteer
Attend an Event
About the Foundation
Medical Professionals
Medical Professionals
Medical Professionals Home
accessCHOA
Fellowships, Residencies and Internships
MYchart
Nursing Resources
Physician Outreach Program
Physician Portal
Physician Resources
Physician Wellness
The Children’s Care Network
Athletic Trainers and Coaches
Professional Events
Search
Find a Doctor
Locations
Children's Physician Group
Research
Careers
Disclosures
Donate Now
Search
×
Home
About Us
Terms and Conditions
About Us
At Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, our doctors, nurses and staff are specially trained to care for children under the age of 21. From colorful, friendly waiting rooms to equipment that fits patients of all sizes, every detail is designed specifically for kids.
At Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, our doctors, nurses and staff are specially trained to care for children under the age of 21. From colorful, friendly waiting rooms to equipment that fits patients of all sizes, every detail is designed specifically for kids.
Terms of Use
Patient Privacy
This privacy notice describes how medical information about your child may be used and disclosed, and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Download privacy notice (en Español)
Web Privacy Policy
This notice provides information about the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Web privacy policies. For a complete listing of your child’s privacy rights and your responsibilities as a parent, visit our Patient and Parents Rights and Responsibilities page for more information.
Patient and Parents Rights and Responsibilities
Social Media Policy
Email Privacy Policy
Email communications
We do our best to deliver exclusive, relevant information right to your inbox. We respect your wishes to unsubscribe, but please know that we are always here if you decide to continue receiving emails from us.
Unsubscribe from all Children's email communications
The Children's Foundation
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Children's will not intentionally share the contents of any email or information submitted via the internet with any third party. However, due to the nature of electronic communications, we cannot and do not provide any assurances that the contents of your email will not become known or accessible to third parties. We urge you not to provide any confidential information about you and/or your or your child’s health to us via electronic communication.
By submitting your information via an online form, you are provided the opportunity to receive communication from us. You may later decide to stop receiving this communication.  If you are a member of our Foundation Online Community and want to stop receiving communications, you may unsubscribe by logging in to your online profile as you normally would, and change your email preferences. You may also send a message to our Online Team or send mail to the following postal address:
The Children's Foundation
3395 NE Expressway, Suite 100
Atlanta, GA 30341
If you are inquiring about the Blackbaud data security incident that occurred in May 2020, you can learn more in our FAQs.
About the information on the Children’s websites
The Children’s websites include:
www.choa.org
www.choa.org/blog
www.strong4life.com
careers.choa.org
give.choa.org
The Children’s websites, or any that might be added in the future, are in no way a substitute for visiting a doctor. This information is only for education purposes. If you have any questions about your child’s care, ask your doctor.
By using these websites, you agree to hold Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta harmless for any costs resulting from not following this notice.
About privacy
Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta may use your information from the websites listed above. We will not sell, trade, rent or share your private information with any other group, party or person. On some pages, you can make a donation, order products or register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit/debit card information
About related organizations
The Children’s websites are not responsible for the quality or truthfulness of information given through the Children’s websites’ links or other related organizations with which we may be sharing content. This includes information that can be found through a Web link to and from the Children’s websites. Just because we included a Web link, or the Web link’s information, on the Children’s websites does not mean we endorse it.
About allowing cookies
Cookies are small files your computer creates. They do not have any private information. They track your computer so we can give you a faster, more personal experience. You can set your Web browser to stop making cookies—this will not change how your computer works or how you access the Children’s websites.
Secure donations
Credit card donations will be made through the Children’s Foundation Web page. You will be asked to enter your name, credit card number and billing information. This information allows us to process your donation and to provide you with an e-mail receipt.
Learn more about giving to Children's
As a donor, you can choose to give anonymously (without giving your name) or to provide Children’s with your personal information.
Using credit cards
If you use your credit card to make a donation or pay a bill at Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta, you will need to put in your information. An e-mail receipt will be sent for your records.
Credit card information is not kept on the Children’s websites. It stays with a third party that keeps all private and credit card data. We take no responsibility for a third party’s privacy notice.
Compliance
Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta set up a compliance program to help us follow all federal, state and local laws. This will help us not only meet our legal duties, but it helps us keep our high ethical standards.
Visit the Children’s Compliance page
Our content
All of the information on the Children’s websites is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other ownership laws only by Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta or our partners. You may not use our name, or the Children’s websites’ names, in any way or to raise money. If you are interested in hosting an event benefiting Children’s, visit www.choa.org/affiliates for more information.
About a waiver of Web privacy guidelines
If we waive one or more of the guidelines in this notice, this does not mean that we waive all the guidelines. If one of the statements in this statement is made illegal or, in any way, invalid, this will not affect the validity of the other statements in this notice.
About Georgia law
The Terms of Use will always follow the most current laws of Georgia and the U.S. Any action brought against these Terms of Use will brought against the state of Georgia.
This is the most current statement of the Children’s websites and is considered before all other contracts, representations and understandings of the parties.
Linking to the Children’s websites
Children’s does not stop others from linking to the Children’s websites, but we ask that any organization that links to our website follows the below terms:
Your link cannot look like an endorsement or affiliation with Children’s
You cannot use frames or other ways to make the look or feel of the Children’s websites different
You may not use this link to misrepresent your relationship to Children’s
You must make sure that if you link to another Children’s Web page, aside from the home page, that the link is updated and active
Other cases
You also may not link to the Children’s websites if you:
Violate any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right
Engage in any libelous, defamatory, untrue or invasive of any right of publicity or privacy or other personal right
Have any deceptive or false advertising
Have any sexually explicit, indecent, harassing or other objectionable material
Break any local, state or federal law
Reflect badly on Children’s
Children’s is the sole judge of all these criteria. We reserve the right to take legal action at any point in time for any reason without explanation. Physicians affiliated with Children’s should visit www.choa.org/decal for downloadable material.
We have the right to change any part of this notice at any time. You should read this notice often to check for any changes.
Related Topics
Patients
Visitors
Medical Services
Quick Links
Vendors
Health Information Exchange
Related Topics
Patients
Visitors
Medical Services