https://www.ahvma.org/cookie-policy/
What is a cookie?
Besides being a tasty treat, which we wish we could send you electronically every time you visit our website, a cookie is a chunk of data – usually stored as text file – that is placed on your device when you visit a particular website.
The cookie is used to identify your device to the website when you visit again so the site can load your preferences, automatically accept your credentials, or provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications such as Google Analytics.
Cookies do not store personal information about you, just information identifying your device. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better.
You may choose to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Please note that the member services features of our website (e.g. access to our Journal or Conference Proceedings), are dependent on cookies to work properly.
Which cookies are in use on this website?
_gat, _gid, _ga: These cookies are used to send anonymous data to Google Analytics, which helps us understand our website traffic. See Google’s Privacy Policy for more details.
catAccCookies: This cookie records your acceptance of our site’s use of cookies.
ap, ARF, bc, bs, cs, emergencyURL, hs, pp, returnURL, ro, sellerCode, sk, tcc, wa, wb, wc: These cookies are used when accessing the member features of our website, such as event registrations or our online Journal. They do not store personal information.  See Wild Apricot’s Privacy Policy for more details.
***IMPORTANT SCAM ALERT!***
Please be aware that AHVMA Exhibitors and Attendees may be contacted through email or other means by companies soliciting AHVMA hotel bookings.  Although they may imply otherwise, THESE COMPANIES ARE NOT ASSOCIATED WITH AHVMA.  Other companies may promise you a reservation that does not exist and upon arrival at your hotel you may be told that you do not have a room.
Please make your hotel reservations through our reservations link or by contacting the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center directly.  AHVMA cannot be responsible for any bookings made through any of these other companies.
Please be cautious about giving any company other than the AHVMA or the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center your credit card information as doing so could result in your credit card number being compromised.
×
This site uses cookies to analyze our website traffic and provide some content to AHVMA members. By scrolling down the page, you agree to the use of cookies. They may not taste like regular cookies, but they don't have calories, either... Visit our Cookie Policy to learn more.