http://www.reiki.org/privacy
Jump to navigation
Keyword(s)
Login
My Account
View cart
Home
ResourcesTeaching / Training Tools
Reiki Articles
Reiki Stories
ClassesMeet the ICRT Licensed Reiki Master Teachers
Holy Fire® III Upgrade Webinar Recording
Holy Fire® Reiki III Class Descriptions
Holy Fire® II Reiki Class Descriptions
Holy Fire® Reiki Class Descriptions
Usui/Tibetan Reiki Class Descriptions
Class Registration
5 Day RMA Pro Training
Ethical Standards
Reiki Shares
ICRT Licensed Reiki Master Teacher Program
Student List
Holy Fire® List
Membership
StoreBooks
CDs and DVDs
Classes
Clothing
Kit
Prints and Posters
Reiki Tables and Accessories
Digital
Reiki News MagazineMagazine Back Issues
Miscellaneous
Home
Resources
ClassesMeet the ICRT Licensed Reiki Master Teachers
Holy Fire® III Upgrade Webinar Recording
Holy Fire® Reiki III Class Descriptions
Holy Fire® II Reiki Class Descriptions
Holy Fire® Reiki Class Descriptions
Usui/Tibetan Reiki Class Descriptions
Class Registration
5 Day RMA Pro Training
Ethical Standards
Reiki Shares
ICRT Licensed Reiki Master Teacher Program
Student List
Holy Fire® List
Membership
Store
You are hereHomePrivacy
Teach Holy Fire® Classes Online
Teach Holy Fire® Classes Online
Classes with William Lee Rand
Classes with William Lee Rand
Classes With LRMTs
Classes With LRMTs
Healing Request
Healing Request
Submit Your Story
Submit Your Story
Privacy
ICRT PRIVACY POLICY
The International Center for Reiki Training
The William L. Rand Company, Vision Publications, International Center for Reiki Training and other related entities owned or controlled, in whole or in part, by William L. Rand, are committed to protecting your personal data.  These entities will be collectively referred to as ICRT in this Privacy Policy.  The ICRT is transparent about the limited personal data we collect, why we collect it, and how it is managed and shared.
By submitting your personal data to the ICRT, and by using the ICRT website, you agree to the terms of the ICRT Privacy Policy.
Introduction
The ICRT is a community made up of Reiki practitioners, teachers, students and interested members of the public. The ICRT administers reiki.org in support of this community. Our website contains information about the practice of Reiki, teacher and student information, and Reiki-related products and documentation available for sale.  Users of the ICRT website may submit personal data on our website to obtain and share information related to Reiki and to purchase products and services.
Communications regarding this policy should be directed to our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”):
Attention: ICRT Data Protection Officer21421 Hilltop Street, Suite 28 Southfield, MI 48033DPO@reiki.org.
What personal data do we collect and why?
Registrants to the ICRT website provide basic contact information, including name, email address, physical address and phone number. When purchasing products and services, the ICRT additionally collects financial information, like credit card details. The ICRT uses this information to facilitate communication between teachers and students, provide teacher information to the public, and facilitate purchase of Reiki products and materials. An interested party may provide an email address to receive a newsletter from the ICRT.
The ICRT website includes links to third-party websites or other public online forums. When you disclose information at these public forums, it may be viewed, collected and used by others.   The ICRT does not monitor or administer these public forums, and they are not bound by this Privacy Policy.
How DOES the ICRT use your personal data?
The ICRT uses your personal data, in a limited fashion, only to:
Create your account
Contact you with Reiki-related information and services
Facilitate communication between teachers and students
Provide teacher, member, student and class information to the public
Generate certificates and class rosters
Verify information provided by references and applicants to become Reiki teachers
Generate site analytics that improve our site layout, content, product offerings and services
Provide you with important information about the ICRT
Deliver print and electronic publications
Comply with legal requirements
Consent to collection and use of your personal data
When you provide your personal data to the ICRT you consent to the collection, use, processing, transfer, and disclosure of your personal and non-personal data, globally, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the purposes stated in our Privacy Policy.
You may withdraw your consent by sending a request for deletion of your personal data to the Data Protection Officer at the contact information provided above.
Where is your information shared?
Your information is only shared to the extent necessary to fulfill our business obligations, to accomplish one of the lawful purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or in response to your express instructions. Information provided to the ICRT may be accessible to our ICRT staff, and vendors who administer and maintain our website and webstore and vendors who distribute print and electronic mailings. Licensed Reiki Master Teachers (“LRMT”), their students, and certain members may elect to have their information posted on our website.
Beyond this, the ICRT will disclose personal data, without notice, only in limited circumstances, when necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the ICRT, its affiliates or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the ICRT, its affiliates or this site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the ICRT or affiliate personnel, users of their websites, or the public; or (2) if required to do so by law.
Site metrics for reiki.org may also be collected by the ICRT.  The information will be aggregate data and will not include personal data.
Access to and control over your information.
Registrants may correct or update their personal data, request a copy or their information, make updates or request restriction or deletion of their personal information by submitting a request to the DPO at the contact information identified above.
The ICRT intends to retain personal data only so long as necessary to carry out the ICRT’s business activities and comply with it legal obligations.  Those who submit Personal Data to the ICRT are required to notify the ICRT DPO in the event they cease to be active with the ICRT, or if they otherwise want their personal data deleted.
If you are in the European Union and wish to raise a concern about the processing of your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Your information is secure.
To protect your personal data, the ICRT maintains reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards. Unfortunately, despite such measures, no data transmission over the Internet and no database or other depository of information can be one hundred percent secure. As a result, while we will strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any of your Personal Data. We will not be and are not liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission, networks that we do not control, or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Children (under 16 years of age).
The ICRT does not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16 years of age. If a child has provided us with personal data, a parent or guardian of that child may contact our DPO to have this information deleted from our records.
What non-personal data do we collect?
Aggregate Data.We may collect non-personal data on an individual and aggregate (or anonymous) basis that includes all site visitors.
Non-Personal data collected on ICRT may be used to:
Compile aggregate and statistical data to improve our website and the user experience
Perform analytics on the user’s experience while visiting this site on an aggregate level that does not identify you or your information personally
This collection may involve the use of a third-party vendor acting on behalf of the ICRT, as described below. Third-party vendors with which ICRT has entered into contracts to perform site analytics and which are provided aggregate information are to use that information only to perform those services, and they may not share or resell this information
Cookies.To enhance the performance and functionality of our site, we may use session and persistent “cookies” that store a small text file on your computer and collect certain information about your visit to our site. Personal Data is not in stored in the cookies used on our website.
A “session” cookie is stored only in your computer’s working memory (RAM) and only lasts for your browsing session. It is used for server performance tracking.  When you close all your browser’s windows, or when you shut down your computer, the session cookie disappears forever.
A “persistent” cookie is stored on your computer’s hard drive until a specified date, which could be tomorrow, next week, or 10 years from now. Persistent cookies stay on your computer until either a) they expire, b) they are overwritten with newer cookies, or c) you manually remove them. Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies, however, this may prevent you from having access to some site functions or features.
Other tracking technologies.We may use third-party click tracking analytics tools (such as DART, Omniture tags, DoubleClick, Efficient Frontier, and Google Analytics) to capture clickthrough statistics.
When you visit our website, the server housing the pages automatically generates a “session log.” We use session logs to help us determine how people travel through our site. In this way, we can structure our pages so that the information most frequently visited is easier to find. By tracking page visits, we can also determine if the information we’re providing is being used. The only data gathered is the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you came, the website that referred you, the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits.
Users may be directed to ICRT via banner ads or site links. Ads or site links that are placed by ICRT use cookies or web beacons to deliver metrics on the effectiveness of the ads or links. They do not collect personal data from the user.
California
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits website users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not sell, transfer, or otherwise disclose Personal Data that we collect from or about you. The ICRT does not use automated decision-making services using your personal data and does not otherwise share personal information with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please direct any requests or questions to our DPO at the contact information above.
We may share Personal Data that has been aggregated, de-identified, or otherwise anonymized and thus does not directly or indirectly identify you and that cannot, with reasonable efforts, resources, and technologies, be used to re-identify you. Such aggregated, anonymized, de-identified, or otherwise not re-identifiable information is not Personal Data within the scope of this Privacy Policy.
California residents may to request, in writing, from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Data, such as name, email and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties.  To request the above information, please contact our DPO at the contact information provided above.
Modifications to this policy.
Occasionally, the ICRT may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our website or privacy practices, or to comply with new laws and regulations.  The ICRT may modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time.  Where such changes are material, the ICRT will provide additional notice via email or notification on its website.
This Privacy Policy is effective February 11, 2019
Teach Holy Fire® Classes Online
Teach Holy Fire® Classes Online
Classes with William Lee Rand
Classes with William Lee Rand
Classes With LRMTs
Classes With LRMTs
Healing Request
Healing Request
Submit Your Story
Submit Your Story
Reiki Stories
Read how Reiki heals real life issues. Over 400 stories available.
READ STORIES
Reiki Classes
Professional Reikitraining in the USand other countries
BROWSE CLASSES
Reiki Store
Products to help you learn and make your Reiki practice a success.
VIEW PRODUCTS
Healing Request
Request distant Reiki for yourself or your family and friends.
REQUEST REIKI
Contact Us
"Live a Meaningful Life"The International Center for Reiki Training
21421 Hilltop Street, Unit #28Southfield, Michigan 48033
Toll Free: (800) 332-8112 US OnlyLocal: (248) 948-8112Fax: (248) 948-9534
E-mail: center@reiki.org
Reiki Faq's
FAQs
FAQ's Membership
Learn About Reiki
What is Reiki?
Reiki Energy - What Is It? How Does It Heal?
Who Can Learn Reiki?
What is the History of Reiki?
Experiencing Reiki
Learning Reiki
Reiki Video/Audio
Learn the Usui Principles in Japanese
Reiki for Christians
Toll Free: (800) 332-8112 US OnlyLocal: (248) 948-8112Fax: (248) 948-9534
E-mail: center@reiki.org
Learn About Reiki.Org
About Us
Licensed Reiki Master Teachers
World Peace Grid Project
Copyright & Trademark Info
Privacy Policy
Store Policy
Supporting Social Diversity
Contact Us
Customer Care Staff
Free Online Newsletter
Click here to subscribe
Connect
Partner Sites
Maui Reiki Center
Reiki India