http://www.cvphysiology.com/Ancillary/privacy
Cardiovascular Physiology ConceptsRichard E. Klabunde, PhD
Introduction
Acknowledgements
Topics:
Arrhythmias
Cardiac Valve Disease
Coronary Artery Disease
Edema
Heart Failure
Hypertension
Hypotension
Peripheral Artery Disease
Also VisitCVpharmacology.com
Click here for information on Cardiovascular Physiology Concepts, 2nd edition, a textbook published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins (2012)
Click here for information on Normal and Abnormal Blood Pressure,
a textbook published by Richard E. Klabunde (2013)
Tweet
HomeContentsTutorials/QuizzesGlossarySearchAuthor
Privacy Notice
Effective January , 2009 Privacy Notice Table Of Contents: Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices
you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make
this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and all html pages
that use the home page template.
The Information We Collect:
Non-personal information is collected about your computer, such as your IP address and type of web browser, and is used solely by web scripts for compiling site statistics. This information is not linked to you or your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
The Following Information is Not Ever Requested or Collected: Credit/Debit Card Information
Complete Mailing Address
Phone Number The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself only for communication within, and in regards to, the forum and relevant website information.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses
are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website
and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that
X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but
we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without
also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such
unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the
correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic,
and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect
online.
How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please contact us.
DISCLAIMER: These materials are for educational purposes only, and are not a source of medical decision-making advice.
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use
©1998-
Richard E. Klabunde, all rights reserved   Web Design by Jimp	Studio