http://www.whittier.org/services/metabolic-conditions/diabetes/patient-education-support#component_54ed347216
COVID-19: Nurse line, FAQs, mask policy and latest news
More than 30 million people in the United States are living with diabetes, and another 84 million are likely to develop the disease within 10 years. Scripps diabetes specialists in San Diego diagnose, treat and help patients learn to manage diabetes. Our dedication to diabetes care has earned Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla and Scripps Green Hospital recognition as San Diego’s best hospitals for diabetes and endocrinology by U.S. News and World Report.
Diabetes classes and support services
Diabetes resources
Diabetes and Pregnancy Program
Scripps Diabetes Prevention Program
Continuing medical education programs
The Project Dulce approach
Consulting and technical assistance
Diabetes patient education handouts
New technology helps Scripps diabetes patient finish marathon
Mother takes charge of her diabetes to be there for her children
Ana’s story: Healthier habits for a healthier life
We offer a comprehensive range of diabetes services and programs, including medical treatment, education and resources to help patients care for themselves and their family members with diabetes, and programs to help people at risk of diabetes prevent the disease. You may receive care at our physicians’ offices, hospitals and Well Being locations throughout San Diego County, as well as the Scripps Whittier Diabetes Institute.We are now offering Video Visits for some specialty care appointments. If you are interested in scheduling a Video Visit, contact the provider’s office directly. The doctor’s office will work with you to determine if this is the right type of visit for you.
The Scripps Whittier Diabetes Institute is Southern California’s leading diabetes center of excellence, committed to providing the best diabetes research, clinical care and education for patients and health professionals alike. Founded in 1981, our mission is to improve the quality of life for people with diabetes through innovative programs, while pursuing prevention and a cure.  We offer patient self-management education, clinical care and care management to patients in and out of the hospital setting, community-based diabetes care (Project Dulce), diabetes prevention, clinical and practical research, and professional training and education.
Diabetes is a chronic disease in which your body’s blood sugar levels are higher than normal. When we eat, foods containing proteins, fats and carbohydrates are broken down into easily absorbed components. One of these is a form of simple sugar called glucose. Glucose circulates in the bloodstream, where it is available for cells to use for energy.Diabetes occurs when your pancreas (found just behind the stomach) stops making enough insulin, a hormone that is necessary for your body to use glucose properly. Normally, the blood carries glucose throughout the body, causing blood glucose levels to rise. In response, the pancreas makes insulin and releases it into the bloodstream. Insulin signals the body tissues to metabolize or burn the glucose for fuel, causing blood glucose levels to return to normal. People with diabetes do not make enough insulin or their body can’t use insulin effectively, so without treatment, blood glucose levels increase to abnormal levels. Over time, this can lead to serious health issues, such as heart disease, stroke, blindness, kidney failure, or loss of toes, feet or legs.
Expand All
Collapse All
Type 1 diabetes — Type 1 diabetes is a lifelong disease in which the pancreas produces little to no insulin. Type 1 diabetes is not affected by lifestyle, and people with this type must take insulin. About 5% of people with diabetes have type 1.
Type 2 diabetes — Type 2 diabetes is the most common type of diabetes. It occurs when the body doesn’t make enough insulin or can’t use its own insulin effectively. This causes glucose to build up in the blood. Type 2 diabetes is often caused by lifestyle factors, such as obesity or diet.
Gestational diabetes — Gestational diabetes develops in pregnant women who did not have diabetes before becoming pregnant. Women with gestational diabetes usually need treatment during their pregnancy. In most cases, the diabetes goes away after the baby’s birth.
Read Less
Expand All
Collapse All
Prediabetes is a condition where the blood sugar is higher than normal, but the person does not yet have diabetes. Affecting more than 84 million Americans, prediabetes is also called impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and it often has no symptoms.Studies have shown that most people with prediabetes develop diabetes within 10 years. But it’s important to remember that even if you have prediabetes, you may still be able to reverse it. Losing weight, maintaining a healthy diet and getting regular exercise can help.
Read Less
Expand All
Collapse All
You may be at increased risk for developing prediabetes or type 2 diabetes if you:
Are 45 years of age or older
Are overweight
Have a family history of type 2 diabetes
Are physically active fewer than three times per week
Ever had gestational diabetes while pregnant or gave birth to a baby that weighed more than 9 pounds
If you think you may be at risk, a health care provider can do a blood test to see if you have diabetes or prediabetes.
Read Less
To learn more about diabetes care at Scripps, or to speak with a member of our diabetes support team, call
800-727-4777.