http://www.neurocareinstitute.com/patient-information#privacy
Schedule an Appointment: 407.657.7900
NeuroCare Institute of
Central Florida, P.A.
Compassionate Care For Our Patients in Metropolitan Orlando And Central Florida
HomeOur Physician and StaffServicesPatient InformationFirst VisitFormsConfidentialityEmergenciesPrescriptionsFees & BillingInsurance InformationHospital AffiliationsAdditional InformationPrivacy PracticesLanguage AssistanceOffice Financial PolicyPatient FormsPatient EducationContact Us
Patient Information
First Visit |
Forms |
Confidentiality
Emergencies |
Prescriptions |
Fees & Billing|
Insurance
Hospital Affiliations|
Additional Information |
Privacy Practices |
Language Assistance
First Visit
On your initial visit, we will obtain from you a personal history regarding your present condition and past medical history. The doctor will conduct a comprehensive neurological examination based on your history. The initial examination will usually last 45-60 minutes. If needed, subsequent visits will be scheduled. Please notify us within 24 hours of your scheduled appointment if you are unable to keep your appointment.
All appointments must be confirmed or they will be canceled.
You will need to bring the following information with you on your initial office visit:
Your insurance card
Any referral forms required by your insurance provider
A drivers license or current picture identification
A list of current prescription and over-the-counter medications you are taking, including dose and frequency.
Pertinent information about your medical and surgical history. Bring any pertinent x-rays or records you may have.
New patient forms
back to top
Forms
Please download and print out our New Patient Information, Medical History, and Office Financial Policy forms from this website, following the instructions below. If you cannot fill these forms out in advance of your appointment, please arrive 30 minutes early to fill them out in our office.
To read these forms, you must have the free Adobe Acrobat Reader.
New Patient Forms (9 pages)
Florida Advance Directive
Application for Disabled Parking Permit
EEG Instructions
The forms will open in a new window. To print, just click on the printer icon in the toolbar above the window. Please complete the printed forms at home and bring them with you to your first visit.
back to top
Confidentiality of Medical Records
As our patient, your records will always be held in the strictest confidence. We will not release your medical records to anyone without your written authorization. If you wish to have your records from Dr. Pineless' office sent to another physician, attorney, insurance company representative or another party, we will be happy to comply with this request after obtaining proper written authorization. We will mail your records to the above-mentioned persons once this is completed. We reserve the right to charge a fee for this service in accordance with current statutes.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Acknowledgement Form
Request to Inspect and Copy Protected Health Information
Patient Authorization for Use and Disclosure of Protected Health Information
Authorization for Release of Confidential Information (Allow one week for processing)
back to top
Emergencies
Should an emergency arise at any time, call 911. If you need to speak with the doctor urgently, please call our office at 407.657.7900. At night or on weekends, our answering service will take your name and telephone number. They will contact the physician on call, who will return your call as soon as possible.
back to top
Prescriptions
If you should run out of medications prescribed for you by Dr. Pineless before your next appointment, have your pharmacist fax a request to 407.657.7942. Please allow two business days for your prescription refill. Prescriptions will not be filled on weekends or holidays.
back to top
Fees and Billing
Please read and sign our Office Financial Policy which is part of our New Patient Forms packet.
Full payment is due at the time professional services are rendered. Our office accepts cash, checks, MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Discover and money orders. In addition, we accept Medicare assignment, and we are members of various PPO's and HMO's. Please see the Insurance Participation section on this website or call our office for further information. You will be responsible for paying any deductible at the time of service unless you can show that the deductible has been met. For our HMO and PPO patients, your co-payment is due at the time of your visit. Claims to your insurance company will be filed on your behalf.
For our Medicare patients, we will submit all claims on your behalf. As a courtesy to our Medicare patients we will also file your secondary insurance. If you do not have a secondary insurance you will be responsible for your 20% or any deductible at the time of your visit.
back to top
Insurance Information
Advantage 65 BCBS
Aetna HMO
Aetna Medicare
Aetna PPO/POS
Aetna Government Programs
(All except W.C.)
AvMed
Beech Street PPO
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida PPO/PPC, Including Florida Blue
(Not Blue Select or True Blue)
Care Plus Healthplans (Humana)
CCN (formerly Health Access PPC) (includes UniCare)
Champ VA
Champus/Tricare (Not Prime)
ChoiceCare
Cigna PPO & HMO (NOT Local Plus or Central Florida Network)
Coventry (not MC or WC)
First Health (not MC or WC)
GEHA Government Employee Hospital Association
Healthcare Preferred (through SouthCare)
Healthchoice PPO Select
HealthSpring MC Replacement
Humana Medicare Replacement HMO & PPO
(Not commercial HMO or PPO)
Medicare Part B
One Health Plan/Great West/MultiPlan
Onenet PPO (UHC, NOT WC or HMO)
Preferred Health Network (PHN)
Secure Horizons (UHC)
Simply Healthcare
SouthCare
(formerly Principal)
United Health Care (Including Compass)
UNUM Life (UCF& Rollins)
Worker’s Comp Contracted Insurers
Alternative Service Concepts
Genex/Choice
NELCO
Comp Options
North American Risk
Pegasus
We also accept self-pay patients
Hospital Affiliations
Dr. Pineless is on the active staff of Orlando Health South Seminole Hospital in Longwood.
back to top
Additional Information
Additional information must be given on Living Wills and Durable Power of Attorney for Healthcare. For your convenience, Dr. Pineless has provided you with Living Wills information, and the Durable Power of Attorney form.
Language Assistance
back to top
Meet Our Physician
Dr. Hal S. Pineless has been in practice in the Orlando area since 1986. He has been voted one of "Orlando's Top Doctors" since before 2013 by Orlando Magazine.
Read More>>
NeuroCare Institute of Central Florida
Cascades Executive Center
1890 State Road 436, Suite 255
Winter Park, FL 32792
Tel: 407.657.7900
Fax: 407.657.7942
If you have already registered with our web portal, please click
here
to log in.