http://www.urologyhealth.org/about-us/privacy-statement/link-policy
AUA Summit - Link Policy
Advertisement
About Us
Privacy & Link Policy
Link Policy
In This Section
About Us
What We Do
Foundation History
Leadership
Financials & Annual Report
Media Center
Link Policy
Linking Information
The Urology Care Foundation encourages links to its public Web resources.
The Urology Care Foundation may grant the owner of an approved website permission to use a hypertext link on his or her Web site, provided:
Individuals or organizations wishing to link to the Urology Care Foundation Web site should direct their link to http://www.urologyhealth.org for permission.
Any text-only link must clearly be marked "Urology Care Foundation"
The link must "point" to the URL www.UrologyHealth.org and to any other page(s) within the Web site.
The appearance, position and other aspects of either the link or the host Web site may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the Foundation's name and trademarks, and is permitted at the sole discretion of the Foundation.
The appearance, position and other aspects of either the link or the host Web site may not create the false appearance that an entity other than Urology Care Foundation is associated with or sponsored by the Foundation.
Urology Care Foundation reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion by amending these Terms of Use. Urology Care Foundation is not responsible for the information or materials contained on the host Web site. Links to this Web site are provided for convenience of reference only and are not intended as an endorsement by Urology Care Foundation of the organization or individual operating the host Web site or a warranty of any type regarding the host Web site or the information on the host Web site.
If a description is to be provided with the link, the following wording shall be used:UrologyHealth.org is the official Web site of the Urology Care Foundation.
The official foundation of the American Urological Association (AUA), the Urology Care Foundation is committed to advancing urologic research and education to improve patients' lives. The Foundation collaborates with researchers, healthcare professionals, patients and caregivers to accomplish its mission. The Urology Care Foundation was formerly known as the AUA Foundation.
Usage of Content
Unless otherwise indicated, The Urology Care Foundation requires permission for individual pages or content to be to be copied or reproduced for distribution. Users may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents of this site, without prior written permission.
The Urology Care Foundation periodically redesigns its Web site, so content may be located at different Web page addresses. Every attempt is made to ensure existing links will continue to forward a user to their new requested page(s). However, it is strongly recommended that organizations review their external links frequently to ensure each link referenced is operational.For permissions requests, please email Info@UrologyCareFoundation.org
Explore Further
2019 Annual Report
Learn more about the Urology Care Foundation with our Annual Report.
We're On a Global Mission!
Learn more about our global philanthropic innitiatives.
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to enable you to more easily use our website, to monitor and analyze the use of our site to help improve our website and services, and to assist us with advertising reporting functions.
By checking the “I Agree” box, you consent to our use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy.
I Agree You can learn more about our Cookie Policy here