https://www.birminghamcosmeticsurgerycenter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Meet Dr. RifaiMonthly SpecialsLoyalty ProgramTestimonialsNewsContact us
Call Us:
(248) 723-9370
Birmingham Cosmetic Surgery &
– Dr. Rifai – Michigan Cosmetic Surgery
Information gathered through this website is not shared with third parties except those necessary to process the transaction and prevent fraud (such as your credit card company). All payment information through this site is encrypted and transmitted through a secure server. We utilize Authorize.net for all credit card transactions for your safety.
We want you to know that your privacy is important to us. Our customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we strive to ensure your experience with Birmingham Cosmetic Surgery and
is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. Part of our commitment to you is to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information you provide to us. The information below is designed to inform you of what information we collect, why we collect such information, and how we secure and use the information we collect. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Service.
When you submit your personal information to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We are always available to discuss your questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please contact us using one of the methods listed on the Contact Us page of our Web site. Please address your questions or concerns to the Customer Service department.
Birmingham Cosmetic Surgery and
will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When a revision is made we will revise the “last updated” date on this page. We encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy each time you visit our Web site for any updates or changes. Your use of our Web site constitutes your consent to this Privacy Policy, including any changes or updates.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any Web sites other than our Site including any Web sites that link to or from our Site.
Search for:
[INSERT_ELEMENTOR id= 11212]
Receive Our Monthly Specials!
Before and After Photos
Videos – Cosmetic Surgeon Reviews
Finance Your Cosmetic Procedures
Frequently Asked Questions
Cosmetic Surgery Articles / Blog
Request a Free Consultation
Locations
Recent Posts
Breast Augmentation Birmingham
October 12, 2017/
0 Comments
Redefine your shape with SculpSure
June 19, 2017/
0 Comments
CO2 Skin Resurfacing
May 28, 2017/
0 Comments
Birmingham Cosmetic
Surgery
has five locations for your convenience: Southfield, Port Huron,
Dundee, Jackson and Plymouth, Michigan.
Call now
Close Menu
Call Now Button
×
×Cart
Close This Panel
Schedule an Appointment Please call 248-723-9370 to schedule a consultation with Dr. Rifai, an experienced Michigan cosmetic surgeon.
HomeBreast Procedures
Breast Augmentation Breast Lift Breast Lift with Augmentation Breast Reduction Breast Implant Removal Breast Implant Replacement Nipple & Areola
Inverted Nipple Areola Reduction Nipple Reduction
Body
Procedures
Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Liposuction Lower Body Lift Male Breast Reduction Buttock Lift Arm Lift Thigh Lift Labiaplasty Pubic Lift Vaginal Laser Rejuvenation SculpSure
Facial Procedures
Face Lift Forehead Lift Eyelid Surgery – Upper Lids Eyelid Surgery-Lower Lids Mini Facelift Nose Surgery – Rhinoplasty Lateral Brow Lift Neck Lift Neck Liposuction Chin Implant CO2 Skin Resurfacing
Non-Surgical
Advanced Skin Care
IPL PhotoFacial Med Spa Microdermabrasion Cool Touch III Plus KYBELLA
Botox and Fillers
BOTOX
Cosmetic Radiesse JUVEDERM Liquid Facelift Lip Enhancement
Chemical Peels
TCA & Phenol Facial Chemical Peels
Med Spa
Cool Touch III Plus IPL PhotoFacial Med-Lite Laser Rejuvenation Microdermabrasion VIPeel Facials
European Facial Anti-Aging and Anti-Aging Plus Facials Acne and Acne Plus Facials Men’s facials
Waxing Eyelash Treatments
Latisse Eyelash Perming Eyelash Tinting
Skin Care Products
Skin Medica Obagi Skincare Colorescience
Before & After PhotosFinancing
0
Search for:
0
Receive our Monthly Specials!