http://www.eyelines.com.au/privacy-policy/
Find a StoreFind a Store
Southern
Glenorchy Hobart Huonville Kingston Rosny Sorell
Northern
George Town Kings Meadows Launceston Legana Prospect
North Western
Burnie Devonport
Book Eye Test
Country Visits
EyewearEyewear
Lenses Frames Sunglasses Children's Vision Contact Lenses Safety Frames
Optometrists
Eye Health
News & Events
Eyelines
Home Lenses Frames Sunglasses Children's Vision Contact Lenses Safety Frames
Book Eye Test Find Stores Promotions Eye Health Your child's vision
About Eyelines Find Optometrists Careers
Optical Frames and Lenses Lens Technology Prescription Sunglasses Health Fund Discounts 5 star guarantee Country Visits
Bulk Billing Contact Us Your Feedback Information for GP's Privacy Policy Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Eyelines Tasmania Pty Ltd and its related entities are committed to ensuring the confidentiality and privacy of personal information it receives.
When you provide your personal information to us via email, we may store your email for the purpose for which you supplied it, as well as to communicate with you.
We will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose for which you would not reasonably expect us to do so.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date whenever we collect or use it. If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to correct this information.
You can gain access to your information by written request. That request or any inquiry about Eyelines privacy policy should be sent to the following address: admin@eyelines.com.au. Eyelines will endeavour to deal with your request or inquiry as soon as is reasonably possible.
At Eyelines, we understand the importance of personal integrity, we respect your right to privacy, and we will continue to ensure that your personal information is protected. We agree to notify our customers if we become aware that a disclosure of personal information has been made in breach of any Privacy Law or that a disclosure may be required by law.
Find a StoreBook Eye TestCountry Visits
Follow us on these networks
Subscribe for Newsletter Updates
Email*
Top of Page