http://www.monell.org/supplemental/privacy
Legal & Privacy
Disclaimer
The content on this site, and the services offered herein, are intended for informational and educational purposes only. Nothing contained on this site should be considered, or used as a substitute for, medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. This site, and the services offered herein, are not intended to constitute professional health care advice, diagnosis or treatment, and can in no way substitute for speaking to your health care provider. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health professional for care advice or diagnosis, and before engaging in any treatment. If you currently have, or suspect that you have, a serious medical problem or condition, it is important that you contact a qualified health care provider immediately.
Privacy Policy
The Monell Center (Monell) values and respects the privacy of all of our website visitors. We do not sell, rent, trade, or market personal data to third parties. Within Monell, we limit access to your information to those who need it to complete an associated transaction and/or to fulfill your request.
If at any time you choose not to receive some or all communications from us, please click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of an email, email giving@monell.org, or call (267) 519-4717 and we will remove you from our mailing lists.
We may utilize software and/or third party services to collect data on website visits that is not personally identifiable. We primarily utilize this information to improve the user experience on our site.
Although we may provide links from our site to other websites, our policies do not apply to them and we have no control over how they use any information you might provide to them.
Donor Privacy
The Monell Center respects the privacy of our constituents. We will only use your name, address and any other personal data you provide to facilitate our direct communications with you. We will not share your information with anyone outside of our organization unless we are legally required to do so. We do not rent, sell, give away, or trade our mailing lists. Donor names are included in annual honor rolls unless the donor has requested otherwise. If you decide you do not want your name listed, please email giving@monell.org, or call (267) 519-4717. If at any time you choose not to receive some or all communications from us, please email giving@monell.org, or call (267) 519-4717 and we will remove you from our mailing lists.