http://www.pinnaclehealth.org/site-and-legal-information/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to Content
1607655129520
1607655129660
Terms and Conditions
Popular Patient Tools
Close Nav
MyPinnacleHealth
Patient Portal
Pay My Bill
Request Appointment
Price Estimator
Find Walk-In Care (required)
Submit Walk-In Search
Toggle navigation
Go to Home Page
Toggle Quick Tools
Toggle Search
ALERT: Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information -- *Updated Visitor Guidelines
Read More
Search Entire Website
Share:
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share by Email
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
If you have questions about our Terms and Conditions:
All health information posted on the site is based on the latest research and national treatment standards, and have been written or reviewed and approved by UPMC Pinnacle physicians or health professionals unless otherwise specified. Portions of our site were created by Healthwise.
Terms and conditions
All health information posted on the pinnaclehealth.org site is based on the latest research and national treatment standards, and has been written or reviewed and approved by UPMC Pinnacle physicians or health professionals unless otherwise specified. Portions of our site were created by Healthwise.
The content, products and services offered herein are here to educate consumers on health care and medical issues that may affect their daily lives. Nothing in the content, products or services should be considered, or used as a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. This website and its services do not constitute the practice of any medical, nursing or other professional health care advice, diagnosis or treatment. You should always talk to your health care provider for diagnosis and treatment, including your specific medical needs. None of the products or services offered through pinnaclehealth.org represents or warrants that any particular service or product is safe, appropriate or effective for you. We advise users to always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions regarding personal health or medical conditions. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem or condition, please contact a qualified health care professional immediately. If you are experiencing a medical emergency, please call 911 or call for emergency medical help on the nearest telephone.
Terms of use
Use of the pinnaclehealth.org site is subject to the following terms of use. UPMC Pinnacle may modify these terms and conditions at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting the modified terms and conditions on the pinnaclehealth.org site. You agree to review the agreement periodically to be aware of such modifications, and you accessing or using the service constitutes your acceptance of the agreement as it appears at the time of your access or use. From time to time, UPMC Pinnacle may offer website visitors the opportunity to participate in additional features or services through pinnaclehealth.org. You may be required to enter into additional agreements or authorizations before you can access such features or services.
Intended for users 18 and older
The pinnaclehealth.org site is intended for use by individuals 18 years of age or older. This website is not directed for use by children under the age of 18. Users under the age of 18 should get the assistance of a parent or guardian to use this site.
You agree that you will not:
Upload or transmit any communications or content of any type that may infringe or violate any rights of any party
Use this website for any purpose in violation of local, state or national laws
Use this site as a means to distribute advertising or other unsolicited material to any third party
Use this website to post or transmit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or embarrassing to any other person or entity
Attempt to disable, "hack" or otherwise interfere with the proper functioning of this website
If you use any part of the website requiring secure access, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Blogs and interactive media
If you use blogging features or otherwise post information to a Site, you give UPMC Pinnacle the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display, edit, modify, create derivative works from and otherwise use your submission for any purpose, in any form, and on any media.
If you use blogging features or otherwise post information to the website, you agree you will not:
Post material that infringes on the rights of any third party, including intellectual property, privacy or publicity rights
Post material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by UPMC Pinnacle in its sole discretion
Post advertisements of solicitations for business
Impersonate another person including but not limited to a spouse, child or sibling
Allow another person to use your credentials for posting or viewing comments
Post the same note more than once or "spam"
UPMC Pinnacle reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
Remove communications that fail to conform with these terms of use
Terminate a user's access to the entire Site or specific features such as the blog
Edit or delete any communications posted on the blog features, regardless of whether such communications violate these standards.
Inbound Links
You may not, under any circumstances, establish a link to pinnaclehealth.org without the express written consent of the General Counsel of UPMC Pinnacle, including but not limited to deep linking.
External Links
Please note that pages of this site may be linked to other sites which may have different terms of use. UPMC Pinnacle does not own, control, manage, supervise, direct or otherwise have any involvement in the business or affairs of any third party site. UPMC Pinnacle System is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the third party site. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. UPMC Pinnacle encourages you to be aware when you are leaving pinnaclehealth.org to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit before providing any personally identifiable information.
Privacy
Please read the full text of our Privacy Practices to understand how any Protected Health Information ("PHI"), as that term is defined in the Notice of Privacy Practices (HIPAA).
Contact information
If you have any questions about the Service, please contact us at pn_webmaster@upmc.edu.
Your browser is not supported. To view this website,
please download the latest version of IE.
If this is a medical emergency, please dial 911