http://www.tna.org.uk/website-privacy-policy
Home
Who we are
Meet the Committee
Meet the Medical Advisory Board
Mission Statements, Policies and Constitution
Latest News
About TN
What is Trigeminal Neuralgia?
Newly diagnosed
Emergency treatment for TN
Children and young people with TN
Other causes of facial pain
Links to other websites
Members
Members area
Publications and General Interest
Newsletter Updates via email
Local Support Groups
Patient experiences
Videos
Alternative therapies & advice
Dental Advice
Research
Forum
Volunteering Opportunities
F A Qs
Professionals
Events
Differential diagnosis algorithm
Classifications of TN
Care pathway
Dental Information
Publications
Treatment
CPD Opportunities
Carers
Caring for someone with TN
Other useful information
Contact
Log-In
Website Privacy Policy
This page explains how the Trigeminal Neuralgia Association UK, as a registered charity, uses any information you give to us through this website, and the ways in which we protect your privacy.
The Data Protection Act
The Trigeminal Neuralgia Association is a data controller under the Data Protection Act 2018. Under the Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We safeguard your data, and keep strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it. We do not pass on your details to any third party unless you give us permission to do so. TNA UK is registered with the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) as required by law and this registration is renewed every year.
What information do we collect?
We collect different kinds of information from visitors to this website:
Feedback
Calls/Emails to our helpdesk
Requests for information
Registration details for some areas of the site
Site usage information from log files.
Feedback
You can send us your feedback by e-mail, post, or phone. We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation when dealing with your enquiry. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without first seeking your permission.
Where your details are held in our files these are archived after we have dealt with your enquiry and deleted after 12 months.
Calls/Emails to our Helplines
The information you supply to us may be logged within a database to help us respond to your request. We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without your permission.
Our system archives your messages after it has been dealt with, and deletes them after 12 months.
Requests for information
We need to record your personal contact details to be able to respond to your request. We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without your permission.
If your enquiry is logged our system archives your message after it has been dealt with, and deletes it after 12 months.
Registration details
Although most of this website does not require you to register there are some areas which do. The details you supply will only be used for these purposes unless you give us permission for other uses (for example to be included in mailing lists).
Cookies and log files
Cookies are pieces of data that can be automatically created on your computer when you visit a website. We do not use cookies on this website.
Log files allow us to record visitors’ use of the site which we use to make changes to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it. Log files do not contain any personal information about you or information about which other sites you have visited.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other websites that we think may interest our members
This privacy policy applies only to this website, so you should always be aware when you are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any site which collects personal information. We do not pass on any personal information you have given us to any other site.
Access to your information and contacting us
You can change your registration information by contacting us. If you wish to see our records of any correspondence you have sent to us, or if you have a query or complaint about this privacy policy or about the site, you can contact our Administrator by e-mail or post.
Address:
Trigeminal Association UK
PO Box 234
OXTED Surrey RH8 8BE
Email: admin@tna.org.uk