http://www.vicc.org/policies
Skip to main content
About the Site
Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center is committed to providing accurate and timely information to our visitors in an accessible and secure manner.
Accessibility
Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center is committed to providing access to all individuals who are seeking information on its website. To that end, we have have designed the site to be both W3C standards compliant and accessible.
Anyone using assistive technology (such as a screen reader or Braille reader) who experiences difficulty in accessing information on www.vicc.org, may contact the VICC web staff. The nature of the accessibility problem and contact information should be included in any email.
If the accessibility problem involves a particular web page, including the URL (web address) of the page would be helpful. A member of the website staff will contact individuals with accessibility problems as soon as possible to assist them and to provide them the information sought.
Privacy Policy
This policy is about your privacy when using the Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center website (vicc.org). Because it is a website, the site administrators automatically have a small amount of information about your computer location, what you use on the site and how you found it. The policy addresses what information we get about you and how we use it.
Web Cookies
Cookies are small files that many websites place on your hard drive.
We only use anonymous web cookies for Google Analytics, an online tool we used to monitor website usage as part of our continuous improvement process. We do not include personally identifiable information of vicc.org users, nor do we associate this data or allow others to associate this data with any personally identifying information.
Web Server
Our web server collects ("logs") the following general information about you:
your computer's IP address;
the date and time you access our site;
the web address (URL) of each page or file on our site you visit;
the name and release number of web browser software you are using;
the web address (URL) of the website that linked you to our site (e.g. google.com).
This information is stored automatically and is not linked to your personal identity. The exception is in areas of the VICC Intranet, where faculty and staff must log in using a Vanderbilt user name and password.
Web Forms
We do not obtain personal information about you when you visit vicc.org unless you choose voluntarily to provide such information to us.
Patient Privacy
For patient privacy information and resources, please see:
VUMC Office of Patient Affairs
Link Policy
Our website provides visitors with information about programs and services of Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center. We do not attempt to provide or link to general healthcare information of the kind available through WebMD, etc. Our Cancers A-Z index provides Cancer Information Summaries from the National Cancer Institute's Physician Data Query (PDQ®), which provide prognostic and treatment information for major types of adult and pediatric cancers. VanderbiltHealth.com offers a searchable health library (Krames Health Library) for other general healthcare information.
Links to non-Vanderbilt sites should only lead to credible nonprofit, academic, government or specialty association sites (e.g., NCI or ASCO web pages). Acceptable external links include:
Those that guide users to key information, such as to a professional organization or governmental website for a program with which we are affiliated.
Those that support a call to action such as linking to an event registration page.
Connect With Us