https://www.betterhelp.com/online-counseling/
Get Started With A Licensed Counselor
Help us match you to the right counselor.
What type of counseling are you looking for?
Individual counseling (for myself)
Couple counseling (for myself and my partner)
Teenage counseling (for my child)
What is your gender?
Male
Female
Transgender: female to male
Transgender: male to female
Non-binary
Gender fluid
Other
I don't know
Show more
How old are you?
Select your age
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
What is your orientation?
Straight
Gay
Lesbian
Bisexual
Questioning
Pansexual
Queer
Asexual
I don't know
Other
Show more
Would you like to be matched with a counselor who specializes in LGBT issues?
No
Yes
What are your pronouns?
She/her
He/him
They/them
Other
What is your relationship status?
Single
In a relationship
Married
Divorced
Widowed
Other
Do you consider yourself to be religious?
No
Yes
Which religion do you identify with?
Christianity
Judaism
Islam
Other
Would you like to be matched with a counselor who provides Christian-based counseling?
No
Yes
Do you consider yourself to be spiritual?
No
Yes
Have you ever been in counseling or therapy before?
No
Yes
Do you feel that your mental health is being impacted by the coronavirus outbreak?
Yes
No
Maybe
How would you rate your current physical health?
Good
Fair
Poor
How would you rate your current eating habits?
Good
Fair
Poor
Are you currently experiencing overwhelming sadness, grief, or depression?
No
Yes
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Little interest or pleasure in doing things.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed? Or the opposite - being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Feeling down, depressed or hopeless.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Trouble falling asleep, staying asleep, or sleeping too much.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Feeling tired or having little energy.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Poor appetite or overeating.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Feeling bad about yourself - or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way.
Not at all
Several days
More than half the days
Nearly every day
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems:How difficult have these problems made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people?
Not difficult at all
Somewhat difficult
Very difficult
Extremely difficult
Are you currently employed?
No
Yes
Do you have any problems or worries about intimacy?
No
Yes
How often do you drink alcohol?
Never
Infrequently
Monthly
Weekly
Daily
When was the last time you thought about suicide?
Never
Over a year ago
Over 3 months ago
Over a month ago
Over 2 weeks ago
In the last 2 weeks
Have you made specific plans for suicide?
No, it is a general thought or feeling
Yes, I have made specific plans
Are you currently experiencing anxiety, panic attacks or have any phobias?
No
Yes
Are you currently taking any medication?
No
Yes
Are you currently experiencing any chronic pain?
No
Yes
How would you rate your current financial status?
Good
Fair
Poor
How would you rate your current sleeping habits?
Good
Fair
Poor
How comfortable are you with your identity?
Not at all
A little comfortable
Somewhat comfortable
Very comfortable
How much of your LGBT+ identity is contributing to your mental health concerns?
Not at all
Contributing a little bit
Somewhat contributing
Contributing a lot
Solely contributing
Do you prefer to be matched with a counselor who is part of the LGBT community themself?
Yes
No
No preference
If you identify as a Christian, which denomination best describes you?
Protestant
Catholic
Orthodox
Anglican
Presbyterian
Baptist
Lutheran
Methodist
Other
Non-denominational
Not sure
Not a Christian
In order to give your counselor the right expectations, please answer a few questions about your spiritual background. How long has your faith been important to you?
Less than a year
1-3 years
More than 3 years
My whole life
Which best describes your prayer life?
I never pray
I occasionally pray
I pray daily
I pray throughout my day
Which best describes the nature of the counseling you are seeking?
Mental health counseling from a Christian perspective
Spiritual counseling on primarily faith-based matters
Holistic counseling addressing both psychological and spiritual components
Other
What are your preferences around the spiritual component of your counseling (check all that apply):
I would prefer to keep our sessions strictly clinical
I would welcome any biblical wisdom
I would be open to my counselor recommending spiritual disciplines
I would be interested in my counselor incorporating prayer into our sessions
Next
Who referred you to BetterHelp?
Snapchat
Radio
Magazine or Newspaper
TV ad
Streaming (Hulu, Peacock, etc)
TikTok
Social media post
Friend or family member
Podcast
Youtube
Other
Which podcast?
Select podcast
Next
Which country are you in?
Select your country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Disputed Territory
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guyana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Iraq-Saudi Arabia Neutral Zone
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Occupied Territories
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena and Dependencies
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
Spain
Spratly Islands
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
US Virgin Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Next
Which state are you in?
Select your state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Next
What is your preferred language?
Select your preferred language English
American Sign Language
Dutch
French
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Igbo
Italian
Japanese
Malayalam
Persian
Romanian
Spanish
Urdu
Yiddish
Please mark all that apply
I'm a student
I'm a veteran
I'm disabled
I'm unemployed
I'm employed but my income is low
Annual household income:
$
Number of people in household:
I'm financially impacted by the Coronavirus outbreak
Next
You've completed the questionnaire!
Next
Online Counseling Explained
- What Is It? How Can It Help You?
Updated October 6, 2020
Reviewed By Aaron Horn
What You Need To Know About Online Counseling
Online Counseling
Versus Traditional Counseling
How Can You Talk To a Counselor Online?
Testimonials
Online Counseling Sessions: What To Expect
The Benefits of Online Counseling
Is Counseling Online Effective?
Online Counseling Concerns
FAQ
About BetterHelp Online Counseling & Therapy Services
Online Counseling
Versus Traditional Counseling
Online Counseling Versus Traditional Counseling
Although online counseling and traditional counseling share many benefits, there are a few key differences between the two options, which we'll explore in more detail below.
Traditional Counseling Benefits And Drawbacks
Traditional counseling simply means in-person counseling, or face-to-face counseling. If you prefer to speak to your licensed counselor about potentially sensitive topics face-to-face, then traditional counseling may be the most suitable option for you.
However, in-person counseling requires clients to travel to meet their licensed counselors. People generally need to book appointments during their busy workdays, which means taking time off work to drive through traffic. Another drawback to traditional counseling is that many times clients are required to sit in waiting rooms together, and not everyone feels comfortable with the general lack of privacy. In addition, people may not have access to reputable counselors nearby.
Online Counseling Benefits And Drawbacks
If you feel nervous about speaking with your licensed counselor face-to-face, then online counseling may be the best option for you. You may access online counseling platforms from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You don't need to waste any time getting to your appointment; you can connect with your licensed counselor right away (as long as you have an internet connection).
Source: rawpixel.comAnother benefit online counseling offers is the frequency of communication with your licensed counselor. In traditional counseling, clients meet with their licensed counselors once a week. With online counseling, you enjoy weekly live sessions with your licensed counselor (via video chat), but you also have unlimited messaging. This means if you're experiencing any symptoms of mental health issues in the middle of the night (like panic attacks or negative thoughts and behaviors due to PTSD or depression) you can message your licensed counselor in the moment. The next morning, you can see what your licensed counselor has replied.
However, not everyone enjoys speaking with their counselors via video chat. As mentioned above, some people prefer to speak with their counselors face-to-face.
Moving Forward
The choice is ultimately yours; research and personal stories show that both online counseling and traditional counseling are powerful tools for healing from mental health issues.
Both online counselors and traditional counselors face the necessary education, exams, and training requirements before becoming licensed counselors. For example, all BetterHelp counselors possess at least three years (and 1,000 hours) of hands-on experience.
Get matched with a counselor today
How Can You Talk To a Counselor Online?
Email. Emailing allows both parties to write a detailed message. The client can write all their feelings, and the counselor can write a detailed solution. This allows both parties to think about what they are trying to say. However, there is no tone of voice or body language, and the client may try to present himself or herself in the best light when it would be more effective for them to slip up.
Texting. A messenger app may be used. Instant messages are quick and are good for those who need instant gratification. While quick, they are usually less thought out than email.
Video Chatting. Having a face-to-face conversation through your computer or smartphone allows you to have an experience that's like traditional counseling. Body language and tone of voice is fully allowed. Live video chatting has improved quite a bit as well, so there is lesser lag. However, there is always a chance for technical difficulties.
Testimonials
Lauren McCoy(MS, LMFT)
"I really feel a connection with Lauren. There's so many things going on in my life at this time. She helps me to focus on what I can work on for the week. She's great at talking with me and listening to me. Which has made me aware of some things in my life I didn't really pay a lot of attention to. She's a great counselor. I'm thankful for her and this online counseling. Thank you."
Written by Y.V.
Jessica Reed(LMHC) & Online Therapist
"I was ready to give up on finding an online counselor, Jessica was my last try, and she has really been everything I was looking for in a therapist here. I never wait long for a reply, if she won't be able to respond for a day or two she lets me know. It's just incredibly comforting to know your therapist is considering you on that level. I am so pleased with our sessions and progress so far and I'm so glad I tried that one more time."
Written by P.A.
Mary Brieske(MS, LPC, NCC)
"I was in a panic when I joined online counseling because I needed someone to talk to me and tell me they are there. Few minutes later, Mary came through. I typed out my worries and problems and we got right to it. Mary offered a lot of insight and hit the nail on the head as what was going on. Mary has helped me see things that my anxiety wasn't letting me. I'm thankful for Mary and the time she takes to answer my questions and encourages me to keep moving forward. I don't regret joining better help."
Written by J.U.
Lauren Abasheva(LMHC) & Online Counselor
"When I began my sessions with BetterHelp I was skeptical of how well online counseling would work for me, but after almost a month working with Lauren I feel better mentally than I have in a while. It was reassuring to receive her messages and helped me make peace with the issues that I was having. Lauren was relatable and overall a great counselor!"
Written by K.A.
Online Counseling Sessions: What To Expect
The first session is usually the icebreaker, but is still an important first step for effective counseling services. You talk about yourself, your problems, and what you want out of the online counseling session. The counselor, over time, will teach you how to handle your problems by coming up with a plan. For example, with CBT, there may be exercises that are given to you to help you think more positively that other licensed therapists frequently recommend to help people. Behavioral therapy can help people gain insight into why they think the way that they do and help foster change.
One thing you should expect from online counseling, and counseling/couples therapy, faithful counseling, teen counseling, and counseling in general, is that results are not instant. It may take months for your counseling to be effective. The therapist online that you work with can't force you to do anything but instead offers suggestions and strategies.
If their advice doesn't work, they will try something different. Often, everyone's solution is a little different (even in online counseling), and the counselor will work diligently to find the best solution for the job. A good counselor will often think outside the box if needed, and will be one of the many therapists that are licensed.
Get matched with a counselor today
The Benefits of Online Counseling
1
Counselling online allows you the chance to connect with a counselor who isn't in your local area. They have a wealth of experience treating clients who are from all over the country and sometimes in other countries. The counselor you speak to may have a diverse cultural competency that a local counselor may not have.
2
When you work with an online counselor, you can directly tell them what your communication needs are and work together to find the best way for you to feel understood. It's not always easy to express your feelings with a stranger. However, a therapist online is patient and realizes that this may be your first experience with virtual counseling or mental health treatment whatsoever. You're free to tell them how you best show your feelings and they're there to hear you.
3
Sometimes it's hard to open up to a counselor in person about sensitive issues. If you've experienced severe trauma, for example, such as sexual assault or domestic violence you might feel vulnerable or scared to reveal your experience to anyone. An online counselor is used to working with clients who are frightened due to trauma. They can help you work through that fear in the privacy of your own home, or anywhere you feel the most comfortable.
4
Couples therapy online is one of the many forms of treatment available online. There are many relationships where one member of the couple is frequently traveling for work or has trouble committing to a regular counseling time. With online therapy, treatment is more flexible than working in the office with a provider and has the potential to save a marriage or long-term partnerships. If you're seeking a relationship counselor, it's worth considering working with a mental health professional online.
Is Counseling Online Effective?
Here are a few studies that have proven online counselling's effectiveness.
One study revealed that Internet-based cognitive behavioral counseling and therapy services could help individuals who have moderate depression or anxiety; one of the many things this type of counseling offers. Cognitive behavioral therapy, or CBT, is a commonly used counseling technique that involves replacing behaviors or thoughts that can fuel one's depression or anxiety with more positive thoughts or behaviors.
Another study reveals that online counseling (specifically, online CBT) is just as effective as in-person CBT; which is why a growing number of people are using our counseling services on the BetterHelp platform (all therapists are licensed) and are OK with using this method of receiving therapy.
Meet Some Of Our Counselors
All Therapists Are Licensed & Experienced With Hours of Hands-On Experience
Lindsay Burke
LMFT, Lifecoach, Burke
Specialties: Relationship issues/marriage counseling, Family conflicts, Parenting issues, Career difficulties via online & traditional therapy
Years of Experience: 8
Eric Anderson
LMFT,CSAT
Specialties: Addictions, Relationship issues/marriage counseling, Family conflicts, Trauma and abuse
Years of Experience: 7
VaKendall Long
LCSW
Specialties: Stress, Anxiety, Trauma and abuse, Anger management, Self esteem, Depression Online Therapy Services
Years of Experience: 6
Lynn Salsbury
LCSW,MSW (Licensed and Background-Checked)
Specialties: Stress, Anxiety, Relationship issues/marriage counseling, Self esteem, Depression, Coping with life changes using tratitional therapy
Years of Experience: 12
Online Counseling Concerns
Do Online Counseling Concerns Have You Worried?
Counseling should be private.
If you or your counselor is outside in public while you're in the middle of a session, you may want to reconsider rescheduling the appointment since online therapy is usually best suited with a measure of privacy; as should all online therapy services. With online therapy, therapists can access you through phone or video, on the platform specifically that you are using. You can also connect with them using unlimited messaging therapy, which is your doctor on demand They can usually be accessed through mobile apps, depending on what platform you're using.
When would traditional counseling be more appropriate?
While online counseling is effective, the studies have shown that talking to someone in person is more effective if your problems are severe. If your depression or anxiety is intense, or if you are feeling suicidal, you may want to speak to someone in person during a traditional therapy session and not using an online therapy platform like this.
For more information about the following topics:
Online counseling
Online counselors
Please see:
Find more information about online counseling with a licensed counselor from the variety of articles shown below:
Benefits Of Online Counseling
Free Online Counseling Services For Chronic Mental Health Symptoms: What’s The Catch?
Online Therapy Jobs & Online Counseling Jobs Explained
Online Counseling Service Studies: What Conditions Can Be Helped
How Effective Is Online Counseling For Depression?
The Benefits Of Online Counseling Chat
FAQ
I'm anxious to get started. How long until I see a counselor?
We know you want to get help, and that's why we make sure you're matched quickly with a licensed therapist who suits your individual needs. We'll match you with the right counselor for you within 24 hours. Rest assured that you don't have to wait long at all. We're working hard to get you started with online counseling as soon as possible.
Can I keep identity a secret?
If you feel more comfortable being anonymous, we honor that need. BetterHelp (leading online therapy services globally) wants you to feel comfortable sharing your feelings with your counselor, and you don't have to disclose your full name; and remember, all therapists are licensed. You can even have a nickname if that makes you feel comfortable. What's most important is you getting help from the best online therapists available, feeling comfortable, and secure. Of the more than 105,000,000 online sessions our licensed counselors have had with people dealing with things like depression, anxiety, stress, getting marriage counseling (aka... couples therapy) with a family therapist, family relationship counseling, or simply an alternative to traditional face-to-face therapy.
What do I learn in counseling?
Depending on what your goal is, your counselor can teach you a lot. You might be interested in learning how to cope with depression. An online counselor who specializes in Cognitive Behavior Therapy can teach you strategies to deal with negative thought patterns and reframe your thinking so that you can cope with depression and start to feel better. You might work through a traumatic experience, learn your triggers and start to heal. There are so many skills you can acquire during online therapy sessions; which is why taking the time you need to find a therapist that best suits you is worth the effort. Start learning what those skills are today!
How long do I see a counselor?
The relationship with your counselor is unique. You can see your licensed therapist as long as you want to so that you get the support you need. Everyone's journey is different, and there's no timeline for healing. You have the right to take your mental health into your hands. You and your counselor can collectively decide how frequent you meet and how long your relationship continues.
Get matched with a counselor today
About BetterHelp Online Counseling & Therapy Services
BetterHelp is an online therapy service founded in 2013 by Alon Matas and a growing hub for online counseling and therapy focused on offering digital therapy sessions when and where you need them. While having confidence that our therapists are licensed, they're also a group who have worked with clients in their private practices are expanding their careers and accepting clients online, which means you're choosing from seasoned, highly-rated mental health professionals who know how to help you and your needs. Currently, over 40,000,000 sessions & counseling services have helped over a million people with their mental health. You can read some counseling personal stories on our success page.
Follow us on Instagram - regularly updated with motivational content.
Follow us on Twitter - consistently updated with uplifting quotes and links, and educational information about mental health.
Follow us on Facebook - regularly updated with helpful reminders for mental health and wellness.
Follow us on Pinterest - a web-based bulletin board that allows viewers to share and discover their interests.
Follow us on LinkedIn - learn more about our company and careers.
More Places To Find Us
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.betterhelp&hl=en_US
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/betterhelp-online-counseling/id995252384
https://www.facebook.com/BetterHelp/
https://twitter.com/betterhelp?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
https://www.linkedin.com/company/betterhelp-com/about/
https://www.amsa.org/members/benefits/betterhelp/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BetterHelp
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/www.betterhelp.com?page=5
https://www.regain.us/advice/general/betterhelp-is-it-the-best-online-therapy-and-counseling-platform-in-2020-and-why/
Therapy is a personal experience, and not everyone will go into it seeking the same things. But, keeping these nine things in mind can ensure that you will get the most out of online therapy, regardless of what your specific goals are.If you’re still wondering if therapy is right for you, and how much therapy costs, please contact us at contact@betterhelp.com.
BetterHelp specializes in online therapy to help address all types of mental health concerns. If you’re interested in individual therapy, please reach out to contact@betterhelp.com. For more information about BetterHelp as a company, please find us on
Pinterest
Linkedin
Twitter
Instagram
Google+
Facebook
Tumblr.
If you need a crisis hotline or want to learn more about therapy, please see below:
RAINN (Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network) - 1-800-656-4673
The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline - 1-800-273-8255
National Domestic Violence Hotline - 1-800-799-7233
NAMI Helpline (National Alliance on Mental Illness) - 1-800-950-6264
For more information on mental health, please see:
SAMHSA (Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration) SAMHSA Facebook, SAMHSA Twitter, SAMHSA LinkedIn
Mental Health America, MHA Twitter, MHA Facebook, MHA Instagram, MHA Pinterest
WebMD, WebMD Facebook, WebMD Twitter, WebMD Pinterest
NIMH (National Institute of Mental Health), NIMH Facebook, NIMH Twitter, NIMH YouTube
APA (American Psychiatric Association), APA Twitter, APA Facebook, APA LinkedIN, APA Instagram
BetterHelp Online Counseling is proudly HIPAA Compliant
×
Your session is about to expire!
You will be logged out in
seconds.
Keep me active
Log out
We use BetterHelp and third-party cookies and web beacons to help the site function properly, analyze usage, and measure the effectiveness of our ads. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more.
OK
×
Would you like to be transferred to Regain.us (operated by BetterHelp), where you can get couples counseling for you and your partner?
Go to Regain.us (couples counseling)
Stay Here (individual counseling)
Would you like to be transferred to our sister site, PrideCounseling.com, where you can get counseling for the LGBTQ community?
Go to PrideCounseling.com
Cancel
Would you like to be transferred to TeenCounseling.com (operated by BetterHelp), where you can get counseling for your child?
Go to TeenCounseling.com (counseling for your child)
Stay Here (individual counseling)
You are being transferred to our sister site TeenCounseling.com, which serves clients aged 13 to 19.
Go to TeenCounseling.com
Would you like to be transferred to our sister site, FaithfulCounseling.com, where you can get Christian-based counseling?
Go to FaithfulCounseling.com
Cancel