http://www.copaxone.com/copaxone/privacy-notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective Date: June 1, 2020
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. and its North American affiliates (collectively, "Teva”) is providing this notice (“Privacy Notice”) to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This Privacy Notice applies only to the use and collection of data collected by this website, and does not apply to any other data collected by Teva or its affiliates through any other website or other means.
As used in this Privacy Notice, "we," "our" and "us" means Teva, and its related companies and affiliates.
The Data We Collect
We collect and store information that you voluntarily choose to give us or enter on our website, such as personal identifiers (e.g., your name, address, email address, mobile number, and username and password (if any)), professional or employment-related information (e.g. professional title and credentials), and medical information and other health information that you provide during account registration or otherwise. If you do not want us to collect this information, please do not provide it to us.
We may also collect certain other categories of information automatically, including internet and electronic network activity information such as your device type, Internet Protocol (IP) address, device and advertising identifiers, operating system, Internet service provider, the date and time of your website use, information about the links you click and your other interactions with the website, and other standard log information. We also may receive error-reporting information in the event of a technical error, including the device type and version, device identifiers, the time the error occurred, the feature being used, the state of the website when the error occurred, and any communications or content provided at the time the error occurred.
We and our third party partners may use cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies to automatically collect and store any of the above information. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by a web browser. Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your device. By using the website, you consent to our and our third party partners’ use of cookies and similar technologies.
We also use Google Analytics, an analytics tool provided by Google, to collect and analyze information about your access and use of the website. This information is collected and processed by Google and may identify, for example, the name of the website, which parts of the site you visit, how you arrived at the website, the frequency and duration of those visits, how you navigate within the website, which elements of the website you interact with and other usage data. Google Analytics uses cookies and other identifiers to identify you each time you use the website. For more information about the data Google collects and how it uses that data, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Use and Sharing of Data
We may use the data we collect, including your personally identifiable information, for such business purposes as authentication, to provide you with services that you request, and/or to personalize product or service information for you. We may also use the data we collect, including your personally identifiable information, to provide you with additional information about our products and services, to provide you with advertising based on your activity on our websites and on third-party websites, to optimize or improve our products, services and operations (including the effectiveness of our promotional or advertising campaigns), to manage customer information across Teva websites, apps and other platforms and to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal, or for technical support, troubleshooting or account administration purposes.
We may also share your personally identifiable information with our affiliates, agents, contractors, or trusted business partners in order that they may perform services for us. Our agents, contractors, or trusted business partners may use your information consistent with their own privacy notices.
We may also share your personally identifying information with third parties (i) as required by law, (ii) to protect and defend the rights of Teva, the website, or the users of the website, (iii) as incident to a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, or similar event, (iv) under circumstances we believe reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of users of Teva products and services, the website or the public, or (v) as specifically directed by you.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Notice. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We also may collect information from other sources and combine it with information we collect about you under this Privacy Notice. We may analyze, make inferences, and conduct research on users’ demographics, interests and behaviors based upon information provided to us during their use of our website or that we have otherwise obtained and combined with your information. We also may produce anonymous, aggregated statistical information. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information. We use this demographic information, such as the percentage of male or female visitors, or the percentage of visitors within certain age brackets, to gain user insights or improve the content of our website. We also may share this anonymous, aggregated information, which does not include personally identifiable information and is not subject to this Privacy Notice, with third parties.
Safety, Efficacy and Quality
You consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the event we become aware of an adverse event or product complaint in order to (a) comply with any reporting requirements under applicable law, and (b) contact you for further information about the adverse event or product complaint. Click here to access Teva’s Global Pharmacovigilance Privacy Policy and learn how we collect and use personal data to help us fulfill our pharmacovigilance obligations.
Public Forums
You should also be aware that any communication you submit or that may be posted to any publicly viewable interactive feature such as a blog, community forum or testimonial page is a public communication and may be viewed by the general public. Therefore, you should not expect privacy or confidentiality of the content you submit to such services over our websites, whether or not it includes personal information about you. If you display your personal information in any communication submitted to such services or features, other individuals may collect and use your personal information. We are not responsible for, nor can we guarantee the protection of, any personal information you disclose in a communication submitted to such services or features for posting or contained in an email or other communication submitted to us for such posting, and thus, if you disclose personal information in any such material, you do so at your own risk.
Testimonials
From time to time, we display personal testimonials on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at USPrivacy@tevapharm.com.
Communications
We may collect your contact information through the website to provide you product, safety or service information or other requested information or services. By providing your contact information to us, you consent to receive electronic communications, including email communications, from Teva regarding the website and other related matters. If you subscribe to a newsletter(s) or request other product or service information, we will use your contact information to send such information to you. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us at USPrivacy@tevapharm.com.
On some websites, if you choose to use our referral function to tell a friend about our website, we will ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address as well as your information. The form automatically sends your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website. We will only collect and use this information to send this invitation.
Surveys
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our website. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information and/or health information (such as zip code and health condition information).
Social Media Features
Our website may include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and Widgets, the “Share this” button, and interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect identifiers such as your IP address, internet and electronic network activity information such as which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the Privacy Notice of the company providing it. In addition, if you use social media or other third-party services (e.g., Facebook or Google) to login to the website, these third parties may be able to collect information about you in accordance with their own privacy notices. We do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, and you should review their privacy notices carefully.
Protecting Your Information
We have enacted commercially reasonable physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to secure your information that is stored on our systems. You should understand, however, that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
Special Note Regarding Website Use By Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. This website is not intended or designed to attract children. If you are under 13, please do not send any personal information about yourself to us. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at USPrivacy@tevapharm.com and we will delete such information.
Links to Other Websites
As a resource to our visitors, we may provide links to other websites. Please be aware that these other websites are not covered under this Privacy Notice. We suggest that when linking to another website, you always read that website's privacy notice before volunteering any personally identifiable information.
Location Services
Some services on this website may make use of location-based data. If you allow these services, we may collect information about the Wi-Fi routers closest to you or the cell IDs of the towers closest to you. We may use this information to provide the requested service or to provide you content based upon your location. Although we may use or collect geo-location data, we are not capable of assisting in an emergency
"Refer-A-Friend" or “Forward-to-a-Friend” Functionality
We may offer you opportunities to request that we send content from our website or otherwise reach out to friends or family members that you believe may be interested in learning more about our products or services. If you choose to make such a referral, which is voluntary, we may ask you for identifiers such as your name and contact information as well as contact information for the individual or individuals that you refer, such as their name, email address and/or phone number. When we contact your friend, we may identify you as the party that made the referral.
Online Tracking and Opt-Out Options
We work with third party advertising or personalization partners that use tracking pixels or cookies to help us display personalized content and advertising based on your visits to this website or other websites, and across your devices. Cookies placed by our third party partners may also assist us with measuring the performance of our advertising campaigns. Some of these third parties permit you to opt-out of cookies and interest-based advertising through the Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp) and Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
Do Not Track (DNT) is a preference you can set in your web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want to be tracked. You can disable or enable this setting by visiting the Preferences or Settings menu of your web browser. This website does not respond to do not track (DNT) signals.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Teva may, from time to time in its sole discretion, change or modify this Privacy Notice to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. Any changes or modifications will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the website. At any given time, your access and use of the website and provision of information is governed by the Privacy Notice then in effect. We may post changes or modifications to referenced policies and guidelines without your approval, and may determine whether and when any such changes apply to you. Your continued use of the website following our posting of any changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Should you not wish to be bound by the modified Privacy Notice, you may not use or access the website. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
Feedback
Comments, suggestions, or other communications sent by you to us are deemed to be non-confidential. We have no obligations of any kind in relation to such comments, suggestions, or communications and are free to use or distribute them in any way, including in relation to the administration, update, or improvement of the website, without compensation to the author, sender, or any other party.
By using the website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Notice. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice you may contact us at:
Teva Pharmaceuticals Attn: North America Privacy Officer 400 Interpace Parkway Parsippany, NJ 07054
Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
This section supplements the description of our information collection and sharing practices elsewhere in this Privacy Notice to provide certain disclosures to California residents whose personal information Teva processes pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Please note that these disclosures do not apply to information that is not processed under the CCPA.
During the preceding 12 months, Teva has collected, used, and shared the categories of personal information described above in this Privacy Notice. For example, depending on the Services you use, this may include identifiers (e.g., email addresses, IP addresses, and mobile device identifiers), health information, demographic information, geolocation information, and internet or other electronic network activity information. This may also include inferences we draw from the other information we collect. See the “The Data We Collect,” “Surveys,” “Location Services” and other relevant sections of this Privacy Notice for more details.
Under the CCPA, California residents may have the request that a business that collects consumers’ personal information give consumers additional transparency and access to the specific pieces of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information under certain circumstances. Please note that these rights are not absolute. For example, we may not delete information we are required to retain for regulatory reasons, certain internal business purposes, or where otherwise provided for by law. In addition, we will not respond to a request if we cannot verify you as the requestor.
Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity, including by asking you for additional information. If you would like to use an agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise your rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information or otherwise permitted by law. Please submit your request by sending an email to USPrivacy@tevapharm.com or by telephone at 1-800-545-8800.
TOP
Toggle
Use
COPAXONE® is a prescription medicine that is used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease, and active secondary progressive disease, in adults.
Important Safety Information
Do not use COPAXONE® if you are allergic to glatiramer acetate or mannitol.
Serious side effects may happen right after or within minutes after you inject COPAXONE® at any time during your course of treatment. Call your doctor right away if you have any of these immediate post-injection reaction symptoms including: redness to your cheeks or other parts of the body (flushing); chest pain; fast heart beat; anxiety; breathing problems or tightness in your throat; or swelling, rash, hives, or itching. If you have symptoms of an immediate post-injection reaction, do not give yourself more injections until a doctor tells you to.
You can have chest pain as part of an immediate post-injection reaction or by itself. This type of chest pain usually lasts a few minutes and can begin around 1 month after you start using COPAXONE®. Call your doctor right away if you have chest pain while using COPAXONE®.
Damage to the fatty tissue just under your skin’s surface (lipoatrophy) and, rarely, death of your skin tissue (necrosis) can happen when you use COPAXONE®. Damage to the fatty tissue under your skin can cause a “dent” at the injection site that may not go away. You can reduce your chance of developing these problems by following your doctor’s instructions for how to use COPAXONE® and choosing a different injection area each time you use COPAXONE®.
Liver problems, including liver failure, can occur with COPAXONE®. Call your healthcare provider right away if you have symptoms, such as nausea, loss of appetite, tiredness, dark colored urine and pale stools, yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eye, bleeding more easily than normal, confusion, or sleepiness.
The most common side effects of COPAXONE® include redness, pain, swelling, itching, or a lump at the injection site; rash; shortness of breath; flushing; and chest pain.
Tell your doctor if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of COPAXONE®. For more information, ask your doctor or pharmacist. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects.
You are encouraged to report side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
Please read the Patient Information in the full Prescribing Information.
Connect with us on the Lift MS® Blog & Facebook
Injections for 3-times-a-week COPAXONE® 40 mg must be at least 48 hours apart.
†Applies only to daily COPAXONE® 20 mg. Certain limits and restrictions apply.
COPAXONE Co-pay Solutions® Program Rules for COPAXONE® (Glatiramer Acetate Injection) 20 mg—Patient Eligibility, Terms and Conditions: Valid only for qualified patients with a valid prescription for COPAXONE® 20 mg/mL. No substitutions permitted. This card is valid only for patients with commercial insurance coverage for COPAXONE® 20 mg/mL. This card is not valid for prescriptions paid for in part or in full by any state or federally funded program, including but not limited to, Medicare or Medicaid, Medigap, VA, DoD, TRICARE, the Puerto Rico Government Health Insurance Plan or by private health insurance plans or programs which reimburse you for the entire costs of your prescription drugs. This card is not valid for patients who are Medicare eligible and enrolled in an employer-sponsored health plan or prescription drug benefit program for retirees (i.e., you are eligible for Medicare Part D but receive a prescription drug benefit through a former employer). Cash Discount Cards and other non-insurance plans are not valid as primary under this offer. Commercially insured patients pay as little as $0 on each fill. Maximum benefit and quantity limits apply. Offer expires on 12/31/20. Your acceptance of this offer must be consistent with the terms of any drug benefit provided by a health insurer, health plan, or other third-party payer, and you agree to report acceptance of this offer to your health insurer, health plan, or third-party payer as may be required. Offer limited to one card per person and may not be used with any other discount, coupon or offer. Offer is not transferable. It is illegal to sell, purchase, trade or counterfeit this card. This card is not health insurance. This card is the property of Teva Neuroscience, Inc. and must be returned upon request. Offer valid only in the United States or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico at participating retail, mail order and specialty pharmacies. For California patients, offer not valid unless the patient has satisfied any prior authorization or step therapy requirements imposed by the insurer. Void in Massachusetts and in any other state where prohibited by law, taxed, or restricted. Teva Neuroscience, Inc. reserves the right to change, rescind, revoke, or discontinue this offer at any time without notice.
††Applies only to 3-times-a-week COPAXONE® 40 mg. Certain limits and restrictions apply.
COPAXONE Co-pay Solutions® Program Rules for COPAXONE® (Glatiramer Acetate Injection) 40 mg—Patient Eligibility, Terms and Conditions: Valid only for qualified patients with a valid prescription for COPAXONE® 40 mg/mL. No substitutions permitted. This card is valid only for patients with commercial insurance coverage for COPAXONE® 40 mg/mL. This card is not valid for prescriptions paid for in part or in full by any state or federally funded program, including but not limited to, Medicare or Medicaid, Medigap, VA, DoD, TRICARE, the Puerto Rico Government Health Insurance Plan or by private health insurance plans or programs which reimburse you for the entire costs of your prescription drugs. This card is not valid for patients who are Medicare eligible and enrolled in an employer-sponsored health plan or prescription drug benefit program for retirees (i.e., you are eligible for Medicare Part D but receive a prescription drug benefit through a former employer). Cash Discount Cards and other non-insurance plans are not valid as primary under this offer. Commercially insured patients pay as little as $0 on each fill. Maximum benefit and quantity limits apply. Offer expires on 12/31/20. Your acceptance of this offer must be consistent with the terms of any drug benefit provided by a health insurer, health plan, or other third-party payer, and you agree to report acceptance of this offer to your health insurer, health plan, or third-party payer as may be required. Offer limited to one card per person and may not be used with any other discount, coupon or offer. Offer is not transferable. It is illegal to sell, purchase, trade or counterfeit this card. This card is not health insurance. This card is the property of Teva Neuroscience, Inc. and must be returned upon request. Offer valid only in the United States or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico at participating retail, mail order and specialty pharmacies. For California patients, offer not valid unless the patient has satisfied any prior authorization or step therapy requirements imposed by the insurer. Void in Massachusetts and in any other state where prohibited by law, taxed, or restricted. Teva Neuroscience, Inc. reserves the right to change, rescind, revoke, or discontinue this offer at any time without notice.
autoject®2 for glass syringe is a registered trademark of Owen Mumford, Ltd. Available by prescription only. Apple is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
Close You are about to leave this site
You are about to leave COPAXONE.com and enter a website operated by a third party.
Would you like to continue?
Yes No
Close Are you a healthcare professional?
The information on this site is intended for healthcare professionals in the United States. Are you a healthcare professional in the United States?
Yes No