https://www.achi.org.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy, Disclaimer and Disclosure
Intended Audience
Our web site is intended for anyone interested in the activities of our organisation.
Privacy Policy
Consistent with current government policy and legislation, we support fair information handling practices.  Any information provided during the use of the ACHI web site, including identification of individuals, will be used only for the purpose intended and where this purpose requires confidentiality, the information will be kept confidential unless required by law.
Web site “cookies” and logs are used for statistical purposes and to customise the user experience on this site.  No attempt will be made by us made to identify specific users or their browsing activity.  De-identified data from these logs may be used to update and improve our web site and to report to the operator and/or owner of this site.
You can choose to selectively or completely disable cookies in your browser settings.  However, the latter may affect how you are able to interact with websites including the ability to login to accounts and services.
If you would like further information, please contact the authors of this site at Secretary@ACHI.org.au
Disclaimer
The information provided on our web site is designed to support, not to replace, the relationship that exists between a patient/site visitor and his/her physician.
You should not rely on the contents of the ACHI web site without first obtaining advice from a qualified professional.  Any information contained on this website is made available for the benefit of persons interested in the subject matter and with the understanding that the authors of this web site are not responsible for the results of any actions you take based on the information contained on this website nor for any error in or omission from that information.
If you link to this web site, we will not be liable for anything done or omitted to be done caused by or in connection with you linking to this web site.
The links provided on our web site are provided for the benefit of interested persons and with the understanding that the authors, operators and/or owners of this web site are not responsible for the content or any other aspect of these links.
Disclosure
No commercial organisations provide financial support for this web site.  It is entirely supported by volunteers.
The ACHI web site does not host advertisements or receive funding from advertising.
Recent News
Information webinar for Members and Fellows
Notice of Special General Meetings: Forming a new organisation
Submission to 2019 review of the Australian and New Zealand Standard Research Classification (ANZSRC) 20190507
Opportunity for an informatics academic position at UNSW
Lecturers / Senior Lecturers – Digital Health, Image Analytics
Topics of Interestevent
Fellowship Program
Fellowship Training Program
funding
grants
news
PhD
PhD candidates
research
SME
submission
work placement
The Health Informatics Society of Australia (HISA) has merged with the Australasian College of Health Informatics (ACHI) to form the Australasian Institute of Digital Health on Monday 24 February 2020. This site will no longer be updated and will be preserved for archive. Visit us at the Institute! www.digitalhealth.org.au.