http://www.icnirp.de/en/privacy-policy.html
On this website we use technical cookies only and with the sole purpose of offering the best functionality. No third parties are given access to those. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Find out more about our cookie poliy and privacy policy.>
ACCEPT
ICNIRP RF EMF Guidelines
The ICNIRP RF EMF Guidelines (100 kHz-300 GHz) are published and available for download.
Read more
ICNIRP
As an independent non-profit organization, the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) provides scientific advice and guidance on the health and environmental effects of non-ionizing radiation (NIR) to protect people and the environment from detrimental NIR exposure.NIR refers to electromagnetic radiation such as ultraviolet, light, infrared, and radiowaves, and mechanical waves such as infra- and ultrasound. In daily life, common sources of NIR include the sun, household electrical appliances, mobile phones, Wi-Fi, and microwave ovens.
Read more
Frequencies
Non-ionizing radiation (NIR) is a generic term used to describe electromagnetic radiation that does not carry enough photon energy to ionize atoms or molecules and, as per its definition, also includes mechanical waves (infra- and ultrasound). Non-ionizing radiation is sub-grouped into frequencies (number of oscillation per second) or wavelength bands (distance between two peaks of an oscillation). This classification is not always used strictly and might differ depending on the information source. ICNIRP uses subcategories of NIR, which group frequencies or wavelength bands together, and treats these groupings separately in terms of protection.
Static Magnetic Fields (0 Hz)Static Electric Fields (0 Hz)LF
(1 Hz-100 kHz)RF EMF (100 kHz - 300 GHz)Infrared (780 nm-1mm)Visible (380-780 nm)UV (100-400 nm)
Applications
People are exposed to NIR in naturally occurring situations, for example to the magnetic field of the earth and to radiation from the sun. Within the last century individual’s NIR exposure has increased through the use of a wide array of technological applications that utilise NIR, such as electric appliances and communication devices. ICNIRP expresses its protection recommendation primarily through the ICNIRP guidelines related to a specific frequency or wavelength band independently from the source. Read here how these recommendations translate for some common NIR applications.
MRIPower LinesMobile PhonesBase Stations5GWI-FIDECTInfrared Warming CabinsSunbedsUV IndexLED
Publications
As an independent organization, ICNIRP provides scientific information and science-based advice on protection from non-ionizing radiations (NIR) through a wide range of publications. All ICNIRP publications are listed here and most of them are available as downloads. The ICNIRP guidelines and statements are for free. Other material, such as the ICNIRP blue books, can be ordered online via this website.
continue
Workshops
As part of its mission ICNIRP fosters the scientific NIR dialogue through the organization of a vast number of international Workshops on various NIR protection issues. Every four year, in particular, the International NIR workshop provides a platform for ICNIRP to present and explain its views on its main current works and recent achievements. Most lectures provided at workshops are gathered or summarized within proceedings which are available as blue books or in scientific journals after the event.
continue
prev
next
News > View all
Tools & Topics
Oct
2020
International NIR Workshop
Due to the COVID-19 crisis, the ICNIRP NIR Workshop, Seoul, Korea is cancelled. Other arrangements will be planned and information on those will follow. Thank you for your interest.
May
2020
UVC LAMPS and SARS-COV-2
ICNIRP cautions against use of UVC lamps to kill/inactivate the coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)
Apr
2020
COVID-19 and RF EMF
Exposure from 5G telecommunications devices does not cause COVID-19
Follow us!Support ICNIRPFAQ re certificatesUV Index
jump to top