https://www.isuog.org/journal/uog-privacy-policy.html
You're here:
Homepage
Journal
UOG Privacy Policy
UOG Privacy Policy
Bookmark this page
This policy covers ISUOG’s use of personal information that is collected through ScholarOne. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. When using your personal information, ISUOG will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet best practice.
By registering personal data on ScholarOne, you consent to its following use by ISUOG:
Collection and retention, except in case of request for its earlier removal, according to the following time periods:
Indefinitely for authors’ personal data.
All manuscript files are archived 180 days after acceptance, 60 days after rejection and 365 days after a request for revision (if a revised manuscript is not submitted before that time expires).
Archived files are stored by Clarivate for 2 years before deletion.
ISUOG may use authors' personal data during the peer-review process for contact purposes. These data may also be used to reach out to authors to discuss possible publication opportunities.
In case of acceptance of your manuscript for publication, in order for the publication process to be managed, manuscript files and your personal data will be shared with our production tracking system, typesetting supplier (Laserwords Private Ltd., Chennai, India) and online hosting supplier.
On publication on Accepted Article, Early View or in an issue, provided affiliation address(es) of author(s), as well as provided contact information of the corresponding author (full affiliation address and e-mail), will be detailed in their article.
Sharing of manuscript full text and metadata to third-party indexes and article-hosting repositories will occur upon publication of your article in UOG. UOG is covered by the following abstracting and indexing services: Biotechnology & Bioengineering Abstracts (CSA/CIG), Cambridge Scientific Abstracts (CSA/CIG), CINAHL: Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature (EBSCO), Current Contents®/Clinical Medicine (Thomson ISI), EMBASE/Excerpta Medica (Elsevier), EMNursing (Elsevier), Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed (NLM), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition (Thomson ISI), MIDIRS: Midwifery Digest (Midwives Information & Resource Service), PASCAL Database (INIST/CNRS), Science Citation Index Expanded™ (Thomson ISI), Science Citation Index® (Thomson ISI), SCOPUS (Elsevier), SIIC Databases (Sociedad Iberoamericana de Informacion Cientifica), Web of Science® (Thomson ISI), CSA Biological Sciences Database (CSA/CIG).
Access to your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information ISUOG holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Please address requests to the ISUOG Secretariat at info@isuog.org.
Use of cookies and IP address
Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer, which are used to store information that would otherwise be lost when the browser was closed. When a user logs onto ScholarOne, a cookie is created and placed on the computer so the user can access the restricted content. This information may include IP addresses (a unique number that identifies each computer on the Internet and is assigned to the user’s computer each time they connect to the Internet), browser type, Internet service provider ("ISP"), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g. HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data in order to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or services.
External links
ScholarOne may contain links to other external websites that do not fall under its domain. ISUOG is not responsible for the privacy practices and the content of such external websites.
Third parties
ISUOG does not sell or give away personal information to third parties, other than in the instances mentioned above.
The International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by ISUOG through ScolarOne.
Share
Journal news
More articles from UOG
Virtual issues
Educational resources
Journal Club
UOG highlights
UOG videos
For authors
UOG Privacy Policy
UOG App
UOG team
Contact UOG
OK
Loading...
Cancel
OK
Loading...
Cancel
Login
Loading...