https://www.americaninstitute.edu/privacy-policy/
American Institute is committed to protecting the privacy of our website users. Our privacy policy covers any visitor to our website, including current and prospective students. This privacy policy applies specifically to information collected from this website and how it will be utilized for marketing and student recruitment purposes.
Information Collected
American Institute collects various types of information through this website. American Institute may use information collected through cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes. No information which personally identifies site visitors will be collected through the cookies. Visitors can set their browsers to block and/or notify themselves of a cookie’s presence.
Personally identifiable information may be collected when the website user provides the information in response to an advertisement, a request for Information, or when registering for our educational or other services.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Information Uses
We may collect, use and disclose personal information for the following purposes:
to analyze how the website is being accessed and used
to improve site performance and delivery
to respond to user-initiated inquiries
to determine admissibility in and registration for selected educational programs
to provide requested products and services
to contact by phone, direct mail or electronic mail regarding your interests related to the use of this site for our internal marketing purposes, which includes, but is not limited to, sending material about products, services, updates, etc. that we think may be of interest for fostering communication and collaboration
for sharing with our Business Associates who are performing services on our behalf
to maintain business records for reasonable periods
and/or as may be required or permitted by legal, regulatory, industry self-regulatory, insurance, audit, or security requirements applicable to the School, our Educational Partners, or our Business Associates
for displaying ads or other content related to your visit to this site, which includes:
third party vendors, including Google, show targeted ads on sites on the internet
third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this website
(users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy/ads)
Your Rights and Choices
You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information at any time, subject to contractual, academic, legal or technical restrictions and reasonable notice. At any time, if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you may express your choice where indicated on the applicable email or other communication. Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy. If you are looking for an opt-out option for our tracking features such as screen recordings and Internet Protocol (I.P.) tracking, which is used only for analytical data to provide a better user experience for the consumer, you may click here.
Other Important Information
We will take commercially reasonable measures to secure and store your information to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Information under our control. American Institute may update this policy or revise it from time to time. If the website user is concerned about how personal information is used or disclosed, the user should contact us as described below or check back at this website periodically to obtain a current copy of this Privacy Policy.
External Links
The American Institute Website contains links to other websites belonging to alliance partners, clients, and other sites of interest to our users. American Institute does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. Should users depart American Institute site, it is recommended they read all relevant privacy policies.
How to Contact Us or Access Your Information
If you want to access, wish to update, or have any questions about your personal information and our privacy practices, please contact:
American Institute
Webmaster
711 Westchester Ave, Ste. 207
White Plains, NY 10604
Request Information
Select a Campus...
Clifton, NJ
Somerset, NJ
Toms River, NJ
West Hartford, CT
Select a Program...
Level of Education...
Some High School
High School Diploma
Some College
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree
Doctorate Degree
By checking this box, I agree to be called by or on behalf of American Institute. American Institute may utilize an automatic telephone dialing system or text messages to the phone number(s) provided on this form, including wireless number(s). All calls placed will be regarding educational services that you are requesting. You are not required to provide consent to receive services from American Institute.
PROGRAMSAdministrative Office Professional
Dental Assisting
Diagnostic Medical Sonography (Ultrasound)
ESL – English as a Second Language
Massage Therapy
Medical Assisting
Medical Coding and Billing
LATEST NEWS
COVID-19 and Our Community
June 24, 2020
Taking Care of Your Mental Health and Wellbeing During COVID-19
April 13, 2020
Maintain Your Progress While Social Distancing: 7 Simple Ways to Study Effectively at Home
March 23, 2020
What Does a Diagnostic Medical Sonographer Do?
January 30, 2020
Why a Career Change Could be a Good Idea
December 27, 2019
LOCATIONS
West Hartford, CT99 South StreetWest Hartford, CT 06110Clifton, NJ346 Lexington AvenueClifton, NJ 07011Somerset, NJ80 Cottontail Lane, Suite 103Somerset, NJ 08873Toms River, NJ2363 Lakewood RoadToms River, NJ 08755
PROGRAMS
Administrative Office ProfessionalDental AssistingDiagnostic Medical SonographyESL – English as a Second LanguageMassage TherapyMedical AssistingMedical Coding and BillingNurse’s Aide – FastTrack
SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
ACCREDITATION
Copyright © 2019 American Institute. View our Privacy Policy. All rights reserved.
Close Menu
About Us
Humans of American Institute
Accreditation
Yearbook Archives
Programs
Administrative Office Professional
Dental Assisting
Diagnostic Medical Sonography (Ultrasound)
ESL – English as a Second Language
Massage Therapy
Medical Assisting
Medical Coding and Billing
Nurse’s Aide
Admissions
Admission Process
Contact a Representative
FAQ
Request Info
Non-Discrimination Policy
Locations
Clifton, NJ
Somerset, NJ
Toms River, NJ
West Hartford, CT
Updates
Contact us
Consumer info