http://www.acponline.org/advocacy/state-health-policy
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
You are using an outdated browser.
To ensure optimal security, this website will soon be unavailable on this browser. Please upgrade your browser to allow continued use of ACP websites.
Advocacy
Where We Stand
ACP Advocate Newsletter
Advocates for Internal Medicine Network
State Health PolicyACA Enrollment
Education & Events
Advocacy in Action
Current Public Policy Papers
ACP Policies & Recommendations
You are hereHomeAdvocacyState Health Policy State Health Policy
ACP's State Health Policy program helps internists gain influence in their state capitols on issues affecting them and their patients. Learn more below about the key policy issues impacting the states, how chapters can take action, and other available tools and resources.
2020 State Legislative Session Calendar
Find out when your state’s legislative session begins, adjourns and convene for special sessions.
COVID-19
ACP has prepared a chapter action toolkit that ACP chapters can use to advance policies at the state level as they relate to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.
View Toolkit
ACP’s New Vision for the U.S. Health Care System
ACP urges chapters to educate and influence stakeholders and state policymakers about ACP’s New Vision for the U.S. Health Care System in order to build a better, fairer, simpler, and less costly health care system.
Learn More
Health Coverage
ACTION Stabilizing Health Insurance Markets
ACP has prepared a chapter action tool kit that ACP chapters can use to advance policies at the state level that will help ensure continued health coverage and essential benefits, strengthen and expand Medicaid, and stabilize the health insurance market.
INFO Developments with the Affordable Care Act (ACA)
The Trump Administration and Congress have made repeated attempts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, or otherwise weaken the law through executive action. Some recent changes to existing law are notable.
INFO ACA Enrollment: Help Your Patients Enroll in Health Insurance Marketplaces
ACP has put together a series of documents to address questions about the changes in healthcare coverage brought about by the marketplaces.
INFO Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP)
Federal funding for CHIP expired for a period of months in 2017 and legislation was enacted in 2018 to reinstate funding for CHIP for 10 more years.
Medicaid
INFO Future of Medicaid
Efforts by the Trump Administration and Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) have left many states uncertain about the future of the ACA and the financing for Medicaid expansion, and Medicaid as a whole.
ACTION State Medicaid Waivers
The Section 1115 demonstrations allow states to waive certain requirements and have been used by states to expand eligibility, test delivery system reforms, and establish managed care programs, among other things. ACP chapters should evaluate and submit comments, if appropriate, on proposed Medicaid waivers submitted by their state, especially if those waivers conflict with ACP policy.
Federal Workforce Programs
INFO Community Health Centers, National Health Service Corps, and Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Education
These federal health programs operate in communities across the country and are designed to expand access to primary care services and they rely on the federal government for their funding.
INFO Loan and Scholarship Programs under Title VII
These programs within Title VII are noteworthy because they have a significant impact on the pipeline of incoming primary care physicians.
Physician Payment
INFO Congress Works to Address Surprise Medical Billing
ACP has prepared a chapter information brief to help inform ACP chapters about ACP’s principles on surprise medical billing. As Congress works to develop legislation addressing the problem of surprise billing, the brief is designed to help chapters better understand the issue, what advocacy we are doing on the national level, and provides chapters with applicable resources (including talking points) should they wish to engage in advocacy efforts.
INFO The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act (MACRA)
MACRA transformed the way that physicians are paid under Medicare, turning the system into one that focuses on value instead of the volume of services provided. Its implementation continues.
INFO New Primary Care Codes for Payment
Physicians rely on billing codes for payment under Medicare and they can now bill for a new set of primary care codes.
Other
ACTION Vaccine Exemptions/Elimination of Non-Medical Exemptions from State Immunization Laws
ACP has prepared a chapter action tool kit that ACP chapters can use to help advance legislation in their states that eliminate any existing exemptions, except for medical reasons, from their immunization laws and/or oppose legislation to expand exemptions.
ACTION Reducing Administrative Burdens
Great strides have been made to help reduce excessive administrative tasks on physicians and patients and ACP has developed a new online tool to allow you to share your stories of “burden” with us.
ACTION Reducing Firearm-Related Injuries and Deaths
ACP has prepared a chapter action tool kit that ACP chapters can use to help advance legislation in their states to reduce firearms-related injuries and deaths.
INFO Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA)
Individuals with deferred action for childhood arrival (DACA) status, including the dozens of them who are enrolled in U.S. medical schools or physician residency programs, will face deportation if Congress fails to act in granting them a legal pathway to U.S. citizenship.
INFO Climate Change Toolkit
ACP has developed resources to help reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in your practice.
INFO Education and Events
Watch the latest ACP State Health Policy webinars.