http://www.childneurologysociety.org/about/legal-privacy
About/
Legal Privacy
2020 Annual Meeting Updates
Maintenance of Certification Training Programs
About
CNS ArchivesCNS Board of DirectorsCNS BylawsCNS ConnectionsFrom The CNS PresidentIn MemoriamLegal PrivacyNational Office StaffProfessors of Child Neurology
Introduction
This Notice explains how the Child Neurology Society acting on its own behalf and on behalf of the independent associations it manages—Professors of Child Neurology (PCN) and Association of Child Neurology Nurses (ACNN)—collects and processes your Personal Data. Each time you use the CNS website, the current version of this Notice will apply. Accordingly, whenever you use our site, you should check the date of this Notice (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version. This Notice is applicable to all Site visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Site.
“Personal Data” is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
By visiting www.childneurologysociety.org or related sites  accessed by link from this website (CNS Connect or CNS Lifelong Learning websites)  you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Notice.
Who we are
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), the Data Controller is the Child Neurology Society registered in the State of Minnesota USA with a registered address at 1000 West County Road E, Suite 290, Saint Paul, Minnesota 55126.
Our Executive Director, Roger Larson, CAE, is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Notice for the purposes of the GDPR. .
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice, please contact us using the Contact Us section on our Site.
Alternatively, you can contact us by phone at 651-486-9447, by sending an email to nationaloffice@childneurologysociety.org or by mail to:1000 West County Road E, Suite 290
Saint Paul, Minnesota 55126  USA.
How we collect personal data
Personal Data that you give us
We may collect and process the following Personal Data:
Contact information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you participate in discussion boards (e.g. CNS Connect) and when you report a problem with our website. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information and/or credit card information.
Membership information, including your name, contact details such as address, phone number and email address (business or personal), year of admission and any other information related to your membership. Membership information may be provided by you during the application process and updated by you thereafter.
Due payment information, including financial information such as credit/debit card and account numbers used to register or renew your membership. (Note: we do not collect or store any credit card information on our website; all transactions are filtered through a secure third-party site (authorize.net) for direct deposit to our bank.
Certification information, relating to continuing medical education programming, on-line or at annual meetings, in which members are granted certification if they meet specified educational requirements and/or pass an exam.
Annual Meeting registration information, including credit card information for processing registration, contact and biographical information for badging, recognition ribbons, Continuing Medical Education and demographic aggregation, and communications related to meeting updates, invitations to receptions and exhibitor promotions. This information will be maintained by our contracted registration vendor to ensure optimal preparation, reservation, and distribution of information and material needed to gain entrance to and enjoy all the benefits of the CNS Annual Meeting. The CNS alone may authorize sharing of contact information, with shared information limited to mailing address (ie, email and phone listings of full membership are never made available to third parties). Members and/or attendees at the CNS Annual Meeting may opt on their own volition to share or not share their email address with exhibitors via badge scans, sign-up sheets, etc.
Annual Meeting photos. Photos taken at the CNS Annual Meeting may be posted on the CNS website, printed in CNS Connections, included in print and internet promotions related to future CNS Annual Meetings, and included in slide shows at subsequent CNS Annual Meetings. Meeting registrants not wishing to have their photos appear in the aforementioned modes and venues must so indicate in writing by emailing the CNS National Office (nationaloffice@childneurologysociety.org).
Personal data we collect from you
With regard to each of your visits to the site we will automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number; and
Location information
Non-Personal Data
We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser and we may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site, including, without limitation:
IP addresses
Browser type and plug-in details
Device type (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
Operating system
Local time zone
We may use non-Personal Data for various business purposes such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our Site. Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
How we use your Personal Data
We will only process your Personal Data, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn at any time, (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests.
Personal Data that you give us
We may use Personal Data that you provide directly to us for the following purposes:
to carry out our obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us;
to organize events that you have purchased or registered for, and to provide you with information, and other materials, relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors and other attendees;
to provide our newsletter and other publications, provided you have given your consent;
to respond to your questions and provide related membership services;
to provide you with information about other events, products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about events, products or services we feel may interest you, provided you have given your consent;
to notify you about changes to our membership service; and
to ensure that content from our Site is presented most effectively for you and your computer.
Information we collect about you
We will use Personal Data that we have collected about your use of our Site:
to administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them;
to facilitate communication between members for patient referrals and professional/research collaboration. Individual members may not share other members’ information accessed on the CNS website with any third party for any purpose, including but not limited to physician recruitment, political lobbying, or marketing of products and/or events
Personal Data we receive from other sources
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined Personal Data for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
When we share and who can access your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Notice with:
a member of the CNS, PCN and/or ACNN
partners, suppliers and sub-contractors, for the direct performance of obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract we enter into with them or you or to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us; this includes the contracted vendor processing registration for the CNS Annual Meeting.
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site
trusted third-party companies and/or individuals with which we contract with for techincal assistance providing, analyzing, and improving the site and our membership services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and payment processing)
Selling your Personal Data
CNS will sell mailing list to approved institutions and vendors, but will never release emails or phone numbers. All email access to members is required to issue directly from the Child Neurology Society. Individual members may, in follow-up correspondence with third parties sending messages through the CNS National Office, voluntarily provide access to their own email and/or phone number; members are strictly prohibited from sharing email or phone numbers of other CNS members with third parties. Any member doing so is subject to loss of membership privileges.
Security
Although we use security measures to help protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the internet.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and International Users
We are headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our site from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. By using our Service, you consent to any transfer of this information.
How Long we Store your Personal Data
We will store your Personal Data, in a form which permits us to identify you, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data is processed. We may retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Personal Data quickly upon request.
Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your membership account is active or as needed to provide you with access to our site. If you wish to cancel your membership or request that we no longer use your information to provide you service, contact us at nationaloffice@childneurologysociety.org. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We maintain one or more databases to store your Personal Data and may keep such information indefinitely.
Where we store your personal data
The Personal Data that you provide to us is generally stored on servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Data is submitted through our Site, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and that the United States currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13, if you are not 13 years or older, do not use our site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we learn that Personal Data of persons less than 13 years-of-age has been collected through our site, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Site without your consent, then you may alert us at nationaloffice@childneurologysociety.org so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor's Personal Data from our systems.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
Our Sites may contain links to third party websites, applications and services not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the activities or content of these sites, applications or services nor any association with their operators. CNS is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party including websites or services directly linked to our website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party site that you link from our site.
Your rights
Correction and removal
If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, or you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, you may do so by visiting the your CNS profile or contacting us at nationaloffice@childneurolgysociety.org.
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing message that you receive, by sending a message to us at nationaloffice@childneurologysociety.org.
Your European Rights
FOR EUROPEAN RESIDENTS ONLY. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data. You can also exercise the right by contacting us using the Contact Us section on our site.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Data Request transfer of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw your consent
In addition, where you believe that CNS has not complied with its obligations under this Notice or European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the Contact Us section on our site.
Your Californian Rights
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Data with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Data to CNS, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at one of the following addresses: nationaloffice@childneurologysociety.org
Child Neurologysociety Society (CNS)
Attn: California Privacy Rights
1000 West County Road E, Suite 290
Saint Paul, Minnesota 55126 USA
Changes to this Notice
If we make any material changes to this Notice or the way we use, share or collect personal Data, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Notice, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have such an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.
Any changes we make to this Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notification sent to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Notice.
June, 2018