http://www.godolphin.org/privacy
Prep
Senior
Sixth
School Life
Community
Admissions
Privacy
We have created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary.
Personal data
If you complete any forms on our website and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with information you specifically request. We do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
Your personal data rights
Under the new GDPR law (from 25 May 2018), you have the right to ask for a copy of the personal data we hold about you. If you would like to make a data subject access request, please write to us by email or by post. You can change the way you hear from us, or ask us not to contact you, at any time; just email us. To find out more about your personal data rights under GDPR, see the Information Commissioner’s website: http://ico.org.uk/
Cookie Policy
Our website is owned and operated by the School. This policy explains how we use cookies. Please read this policy carefully; by accessing the Website you confirm to have understood and agreed to them.
About cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu. For a video about cookies visit www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below.
Cookies our website uses:
Performance cookies - These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. We are using Google Analytics cookies on this website.
Functionality cookies - These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make such as your user name, or saves the type of device which is being reported to the website to determine whether the site should display the mobile or desktop version. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. Please refer to the help documentation for your browser. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics which are the performance cookies we use on this website, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Use of links
Throughout our web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organisations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers.
Accessibility
This website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with national guidelines concerning accessibility (DDA Level 1). We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us.
Privacy Notices
Privacy Notice - Old Godolphin AssociationPrivacy Notice - Parents, Pupils and Family MembersPrivacy Notice - Support And Development
Search
calendardiamondgodolphin-markrsssplashui-chevronui-closeui-facebookui-home-logo-xmasGroup 4ui-left-arrowui-left-chevronui-right-arrowui-right-chevronui-searchui-twitterui-youtube