http://www.cancer.ie/website-terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Website terms and conditions
Website terms and conditions
Share
Share via Twitter
Share via Facebook
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Email
This page contains the terms and conditions under which you may use the website www.cancer.ie (the “website”).
The website is operated from Ireland by the Irish Cancer Society, registered charity number CHY5863, with its registered office at 43/45 Northumberland Road, Dublin, D04 VX65, Ireland (“the Society”).
The Society may revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this posting. Each time you use the website you agree to be bound by the current terms and conditions.
Information on our website
This website provides information about cancer in Ireland.
Any comments, opinions and views expressed in portions of the website (including our online community) do not necessarily represent the views of the Society.
The information provided on the website is not specific to individual people and does not replace the advice of trained medical practitioners.
This website and its health information and resources are not meant to be a substitute for professional doctor/patient face-to-face diagnosis or medical advice.
You should not disregard your own professional medical adviser’s opinion, or delay in seeking such an opinion, because of something you read or anticipate reading on this website.
The Society is not responsible for any injury, loss, damage or expense incurred by any individual as a result either directly or indirectly of any information published on this website.
Funding of this website
The website is paid for and maintained by the Irish Cancer Society and receives no other funding or sponsorship.
Intellectual property on our website
The contents of the website (such as articles, text, graphics, images, and other material) is protected by copyright under both Irish and foreign laws. You may not sell or modify the content or reproduce, display, communicate, make available, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use it in any way for any public or commercial purpose without permission.
In particular, the use of the content on any other website or in a networked or wireless computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The Society authorises you to view and download a single copy of the content on the Site solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
The Society may agree to the reproduction of specific educational material such as text, diagrams and educational illustrations on a non-commercial basis. However, any such reproduction is subject to prior permission being sought from and granted by the Society. Any such permission must be in writing. You must retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained in the original content on any copy you make of the content and you must always acknowledge the Society as author of the work.
User submissions
In accessing the website, you accept that email being sent may not be free from interference by third parties. As a consequence, the Society cannot guarantee the privacy or confidentiality of any information passing over the Internet.
You agree not to use the website or cause or permit any content to be used:
To interrupt the operation or integrity of our website.
For any commercial purpose or cause others to participate in sending chain letters, junk email, spam, duplicative or unsolicited messages, advertising or promotional material.
To harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including personal data, without their consent.
To distribute, download, upload or transmit any material which contains viruses or any other harmful applications.
Contrary to the terms and conditions of any internet service provider whose services you may use.
Confidentiality
The Society does not collect unique identifiable information about users of this site.
General website statistics are collected through Google Analytics but this information is limited to country of origin, new versus repeat users, most popular pages etc., and make it possible for us to make the website as useful as possible for all users.
Where personal details are submitted by users (either by email or through online forms) this information is treated in strict confidence.
Your personal information will only be shared with selected third party service providers, contracted by the Irish Cancer Society to assist with our operations. Your information will not be shared with any other organisation, other than with your permission, or where required by law.
Our liability
While the Society takes reasonable care in making sure the website provides a useful free information resource about cancer, the content may contain inaccuracies or typos.
We will make every effort to correct errors brought to our attention. However, the Society makes no representations or warranties about the lawfulness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the content or about the results to be obtained from using the website. The use of the website and its content is entirely at your own risk.
The Society shall not be liable, and shall not otherwise be deemed to be in breach of these terms and conditions, for any failure to perform (or delay in performing) any of its obligations hereunder caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
The Society does not warrant that the website will operate error-free or that the website and its servers are free of computer viruses or other harmful elements. If your use of the website results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, the Society is not responsible for those costs.
The website and content are provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind. The Society to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all conditions and warranties, express or implied including any warranty or terms of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties’ rights, quiet enjoyment and fitness for particular purpose.
In no event shall the Society, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the website be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the website and its content, whether based on statute, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal cause, and whether or not the society is advised of the possibility of such damages. You acknowledge and agree that the limitations set forth above are fundamental elements of this agreement and the website would not be provided to you in the absence of such limitations.
Links to and from other websites
The website contains links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the Society of the content on such third-party websites. The Society is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party websites.
If you decide to access linked third-party sites, you do so at your own risk and in accordance with the prevailing terms and conditions of such third-party sites.
The Society welcomes the links to our website from other appropriate websites in compliance with our linking policy.
The website is a resource for Irish people
The website is controlled by the Irish Cancer Society from its location within Ireland. The Society makes no representation that the website content is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the content from territories where it is unlawful is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Any disputes, claims or proceedings arising out of or in any way relating to the content or the website shall be governed by the laws of Ireland. The Irish Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of any proceedings arising out of or in any way relating to the content or the website. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Society may seek provisional or protective relief in the courts of another State prior to, during or after any substantive proceedings have been instituted in Ireland and the Society may bring enforcement proceedings in another state on foot of an Irish judgement.
General
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any term shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
The Society may at any time and without liability modify, suspend or discontinue the website or any content (or any part or specification thereof), with or without notice, for any valid technical, operational or commercial reasons.
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and the Society with respect to the use of the website.
Privacy policy
Read the Irish Cancer Society's privacy policy.
© Irish Cancer Society 1999-2020 All Rights Reserved
Irish Cancer Society Head office, 43/45 Northumberland Road Dublin, D04 VX65; Charity Regulatory Authority No. 20009502; Revenue Number CHY5863; Company Number 20868.
Housekeeping
Contact us
Jobs
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Website terms & conditions
Web Design and Development by Annertech