https://www.healthyteeth.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
BINDING AGREEMENT. These Terms of Use act as a binding agreement (“Agreement) between you and HealthyTeeth.org (“us”, “we”, “our”). By accessing this website (the “Site”), you acknowledge constructive notice of these Terms of Use and your agreement to be bound by the language herein.
PRIVACY POLICY. We believe in being transparent when it comes to our privacy and information collection practices, so we’ve published a Privacy Policy for your edification.
GOVERNING LAW. These Terms shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States, without reference to rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Chicago, Illinois, in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site or these Terms of Use.
AGE. The Site is intended only for users aged 18 or older. Individuals under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from using the Site.
USER CONTENT. You grant us a license to use the materials you post to the Site. By posting, downloading, displaying, performing, transmitting, or otherwise distributing information or other content (“User Content”), you are granting us, our affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use the User Content in connection with the operation of our business, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat the User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree we may publish or otherwise disclose your name in connection with your User Content. In posting User Content on the Site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute it.
COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS. When accessing or using the Site, you agree to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property laws. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content (collectively, “Content”) in violation of any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringements of third party rights caused by any Content you provide or transmit. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or third party rights rests solely with you.
INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content to the Site that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; or (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services. We reserve the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the Site, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. We intend to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
NO WARRANTIES. WE ARE MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
LIMITED LIABILITY. OUR LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.
AFFILIATED SITES. We work with a number of partners and affiliates whose websites may be linked to within the Site. Because we do not have control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, we make no promises or guarantees about the accuracy, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and we assume no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that we make no guarantees about, and assume no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.
PROHIBITED USES. We impose certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Site; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by us in providing the Site. You are further prohibited from copying any content on the Site, whether manually or through automated means, without our express permission. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify us for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
COPYRIGHT. All contents of Site are Copyright 2018 All rights reserved.
SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.
NO LICENSE. Nothing contained on the Site should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by us or by any third party.
AMENDMENTS. We reserve the right to amend these Terms and shall do so by posting a notice on the Site. Said amendment shall be binding 30 days after being posted to the Site. You may reject the amendments by opting out of our email list.
Follow Us
Categories
Cavities
Coupons
Flosser
Insurance
Other
Prevention
Teeth and Gums
Teeth Whitening
Toothbrush
Important Disclaimer: The information contained on Healthy Teeth is intended for informational and educational purposes only. Any statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA and any information or products discussed are not intended to diagnose, cure, treat or prevent any disease or illness. Please consult a healthcare practitioner before making changes to your diet or taking supplements that may interfere with medications.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.