https://www.getceusnow.com/uploads/Privacy-policy.htm
HomeCourse ListOnline CoursesAbout UsFAQProvider Approval
Home > Product Details
Privacy Policy for getceusnow.com
Privacy Policy:   Vista Continuing Education does not share private information, including email addresses, that have been submitted during the create an account process.  The registration information is used to create the certificate of completion with your name on it.  So be sure and enter your name and license number on the new account page exactly as you would like it to appear on the certificate of completion. A course receipt will be sent to the email address that you provide during the account creation process. The information you share is stored in a secure database and will only be used for verification purposes.
Cancellation/refund policy:
Please email us if you would like to cancel a transaction. We will immediately refund any cancelled courses. We will void any payments that have been made in error.
Disclaimer:
The contents of this website, GetCEUsNow.com, such as text, graphics, and other material ("Content") are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice because of content found on this website.
This site does not and cannot provide medical advice for any person who requires direct medical care. Furthermore, it is not intended for diagnosis and cannot provide a diagnosis for any particular individual and it should not be used as a substitute for medical care and advice of a physician.
Vista Continuing Education provides professional information for informational purposes only, which should not be construed as advice. No action should be taken based upon any information contained in this website. You should seek independent professional advice from a person who is licensed and/or knowledgeable in the applicable area before acting upon any opinion, advice, or information contained in this website
In no event shall Vista Continuing Education, its content providers, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on this website be liable for any claims or damages (including, without limitation, direct, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use this site or the Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not we are advised of the possibility of such damages. Vista Continuing Education is not liable for any personal injury caused by your use or misuse of this website, Content, or Public Areas.Vista Continuing Education is not liable to anyone for inaccuracies, errors, or omissions with respect to any material or the transmission or delivery of any material obtained from this website.