http://www.msts.org/index.php/misc/privacy
Privacy Policy
At Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (a.k.a. Association, a.k.a. the Association), we are committed to protecting your online privacy. We use the information we collect about you online to process applications for products, process orders, provide information on products and services that you may be interested in, and to provide a more personalized shopping experience.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you register with our site, request information about a product or service, or fill out an online application, we may need to know specific information about you. This enables us to process your registration, requests and applications and reply to your needs promptly. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this policy.
Our site's registration requires users to give us contact information, including your first and last name, email address and which association you are affiliated with. Our questionnaire forms require users to give us contact information, including your first and last name, telephone number, email and address, and demographic or socio-economic information including your zip code, county of residence, gender, retirement status, the associations that you are a member of, and basic health information.
When you apply for and order products or services from the Association, we need to know your contact information, including your first and last name, telephone number, email and address, and demographic or socio-economic information including your zip code, county of residence, date of birth, social security number, gender, number of dependents, birth-date, relationship, disability status and social security of the dependents, the associations that you are a member of, and bank account information including type of account, the owners first and last name, account number and routing number. This allows us to process your application/order and to notify you of your application/order status.
We use customer contact information, and demographic or socio-economic information and other information you provide us from the registration, questionnaire forms, and online applications: (1) for our everyday business purposes, including internal record keeping, processing applications, and improving our products and services; (2) to send you information and promotional materials about our company, our products and services, and information and promotional materials from our affiliates and partners, that we think you may find interesting. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. Users will not receive future emails by registering, unless the "Please notify me" box is checked. Users will receive future contact from the Association or its affiliates and partners if they fill out the questionnaire requesting information on products or services or if they fill out an application for a the Association product, however they may "opt-out" of receiving ongoing information about products and services; see the "Choice/Opt-Out" section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to distribute to you content that we think you might be interested in and to customize the website.
This site contains links to other Websites. The Association is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. We will not pass your information along to the linked site unless information you have provided to us indicates that you might be interested in information from our partners; however, we cannot protect your information if you provide information to that site.
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the Association website and analyze visitor data.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the website, new the Association services, and special offers and information we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please contact us through one of the channels identified in the "Choice/Opt-Out" section.
How does the Association protect customer information?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When you place orders, fill out the questionnaire form or access your account information, we use a shared secure server. This shared secure server software, SSL (secure sockets layer) encrypts most information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, most of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates. AMBA digital certificates are issued by GnuPG, one of the most established signers of digital certificates. To learn more about AMBA online security, simply click on the "Security" icon in your browser tool bar.
What about "cookies"?
We also use "cookies" – that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive -- to help you in getting faster access to this site's contents, and to help us determine the type of content you find of interest and the sites to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of this site, and the particular the Association services you choose to use. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus. Cookies allow the Association to serve you better, and to personalize your Web-browsing experience.
Will the Association disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
The Association needs to share your personal information with trustworthy third parties (our affiliates and partners) to respond to the questionnaire forms you fill out regarding products and services you are interested in. We may share your personal information (1) for joint marketing with other affiliated companies; (2) for our affiliates' everyday business purposes, including information about your interests or qualification for products and services; and (3) for affiliates and partners to market to you. Our affiliates and partners may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. You can request that we do not share your personal information with third parties; see the "Choice/Opt-Out" section below. The Association does not currently provide, sell, trade or rent aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third-party vendors. We may choose to do so in the future, but if we do, these statistics will not include personal identifying information.
We may disclose your personal information with judicial or governmental agencies subject to warrants, subpoenas or other governmental orders.
Who are the Association affiliates and partners?
Affiliates are companies related to the Association by common ownership and control. Partners are companies not related to the Association by common ownership or control, but which we have entered into agreements with to provide you information regarding their products and services.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-in and out of receiving communications from the Association and our affiliates and partners at the point where we request registration information about the visitor. You do not have the option to opt-out of receiving communications from the Association and our affiliates and partners when you request information on particular products or apply for our products, however you may remove information from our databases at a later time.
This site allows the following options for removing your information from our database. If you do so, you will not receive future communications from us.
You can send mail to the following postal address:Musculoskeletal Tumor Society9400 W. Higgins Road, Suite 500 Rosemont, IL 60018(847) 698-1625info@msts.org
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
You can send mail to the following postal address: Musculoskeletal Tumor Society9400 W. Higgins Road, Suite 500 Rosemont, IL 60018(847) 698-1625info@msts.org
Requesting details about your personal information
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us at: Musculoskeletal Tumor Society9400 W. Higgins Road, Suite 500 Rosemont, IL 60018(847) 698-1625info@msts.org
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by the Association. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of and understand any changes. This policy is effective from the 15th day of February, 2012.
Tell us what you think
The Association welcomes your questions and comments about privacy.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Musculoskeletal Tumor Society9400 W. Higgins Road, Suite 500 Rosemont, IL 60018(847) 698-1625info@msts.org