https://www.discsfoundation.org/cookie-policy/
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
COOKIE POLICY
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a piece of information that a website stores on the website browser on your computer. The browser sends the information back to the website to enable the website to recognise the user.
Cookies include information such as the lifetime and expiry date of the cookie, the domain the cookie has come from and an identifier – for example, a random unique number. This is standard for all websites.
How Is A Cookie Used?
Cookies are used to store data. Without cookies shopping baskets would not store the products within them and remember what’s in your shopping basket while you browse or if you are logged in or not. Our cookies will never store your payment information. Cookies can’t harm your computer, and are active for differing lengths of time, some are stored until you close your browser, while others may last for several weeks or more.
Example Of Cookies Used On This Site.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
CookieNotice
Stores an on/off flag, used to control when the cookie policy popup appears.
GALX
This cookie is used by Google accounts on relevant pages
GAPS
This cookie is used by Google accounts on relevant pages
GoogleAccountsLocale_session
This cookie is used by Google accounts on relevant pages
CheckConnectionTempCookie937
NID
Google set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Google Map. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Google Maps users.
_twitter_sess
This cookie is set by Twitter on sites which include Twitter feeds or optional content sharing with Twitter. For more information, see https://twitter.com/privacy
guest_id
This cookie is set by Twitter on sites which include Twitter feeds or optional content sharing with Twitter. For more information, see https://twitter.com/privacy
external_referer
This cookie is set by Twitter on sites which include Twitter feeds or optional content sharing with Twitter. For more information, see https://twitter.com/privacy
PHPSESSID
This cookie keeps track of your session on the website.
www.discsfoundation.org uses cookies in a number of ways:
Category 1. Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you’ve been on the internet. We are not required to get your consent to the use of Strictly Necessary Cookies. They last for one “session” and expire when you leave our website or close the browser. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Shopping cart cookies
Access to protected areas of a website
Remembering previously entered text so it’s not lost if the page refreshes
Category 2. Performance Cookies:
These cookies collect and store anonymous information only about how visitors use our website and cannot be used to identify you. It is only used to improve how our website works. We are required to get your consent to the use of Performance Cookies. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Performance Cookies can be deleted from your browser history at any point before their expiry time. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Analytics
Advertising
Pay Per Click
Category 3. Functionality Cookies:
These cookies remember your preferences to personalise your experience on our website and provide enhanced, more personal features, for instance, they may be used to provide services such as watching a video, commenting on a blog or adding product reviews. We are required to get your consent to the use of Functionality Cookies. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Functionality Cookies can be deleted from your browser history at any point before their expiry time. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Detecting if you have already seen a pop-up to ensure it doesn’t get shown to you again
Submitting comments
Remembering colours, font sizes and page backgrounds
Category 4: Targeted Advertising Cookies
Targeted Advertising Cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. The information they store is not anonymous. We are required to get your consent to Target Advertising Cookies. We will ask for clear, explicit consent from you to store these cookies on your device using a pop-up, overlay, splash page or header/footer bar. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Collecting information about browser habits to target advertising
Collecting information about browser habits to target website content
Managing Cookies Using Your Browser.
Internet browsers will usually provide an option to disallow the setting of all or some cookies. You can find more about using your browser’s cookie settings either via the help menu for your browser or on the browser’s own website. Cookies can also be deleted by using your internet browser, but you must disallow them otherwise they will be reapplied the next time you visit a website. If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
How To Disable Cookies?
Whilst there are ways to disable cookies we must advise against it. Disabling cookies may prevent the site from functioning properly. If you do wish to disable the cookies here is a guide on how to do it.
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
1. Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
2. Click on the “privacy” tab
3. Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Mozilla Firefox:
1. Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
2. Click on the icon “privacy”
3. Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 And Further:
1. Choose the menu Files”> “Preferences”
2. Privacy
For Chrome
1. Choose “tools” (the spanner icon) then “Options”
2. Click “Under the Bonnet” tab, and then click on “Content settings”
3. Click ‘Block sites from setting any data’
For Safari
1. choose “Preferences” then “Security”
2. In “Accept Cookies:”, select Never.
You can learn more about cookies and how to manage them at AboutCookies.org
CookiesWe use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. Continuing to use our site means you agree to our use of cookies. Read our Cookie Policy to learn more. Find out more.Agree & Continue