http://www.horses-and-horse-information.com/privacy.shtml
You are here: > Horses > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
General.
Our company and our software publisher
respect the privacy of every
individual who visits our website. This Privacy
Statement outlines the information we will collect
and how we will use that information. This
Statement will also instruct you on what to do if
you do not want your personal information collected
when you visit our website.
Personal Information.
We will not collect your name, address, telephone
number, or e-mail address unless you provide it to
us voluntarily. However, we may attempt to collect
such information if we believe your use of this
website violates any laws. If you do not want this
information collected, please do not submit it to
us.
If you have already submitted this information and
would like for us to remove it from our records,
please contact us at the e-mail address listed at
the bottom of this Statement. We will use
reasonable efforts to delete your information from
our existing files.
When you do provide us with personal information,
we may use that information in the following ways,
unless stated otherwise: we may store and process
that information to better understand your needs
and how we can improve our services. We may also
use that information to contact you. However, we
will not provide that information to third
parties.
Children.
We have no intention of collecting any personal
information (that is, name, address, telephone
number, or e-mail address) from individuals under
eighteen years of age. Where appropriate, we will
specifically instruct children not to submit such
information on our website. If a child has provided
us with personally-identifiable information, a
parent or guardian of that child should contact us
at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this
Statement to request that this information be
deleted from our records. We will use reasonable
efforts to delete the child's information from our
existing files.
Other information collected automatically.
In some cases, we may collect information about
you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples
of this type of information include the type of
Internet Browser you are using, the type of
computer operating system you are using, and the
URL of the website from which you
linked or clicked to our website.
Information we may place automatically on your computer's hard drive.
When you view our website, we may store some
information on your computer. This information will
be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file and
will help us in many ways. For example, cookies
allow us to tailor our website to better match your
interests and preferences.
Some of our advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing California restuarant ads to someone in California, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing scrapbooking ads to someone who frequents scrapbooking sites).
With most Internet
Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer
hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning
before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your
browser instructions or help screen to learn more
about these functions.
Specific to the Google Ads displayed on this site
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads our your site. Their DART cookie enables them and their partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Web surfers may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
Who to contact.
If you have submitted personal information through
this website and would like that information
deleted from our records, please contact us at the
following e-mail address:
privacy@horses-and-horse-information.com.
We will use reasonable efforts to delete your
information from our existing files.
Register below to get free horse tips from:
Name:
E-Mail
Horse Tack & Riding Equipment MaintenanceTack needs to be maintained religiously. Synthetic tack can be hosed down or washed in the washing machine. It's lighter in weight, easy to care for, and less expensive than leather. Leather, needs much more care. Inspect it every time you clean it. Wash it every time you use it, and then oil the leather parts a few times a year.Browse some different types and styles of synthetic and leather horse tack available online.
Horse Education
Horse Training Teleseminar
Horse Information Topics
Horse health
Horse nutrition / feed
Horse pasture / forage
Horse care
Horse tack / equipment
Horse diseases
Horse shoes / Hoof care
Horse rescue / adoption
Horse transportation
Horse training
Horse trainers
Horse breeds
Horse breeding
Horse names (5,000)
Horse farms / ranches
Horse barns / fencing
Horse riding
Equestrian Sports & Activities
Horse shows
Horse words dictionary
Share a Horse Story
Horse Business Owners
Advertise with Us
Have your horse products or services exposed to over 27,000 of our monthly visitors.
Home
|
|
Privacy
|
Security
|
Legal notices
|
Advertise with Us
Copyright (c) 2011. American Horse Rider & Horses and Horse Information. All rights reserved.