http://www.hda.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Message Board
Blog
News
Events
Shop
Search
Donate
Toggle navigation
Huntington's disease
Getting help
Professionals
Get involved
Research
About us
Contact us
Message Board
Blog
News
Events
Shop
Donate
Donate
Huntington's disease
New to Huntington's disease?
What is Huntington's disease?
What causes Huntington's disease?
Symptoms of Huntington's disease
Genetics of Huntington's disease
Physiology of Huntington's disease
What is Juvenile Huntington's disease?
Symptoms of Juvenile Huntington's disease
Genetics of Juvenile Huntington's disease
Physiology of Juvenile Huntington's disease
Living with Huntington's disease
Anna's story
Ellis' story
Stewart’s story
Clare’s story
Margaret's story
Mark's story
Jeremy’s story
Getting help
If you're at risk
Sources of support
Genetic testing
Starting a family
Insurance and legal matters
Employment
Emotional support
Talking about being at risk
Living well
If you're showing symptoms
Sources of support
Getting the care you need
Getting financial help
Life with Huntington’s
Practical matters
Getting emotional support
Talking to people about Huntington's
Thinking about the end of life
If you're a carer
Support for carers
Managing communication difficulties
Managing challenging behaviour
Emotional support
Financial help for carers
Leisure, travel and help with costs
Practical matters
Talking to others
Approaching the end of life
If you're an older carer
Guides
Additional Resources
Where to get advice
If you have Juvenile Huntington's
Sources of support
Getting the care you need
Getting the most out of life
Getting financial help
Talking about Juvenile Huntington's
Getting emotional support
Education with Juvenile Huntington's
Becoming a young adult
Approaching the end of life
For children and young people
Help for children
Help for teenagers
Help for young adults
Help for young carers
Our youth engagement service
SHDA Service
Branches and support groups
Information resources
COVID-19 information and advice hub
Professionals
About Huntington's
Medication for Huntington’s disease
Resources for professionals
Best practice in Huntington’s disease
Best practice in Juvenile Huntington’s disease
Huntington’s disease training courses
Professional membership of the Huntington’s Disease Association
Working with patients and families
Additional Support
Financial support
HDA Quality Assured Accreditation
Get involved
Volunteering
HD Voice
Share your story
Huntington's disease research
Local branches or support groups
Fundraising
Donating
COVID-19 appeal
Make a donation
Ways to donate
In memory
Legacy
How your donation helps
Company giving
Together for children appeal
Digital Fundraising
Communication consent
Campaigning and awareness
Research
Get involved in research
Research we fund
Other research studies and resources
About us
Who we are
Meet the team
Meet the executive council
Using our logo
What we do
Specialist Huntington’s Disease Advisory Service
Membership
Magazine and newsletters
Annual report and accounts
Our vision, mission and values
Our strategy 2018 - 2022
Notice of Annual General Meeting 2020
Contact us
Message Board
News
Events
Shop
Donate
Privacy policy
Introduction
The Huntington’s Disease Association takes the privacy of our beneficiaries, supporters, members and volunteers very seriously. We are committed to protecting and keeping any personal data you share with us, or we get from other organisations, safe.
The information we collect allows us to learn more about who uses and supports our charity, taking your needs and interests into account to make more informed decisions and ultimately help make life better for those affected by Huntington’s disease.
In line with new general data protection regulation (GDPR) May 2018, we will be moving to be an ‘opt-in’ communication process. This means that we will only send communications to you if you have specifically stated that you are happy for us to do using your preferred communication channel e.g. email, telephone or post.
We want to share information about our services and news about our successes and campaigns with you so we really want you to opt in.
This policy outlines exactly how we collect personal information, exactly what we collect, how we use it and how we store it. It also makes clear your right to know what we know about you and how you can make changes to your communication preferences.
To complement this policy document, the Huntington's Disease Association have also produced a series of privacy notices, available below, for the following areas to reflect the different basis for processing your personal information:
Specialist HD Advisory Service
Supporters (fundraising, donations, shop purchases)
Membership
Recruitment
How do we collect information?
Directly from you
We obtain personal information when you give it to us directly, for example when you enquire about our activities, register with us, send or receive an email, make a donation to us, ask a question about our services or otherwise provide us with personal information.
Third parties
We could collect information about you from a friend who wants to tell you about our website or the assistance we may be able to provide or the fundraising activities we carry out.
We may also receive information indirectly from third party organisations, for example from fundraising sites like Just Giving or Virgin Money giving. These third parties will only share information with us if you have indicated you wish to support us and have given your consent.
Information available publicly
On occasion, we might obtain information from open websites such Companies House and from publicly available articles in newspapers and online news sites.
When you use our website
To help make improvements to our website and ensure we provide the best service for users, we will often gather general information about usage, such as which pages people visit most often and which services, events or facilities are of most interest. We may also determine which pages users visit when they click on links in Huntington's Disease Association emails. Wherever possible we use aggregated or anonymous information which does not identify individual visitors to our website.
Our website uses ‘cookies’ to remember you so that the next time you visit, your experience is more streamlined. For example, if you are returning to buy another product in our shop your name and address might automatically appear in the text fields or we might be able to tailor the information you see based on your previous visit to the site and the information that interested you.
Cookies are a common feature used by over 90% of websites. They aim to make your interaction with the website faster and easier. If you would prefer to, you can disable cookies altogether. Guidance on how to do this can be found here
What information we collect and how we use it
The personal information we collect and how we will use it is dependent on why you gave it to us in the first instance.
Support for those affected by Huntington’s disease
To help us deliver our advisory service, our advisers collect sensitive personal data about your health when you speak or email. They will use this to provide support, advice and guidance to you. This information is managed separately from other data provided to the charity and is accessed only by those involved in your care.
To better understand your situation, our advisers, on occasion will discuss what they know about you with other health and care professionals. They will only discuss matters concerning your health and care needs and will only share information if you have provided written permission for them to do so. They will respect your privacy and only share information as needed and will not normally act against your wishes.
Our online message board will ask you for an email address when registering and our moderators may contact you about administrative changes to the form. Users of this forum are given the option to use a pseudonym which allows them to post sensitive information anonymously.
We do also ask people to evaluate our services and use anonymised comments for our continuous improvement of services and charity communications.
Supporters
If you support us, for example, give us a donation, volunteer, register to fundraise, sign up for an event or buy something from our shop, we may collect the following:
Name
Date of birth
Email address
Postal address
Telephone number
Credit/debit card details.
We may also collect sensitive personal information such as information about your health if this is required for the purpose you have contacted us e.g. if you take on a fundraising challenge event.
We will use this information to do one of the following as relevant:
Process your donation
Provide you with information on our services and products
Support your fundraising
Administer gift aid
Ensure we know your contact preferences
Learn more about how we can improve our services and products for you
Data about children
Our support extends to children living in HD families and to those that have the juvenile form of the disease themselves (JHD). We are also often supported by children who take part in fundraising activities for us.
For those children engaged in support we collect the same sensitive information about their health and support needs as we would for any adults we support. We will obtain the consent of parents or guardians before collecting and sharing personal information about a child and work to the same stringent information sharing guidelines for both adults and children.
For our young supporters, we collect the same basic personal data including name, date of birth, address, a parent or guardian’s email address and a parent or guardian’s credit / debit details.
Sharing your story and knowledge
A number of families choose to share their experience of Huntington’s with us to help us in our work. These stories are often featured in case studies in our charity print and online communications. This could include sensitive information relating to their health and family. We will only share this information if we have received full written consent from the family or individual involved.
We rely on experiences and knowledge of HD families to ensure the HD community has an input into the work of our charity and to the wider work and research relating to the disease. We have a patient public involvement group, called HD Voice, who contribute from a family perspective to help inform research and the direction of various charity initiatives.
Direct marketing
If you have given us your consent, we will tell you about the progress our charity is making and from time to time we may ask you for donations or tell you about other ways you can support us.
We make it clear and easy for you to tell us how you want us to communicate with you. We include information about how to opt out or change your preferences with any mail out sent. If you don’t want to hear from us, we ask you to let us know either by phoning us on 0151 331 5444 or emailing us at info@hda.org.uk
We do not sell or share personal details to any third parties.
Understanding our supporters
We may analyse the personal information you give us to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we only contact you in the most appropriate way and with the most relevant information. This allows us to understand more about you and helps us tailor our requests to you.
We may, if appropriate, ask supporters who may be able and willing to give more to us than they already do to help advance our service.
We may need to share your information with our service providers, associated organisations and agents for the purposes described above.
How we keep your data safe
We make sure that your information is accessed only by appropriately trained staff and approved contractors. We ensure that any external contractors we use are comprehensively checked and adhere to a formal contract in which our expectations and requirements regarding the way in which they manage, collect and access any personal data, are met.
We make sure that there are relevant controls in place on our website and on our data networks to safeguard your personal details. All of our online forms are protected by encryption. We also use a secure server so that when you make a donation or payment via our website, your details are protected.
We take appropriate measures to ensure that any personal information you disclose to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date. We ensure that your personal information is kept only for so long as is necessary and for the purposes for which it was collected. Information is securely destroyed within the relevant timescales in accordance with our information governance policy.
We want to assure you that we do not sell or share donor details with charities or other third parties.
We will only disclose data when obliged to disclose personal data by law, or the disclosure is 'necessary' for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or if we have your consent.
Keeping your information up to date
We need you to let us know when your details change. We may on occasion, use information available publicly, such as the Post Office’s Nation change of address database.
Your rights
It is your information so you have the right to ask us to stop contacting you or using your personal data.
You also have the right to request a copy of any information we hold about you. If you want to access your information, please send a written request detailing what you would like to see to our Head Office address, for the attention of Bill Crowder at Huntington’s Disease Association, Suite 24, Liverpool Science Park, IC1 131 Mount Pleasant, Liverpool L3 5TF
If you have any questions or concerns, you can phone us on 0151 331 5444 or email us at info@hda.org.uk
Policy changes
The terms of this policy may change, so please check it from time to time.
Privacy notices
Membership privacy notice
Find out more about how we manage your membership information
Learn more
Supporters privacy notice
Find out about how we manage your information when you fundraise for us or buy from our shop
Learn more
Advisory service privacy notice
Find out more about how we use and securely manage the information you provide to us when you speak with our Specialist Advisers
Learn more
Recruitment privacy notice
Find our more about how we manage your information if you apply to work for us
Learn more
We'll be there
Suite 24, Liverpool Science Park IC1
131 Mount Pleasant
Liverpool
L3 5TF
Phone: 0151 331 5444
Email: info@hda.org.uk
Registered charity No. 296453
Company no. 2021975.
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
© 2020 Huntington’s Disease Association
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions