http://www.newmarketequinehospital.com/privacy-policy
Home
Contact
Hospital and Referrals
01638 782 020  |
Equine Ambulatory Practice
01638 782 000
NEH ReferralsAnaesthesiaDentistryDiagnostic ImagingFarrieryInternal MedicineLameness InvestigationOrthopaedic SurgeryPoor PerformanceRehabilitationSoft Tissue Surgery CloseEquine Ambulatory PracticeRacehorsesLameness InvestigationMobile Digital EquipmentOverground EndoscopyPrivate Pre-purchase ExaminationsPublic SalesRoutine Stable WorkEmergency Cover CloseSports & LeisureDentistryMobile Diagnostic ImagingOfficial MeasurementPre-purchase ExaminationsRoutine Health CareLameness Investigation CloseBreeding ServicesArtificial InseminationEmbryo TransferFoetal SexingHigh Risk pregnancyMare Infertility InvestigationNeonatal Intensive CareReproductive SurgeryStallion Breeding Examination CloseExportsShipping Agency Close CloseLaboratoryAbout
NEH is the largest equine hospital in Europe. The hospital is a purpose built state-of-the-art facility, with RCVS accreditation as a tier three specialist equine hospital
find out more
The TeamVacanciesVisitors & Vet StudentsFacilitiesCPD CloseAppointmentsNews & EventsNews HubHorse Health BlogSocial Wall CloseFAQs
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Newmarket Equine Hospital (NEH), registered office address Newmarket Equine Hospital, Cambridge Road, Newmarket, Suffolk, CB8 0FG (Registered number: 04835644). For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is NEH.
This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions which can be found on our website www.newmarketequinehospital.com and any other documents referred to in them) sets out the basis on which personal date we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed, used, stored and/or transferred by us.
Personal information we will collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Personal information you give us.  You may give us information about you by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone, email, in person or otherwise.  This includes data you provide when you enter details on our website (for example, via our ‘Enquire about an appointment’ or ‘Send us a message’ function), when you use our services, register with us, subscribe to our services or if you report a problem with our website.  The data you give us may include your name, address, email address, telephone numbers, financial, credit card information and details about the animals owned by you or in your care, insurance details and other information so that we can provide the requested service to you.
Personal information we collect about you
With regard to each of your visits to our website we will automatically collect the following information:
• technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and geographical location;
• analytical information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time), services and products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and device type.
Personal information we receive from other sources
This is information we receive about you from referring vets and other service providers.  This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address and telephone numbers, financial and credit card information, names and details about the animals owned by you or in your care, insurance details and other information so that we can provide the requested service to you.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
How we use the personal information collected
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Personal information you provide to us:
We will use this information to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
• to send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you
• to send you notifications which you have specifically requested.
• to inform you about changes to our service, our terms and conditions or our policies.
• to send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business.  You can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications by emailing office@neh.uk.com
Personal information we collect about you
We will use this information:
• to administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, research, testing, statistical and survey purposes;
• to improve our website and the browsing experience to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
• to enable you to use the services that are available on our website;
• as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure;
Data we receive from other sources
We will sometimes combine the data we receive from other sources with the data you give to us.  We will use this combined data for the purposes as outlined above.
Legal basis for processing your personal data
We will process your personal data in order to fulfil the contract between us and to enable us to provide the services that you have requested.
We may process your data after obtaining your consent to do so in order for us to send you marketing communications, inviting you to upcoming events and courses and keeping you informed of news and changes within the Practice.
When we rely on our legitimate interests in order to collect and process and use your personal data, we will give careful consideration to your rights and interests to ensure we do not infringe upon your fundamental rights and freedoms.   We may continue only if we decide that your interests, rights and freedoms do not override our legitimate interests.
How long will we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal data:
• in accordance with the requirements and recommendations of HM Revenue and Customs
• in accordance with the requirements and recommendations of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons
• in accordance with the requirements and recommendations of the Veterinary Defence Society
• or as necessary for us to provide our services to you and completing any contract with you
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal data with selected third parties including:
• business partners, referring veterinary surgeons, your insurance company, suppliers and sub-contractors who act on our behalf for the performance of any contract we enter into with you or for the purpose of communicating with you
• analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website.
• Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
• In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
• If Newmarket Equine Hospital, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, then personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
• If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Newmarket Equine Hospital, our customers, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
• You further acknowledge that any emails sent to a Newmarket Equine Hospital owned email address may be subject to monitoring either by us or by a third party service provider engaged by us to provide email services.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing.  We will take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website.  Any transmission is at your own risk.
Your rights
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights:
The right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your personal data (commonly referred to as ‘subject access request’) free of charge.  This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.  However, if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive we may charge a reasonable fee for the administrative costs.  We will provide your data within one month of receipt of your request, unless the request is complex or multiple requests have been made.   In this instance we will respond to you within one month advising why an extension is necessary.
The right to rectification
You have the right to have your personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.  We will respond to your request for rectification within one month of receipt.  If we refuse to rectify your personal data, we will write to you to explain why.
The right to erasure
Also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’.   This enables you to request the deletion or removal of your personal data.  The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
You have the right to have your personal data removed if:
• the personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose it was originally collected;
• you withdraw consent;
• you object to the processing of your personal data, and there is no overriding legitimate interest to continue this processing;
• the personal data is being processed for direct marketing purposes and you object to that processing;
• the personal data was unlawfully processed;
• the personal data has to be erased to comply with a legal obligation; or
• the personal data is processed in relation to the offer of information society services to a child.
If the processing of personal data is necessary for one of the following reasons, then the right to erasure does not apply:
• to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information;
• to comply with certain legal obligations;
• for public health purposes; or
• for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in the following circumstances:
If you contest the accuracy of the personal data held and require verification of the data’s accuracy.
the data has been unlawfully processed but you do not want the data erased
Where you require us to hold the data, even though we no longer need it, as you need it in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; or
Where you have objected to us processing your data and we are considering whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
The right to data portability
You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services.  It allows you to move, copy or transfer your personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without affecting its usability.  This right only applies to automated information.
The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to processing for direct marketing (which we do only with your consent) and also to processing which is carried out for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
The right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal date with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
The right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.  However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
If you withdraw your consent or fail to provide personal data we may not be able to provide certain services to you.  We are happy to discuss any concerns you may have.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may amend or make changes to our privacy policy from time to time.  Please view our privacy policy on our website to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
Contact
If you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy, please address these to info@neh.uk.com.  If you no longer wish to receive certain communications from us, please let us know by contacting office@neh.uk.com.
Newmarket Equine Hospital
Cambridge Road,
Newmarket,
CB8 0FG
Sign up for the latest news from NEH!
Subscribe
© Copyright Newmarket Equine Hospital
- Design Agency
T&CS
Privacy Policy
Complaints Procedure