https://www.afasic.org.uk/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy – Afasic
Parents Helpline: 0300 666 9410 Contact Afasic
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About talking
What do we mean by talking?
What skills are involved?
What are Speech, Language and Communication Needs (SLCN)?
What causes SLCN?
Types of SLCN
More about speech, language and communication
What is the impact of having SLCN?
For professionals
Help for your child
Afasic helpline – a lifeline for parents
My child isn’t talking and I’m worried
My child is getting help but I’m still concerned
My child is growing up but we still need support
Members
Resources
Free downloads
Shop
Videos
Workshops and learning
Apps for speech and language
Links for speech and language support
About Us
Afasic – how did it all begin?
Patron, President and Vice Presidents (UK)
Staff and Trustees (UK)
Annual Accounts
Influencing decision makers
Job Board
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Policy making
Campaigns
How to make a complaint
Leaflets and info about Afasic
News
Support Us
Afasic supporter – Sir Derek Jacobi
Donate
Company giving
Membership
Fundraise for us
Events
Volunteering
Shop for Afasic
How your money helps
Fundraising online
Fundraising with social media
Hall of Fame
Donate
Privacy policyHome / About Us / Privacy policy
Who we are
Afasic is a charity registered in England and Scotland, with registered charity numbers in England & Wales (1045617) and Scotland (SC039170). Afasic’s registered office is at St Margaret’s House, 15 Old Ford Road, London E2 9PJ.
At Afasic we take your data protection seriously, and this Privacy Policy is designed to explain how we use any personal information that we collect about you. Any data we hold will be held in compliance with UK Data Protection legislation, the EU General Data Protection Regulation and with all other laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Privacy & Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003. We may update this policy from time to time, so please ensure you regularly check back to review it.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you that you provide to us when you:
submit an enquiry via one of our webforms or by sending us an email
contact us to get involved in our work, book for a training event or register for a fundraising event, or make a donation
become a member of Afasic
contacting our parents’ helpline
send us a job application
buy something in our online shop
register for our email updates (by signing up to our email newsletter, you are providing your consent for us to communicate with you in this way.  You are able to opt out of these communications at any time)
You may also provide personal information to us in other ways, such as over the phone, or by engaging with Afasic via social media.
This information could include your name, address, email, and phone number. It could also include bank details (e.g. for regular donations by standing order or DDR), and health / dietary information (e.g. if you have registered for an event).
All of this information is provided directly by you.  If you decide not to provide relevant information, this may hinder our ability to respond to you efficiently and may mean that we will not be able take any further action to support your enquiry. We also collect information about your use of our website through the use of cookies.
How will we use the information we collect?
The data provided by you will processed for legitimate business and/or contractual reasons:
to respond to your enquiry or provide the services that you have requested
process donations, including Gift Aid, or fulfil purchases made through our online shop
to process and administer your membership of Afasic
to send you information that you request from us relating to our products and services
to provide information relating to an Afasic training or fundraising event that you have registered for
to process your job application if you have made one
we may also use your site usage information to improve our website, understand how you use our site, and provide more relevant content to you
Our legal basis for using your personal information
We only use your personal information where that is permitted by the laws that protect your privacy rights. We only use personal information where:
we need to use the information to comply with our legal obligations
we need to use the information to make contact with you, regarding meetings, events, update you on the work of the charity, collection of membership fees, fundraising appeals etc. (i.e. for the day to day running of the charity)
we need to use the information to ensure we provide a relevant and safe experience for all participants at our events
it is fair to use the personal information in your interests, where there is no disadvantage to you – this can include where it is in our interests to contact you about products or services that may be relevant and helpful to you
Sharing & transferring personal information
We occasionally use third party companies to process data on our behalf – for example to process donations and monthly direct debits. If/when we do share our data for these purposes, the data remains our property at all times – these “data processors” act only under our instructions and are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes. We check carefully that our third party suppliers are as compliant with data protection law and regulations as we are. When we provide your information to third party service providers, we oblige those third parties to protect your information with appropriate security measures and prohibit them from using your information for their own purposes or from disclosing your information to others.
We will never sell your data to any third parties, and you will not receive offers or communications from other companies or organisations as a result of giving your details to us.
We do not send your personal data outside the EEA.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
We will store your data only as long as is required to process your enquiry or provide the services that you have requested and to fulfil our legal obligations. Financial information will be retained for the statutory 7 years as required by HMRC and for audit purposes.
Automated decision making
Afasic does not base any decisions about the personal data you have provided on automated decision-making and does not have any automated decision making systems.
Data Storage
Afasic is committed to the protection of your personal information.
Electronic data: We store your personal information on a secure database system, where access to that data is restricted and controlled.
Paper Records: In the case of membership forms, event registration forms, Gift Aid declarations and literature requests received in hard copy, this information is all securely held by Afasic in a locked and alarmed office. Paper membership forms are kept until the member leaves.
Events: Where it is necessary to fulfil our legal obligations when running training and fundraising events, we will be required to have a less secure means to access personal information, such as printouts of personal contacts and medical / dietary information. We will minimise the use of paper to only what is required for the event.
Your rights in relation to your personal data
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
request access to your personal data
request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data we hold about you
request erasure of your personal data
object to processing of your personal data
request the restriction of processing of your personal data
withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.  You may ask us to correct or remove information that is inaccurate, and you have the right to request to be forgotten by us.  You also have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. To exercise any of your rights please contact us in writing to our address above or email Mark Thompson, Head of Fundraising & Support Services.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the Afasic website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact Mark Thompson, Head of Fundraising & Support Services by email or call on 020 7490 9410 if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you, or if you no longer wish to be contacted by us. If you have any concerns or comments about how we use information, we would like to hear from you.
Alternatively, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues for guidance and advice, or to lodge a complaint. The ICO may be contacted at:
Online: www.ico.org.uk
Post: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Telephone: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545745 (national rate).
In this sectionPatron, President and Vice Presidents (UK)
Staff and Trustees (UK)
Annual Accounts
Influencing decision makers
Job Board
Policy making
Campaigns
Children and Families Bill
Advocating for your child
Hello Campaign 2011
Better Communication 2008
Bercow: Ten Years On
Leaflets and info about Afasic
Cookie policy
Afasic – how did it all begin?
Privacy policy
How to make a complaint
Get in touch Supporting parents and helping children and young people since 1968
Afasic, 15 Old Ford Road, London, E2 9PJ
Enquiries: 020 7490 9410
UK Helpline: 0300 666 9410
Charity No.1045617
Contact us
Afasic is a founder member of
The Communication Trust
quick links Members' Section
Free downloads
Shop
Events
Stay connected with Afasic Email Updates
Email Address