http://www.space-age.com/privacy.html
skip to: page content | links on this page | site navigation | footer (site information)
SpaceAge Group of Companies
Home
About Us
Anti-Aging Center
Natural Health Center
SpaceAge Concepts (India) Ltd
Contact Us
Contact Us
Map
search
SpaceAge Group of Companies
Anti-Aging & Regenerative Medicine
Reversal of Chronic DiseasesDetoxification & Rejuvenation Stem Cell Therapy - Next GenerationRegenerative MedicineOrthomolecular Medicine Medical Tourism
Consultation
Alternative & Complementary
Medicine
Aromatherapy BiomagneticsHerbal MedicineBody pH Colloidal / Nano SilverColloidal / Nano Gold Consultation
Innovative Technologies
Agriculture - Innovation
Biomagnetics
Magnetic Water ConditionersNano Biotechnology - Nano Gold / Nano Silver Ecofriendly Appliances & SwitchesLED Lighting / Dimmers
Medical Tourism
Consultation
Related Links
Cosmenutricals CosmevedaSpaceAge Concepts (India) Ltd.STD Pioneers Awareness Trust SSE - Solid State Electronics Co. Pvt. Ltd.ForMyIP
Healthy Vacation
Medical Tourism
Guide for Tourist wishing to .
visit Mumbai (Bombay), India for Health / Body Care.
Analysing Pathological Reports for Optimum Value
Download file in pdf format.
Testimonials of Senior Doctors
treated at our Health Center.
STD Pioneer's Awareness Trust
(SPAT)
Spreading awareness of Sexually Transmitted Diseases and Infections of all types including HIV and AIDS.
Meet the Grandfather of AIDS Awareness.
Papers and Articles read and published from 1940 onwards.
SpaceAge Group of Companies
Privacy Policy of
www.space-age.com
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use www.space-age.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
www.space-age.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
Personal Information
www.space-age.com collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number. Medical history / records and Skype ID are requested only when you seek an online consultation and are collected through a secure connection in order to ensure privacy of your records.
Thi s information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign up to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform you by placing a notice on our site.
Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience.
Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables www.space-age.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site .
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third - party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
www.space-age.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act
This web site is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non- Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If www.space-age.com is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please click on this link and/or use our Contact Us page.
Updates and Effective Date
www.space-age.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to www.space-age.com Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy .
Best regards,
Webmaster
About Us | Site
Map | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Contact Us | ©1995-2013
SpaceAge Concepts (India) Ltd.