http://www.nathaniel.org.nz/legal-and-privacy
About usContact
HomeEuthanasiaBioethical issues/articlesSubmissionsNewsTreaty of Waitangi
Home • Legal and Privacy
Legal and Privacy
Copyright
The material on this website – including pages, documents, graphics, audio and video – is copyright of The Nathaniel Centre and is subject to the copyright laws of New Zealand and, through international treaties, other countries. The copyright is owned by The Nathaniel Centre (unless the content is identified as being the property of another party).
For material copyright to The Nathaniel Centre
You may utilise any of the material on this website that is copyright to The Nathaniel Centre free of charge and without the permission, provided:
you are using the material for non-commercial purposes
the material is not altered; and
the source and copyright owner of the material is acknowledged.
For material with third party copyright
Permission to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders. This includes material on websites you access via links from this site.
Disclaimer
This site contains information obtained from within The Nathaniel Centre, and from sources commissioned by The Nathaniel Centre, and is subject to change without notice. The Nathaniel Centre endeavours to the best of its ability to ensure that the information is true, accurate and current. However, The Nathaniel Centre does not accept any liability for the accuracy or content of this information.
Links to third party websites
The Nathaniel Centre does not accept any liability for the accuracy or content of information on this website belonging to third parties, nor for the accuracy or content of any third-party website that you may access via a hyperlink from this site. Links to other websites from this one should not be taken as endorsement of those sites or of products offered on those sites.
When visiting other websites, please refer to the conditions of use and copyright policies of those sites.
Privacy statement
If you voluntarily provide personal information on this website (eg, through email feedback or online forms), we will keep that personal information secure and will not disclose it to any third party. We will only use that information to communicate with you in the way indicated.
If you want to check personal information that we hold, please contact us
Unsolicited email
Publication of email addresses on this site should not be taken as deemed consent to receiving unsolicited email. Persons or organisations wishing to send email material to individuals or organisations whose email addresses appear on this website must comply with the requirements of the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007(Department of Internal Affairs’ website).