http://www.peanutallergy.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Menu
x
Home
Forum
Store
Peanut Allergy
Food Allergies
Food
Parents
Education
Symptoms
Treatment
Register
Login
Search
Home
Forum
Store
Peanut Allergy
Food Allergies
Food
Parents
Education
Symptoms
Treatment
Privacy Policy
At PeanutAllergy.com we understand the importance of protecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information collected when anyone is on our site or uses the services we provide; it neither addresses nor applies to individuals or third party practices over which we have no control. This includes, but is not limited to, cookies which may be used by our advertisers.
PeanutAllergy.com only collects information pertinent to our website; as such, our stated goal is to customize your experience and let you get the most out of what we offer. To that end:
1.	PeanutAllergy.com will never rent, share, distribute, or sell any of the personal information you provide.
2.	For your security and privacy, your information is protected with a password created by you.
3.	You will always have access to your personal information and you may edit or delete it at any time.
4.	In an effort to protect children, users must be 13 years old to use our Support Groups.
Amazon Associate Disclaimer
PeanutAllergy.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. “Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.”
As an Amazon Associate, PeanutAllergy.com earns a percentage
from qualifying purchases made on Amazon.com. The cost is the same to you. You DO NOT pay extra. For example, if (and when) you click a link for a product on PeanutAllergy.com, and the link takes you to Amazon.com — we earn a percentage of your purchases over a 24 hour period. You pay what you’d normally pay, and we get a commission from your purchase(s).
Information Collection and Use:
Information Collected Upon Registration:
When you create or reconfigure a user account with PeanutAllergy, you provide some personal information, such as your username, password, and email address. Some of this information (i.e. your username and profile picture) is listed publicly on our Website, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, do not require registration.
Email Communications with Us:
As part of the Services, you may receive email and other communications from us. Administrative communications relating to your Account (e.g., for purposes of Account recovery or password reset) are considered part of the Services and your Account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving. We also may send you other kinds of emails, which you can opt-out of either from your Account Settings page or by using the “Opt-Out” link in the emails themselves. Note that we will never email you to ask for your password or other Account Information; if you receive such an email, please forward it to us.
Additional Information:
You may provide us with profile information to make public, such as a short biography, your zipcode, your birthdate, or a picture. Your account settings control whether others can see your birthday. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional.
Posts, Comments, Replies, Following, Groups and other Public Information:
Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information and get support. Most of the information you provide us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the posts and comments you create and the metadata provided therein, such as when you commented, but also the members you follow and many other bits of information that result from your use of the Services. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide public for as long as you do not delete it from PeanutAllergy. Your public posts and comments may be searchable by search engines. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and posts via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public.
Cookies:
Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles or lists. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. PeanutAllergy may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Log Data:
Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, or interact with our email notifications. PeanutAllergy uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them. If not already done earlier, for example, as provided below, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Law and Harm:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect PeanutAllergy.com’s rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s request to disclose your information.
Business Transfers:
In the event that PeanutAllergy is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.
Non-Private or Non-Personal Information:
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information.
Modifying Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account.
You can also permanently delete your PeanutAllergy account. Please email us at site@toseekemedia.com to delete your posts and delete your account at the same time.
Note: PeanutAllergy changes your settings immediately. However, old links may appear on Google and other search engines because they have cached old content in their search index. PeanutAllergy has no control over this, but you can send search engines a request to take down your information.
Our Policy Towards Children
Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at site@toseekmedia.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.
Changes & Conditions of Use
Changes or amendments to our Privacy Policy may occur now and again as warranted. However, information is always and only subject to the policy in place at the time it is collected. Should we feel the need to execute a change in the Policy, we will announce the change on our website so that our users are made aware of the change and may act accordingly.
Finally, the conditions of use (visits to our website, including the information collected, our use of that information, and any future disputes regarding issues of privacy) are subject to both this Policy and our Terms of Use.
Effective: 06/26/19
site@toseekmedia.com
2740 St. James Rd.
Belmont, CA 94002