http://www.ahahypnotherapy.org.au/_legal/privacy
Australian Hypnotherapists Association
Australia's premier association for professional hypnotherapists since 1949
AHA news
About the AHA
About the AHA
Join the AHA
Join the AHA
New member & upgrade application information
Application forms
Find a practitioner
Complaints
Recognised training & AHA events
AHA recognised training
AHA events calendar
AHA online CPD / shop
Publications / Resources
Australian Hypnotherapy Journal
Hall of fame
AHA History
Public downloads
Submissions to Government
Articles and research
Latest news
Contact us
Member area
The Unity Project - HCA and associations uniting to form a strong voice
Online peer support groups during COVID-19
Online CPD options during COVID-19
Your membership details
Membership documents (information, logos, policies, procedures etc)
Private health fund information
Find a supervisor / Be a supervisor / ongoing supervisor requirements
Policies, procedures and guidelines for members
Ongoing membership requirements for professional, clinical members and supervisors
AHA Member discussion forum
AHA Groups
member login
Privacy Policy
– Updated June 2018
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Australian Hypnotherapists Association (AHA) website, www.ahahypnotherapy.org.au.
The AHA is committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience. The AHA is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to future AHA customer support features you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include but not limited to a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or conference bookings. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. The AHA takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The AHA reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. The AHA reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Contacting us
The AHA welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Call: 1300 55 22 54
E-mail: administrator@ahahypnotherapy.org.au