http://www.ao.org/about/privacy-statement
Speakers Bureau
Events
Latest News
Contact Us
Member Login
Privacy Statement
AO Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use
The Alpha Omega International Dental Society (also known as AO) is a professional membership association for individuals who are qualified dentists, dental students, and others affiliated with the dental industry.  AO takes data privacy seriously and below are AO's policies and practices regarding the collection and use of member personal data.  Data privacy is a continuous responsibility.
Data Protection Director AO is headquartered in Rockville, Maryland, United States.  AO has designated an internal data protector for members to contact if there are questions or concerns about AO's personal data policies.
Heidi WeberAO50 W. Edmonston Drive, Suite 206Rockville, MD 20852This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.301-738-6400
How Member Data is Collected and UsedAO collects personal information about its members.  This information is limited to the kinds of information that can be found on a business card:  first name, last name, job title, employer name, work address, email, and phone number.  The information to provide members and customers with services, including membership services, privacy and data protection content, meetings, education, etc. AO does not sell personal information to anyone and only shares it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of AO services.
AO.ORG WebsiteWebsites collect data and the AO website collects certain information automatically and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where a computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other useful information about the use of the AO website, including a history of the pages you view.  AO uses this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’ needs.
Security of Information AO maintains physical, technical, and administrative safeguards.  AO updates our security technology on an ongoing basis.  AO restricts access to member personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services.  AO trains our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information.
Data Storage and RetentionMember personal data is stored by AO on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services AO engages, located in the United States. AO retains data for the duration of the customer’s or member’s business relationship with AO.  For more information on member rights of erasure and portability, please contact the AO Data Protection Director at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Changes and updates to the Privacy NoticeThe AO Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use may change in the near future as its policies and procedures are analyzed and updated.  AO reserves the right to amend the Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use at this Site.  AO may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and terms and conditions and will e-mail AO members of material changes thereto, but you should check AO.ORG frequently to see the current Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it.
Questions or ConcernsHeidi WeberAO50 W. Edmonston Drive, Suite 2016Rockville, MD 20852This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.301-738-6400
50 W. Edmonston Drive #206 Rockville, MD 20852 USA Phone: +1 (877) 368-6326 Direct: +1 (301) 738-6400 Executive Director: Heidi Weber Email: hweber@ao.org
About Alpha Omega
Membership
Latest AO News
Upcoming Events
Holocaust Survivors Program
Alumni & Student Chapters
Compendium Plus
Please publish modules in offcanvas position.