https://www.cew.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the website of Cosmetic Executive Women, Inc. (“CEW”), maintained at www.cew.org (the “Site”). CEW is committed to making sure that our users are aware of our practices regarding the privacy and security of their information. This policy explains what information CEW collects from you, how CEW handles that information, and how you can contact CEW to correct any information that may have been collected.
What this Privacy Policy Entails
This Privacy Policy sets forth CEW’s collection, storage and use of information, including personally-identifiable and non-personally-identifiable information through the Site and through other electronic messages between you and this Site or you and CEW. This Privacy Policy does not apply to: (i) information collected by CEW offline or through any other means, including any other website operated by CEW; or (ii) information collected by any third party, including through any application or content that may link to, or be accessible from, this Site.
By visiting or accessing the Site and/or submitting any information to the Site, you expressly consent and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, including the use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Site  (the “Terms of Use”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE, ACCESS, VIEW OR SUBMIT ANY INFORMATION TO THE SITE.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy may be changed at any time. If we change any terms of this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on the Site alerting Site visitors of the date of the change. Changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective ten (10) days after they are posted on the Site. Your access or use of the Site after the posting of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Therefore, each time you use or access this Site, you should check for notices of changes since your last visit and review the Privacy Policy.
Use Prohibited by Individuals Under 18
This Site is intended for the exclusive use of adults over eighteen (18) years of age. The Site and the services, content, information and programs provided or made available on and/or through the Site may not be accessed or used by any individuals that are not at least eighteen (18) years old. By accessing and using the Site you represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years old, you intend for CEW to rely upon that representation and warranty, and you have agreed to this Privacy Policy.
Personally-Identifiable Information of Children and Individuals under the Age of 18
This Site is not intended for children and individuals under the age of eighteen (18). CEW does not knowingly solicit or collect personally-identifiable information from children or individuals under the age of 18. If CEW learns that it has collected or received personal information from a child or individual under the age of 18, CEW will take reasonable measures to delete such information from its servers and databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required by law). If you believe that CEW might have any information from or about a child or individual under the age of 18, please contact CEW at membership@cew.org.
Use Outside of the United States of America
CEW makes no representation that content and materials on the Site are legal or appropriate for use outside the United States, nor does CEW represent that this Privacy Policy is consistent with requirements outside the United States. IF YOU CHOOSE TO ACCESS THE SITE FROM LOCATIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws. You may not use the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.
Information Collected
CEW endeavors to collect information only to the extent that is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be use and to the extent reasonably necessary for legitimate business purposes. Such information may include:
Information by which you may be personally identified, including your name, postal address, email address and/or (in some jurisdictions) your IP address;
Information that is about you but individually may not identify you, such as your education history, employment history and any professional certifications you possess; and/or
Information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the site, usage details and your user name and password for the Site. If you create a password for your access to any information on this Site, please do not use a password that you use for any of your other accounts.
CEW collects information directly from you when you provide it by registering for a CEW membership, setting up an account on the Site, when you submit a User Contribution (as defined in the Terms of Use) or other information through or to the Site (including information relating to employment opportunities). CEW also collects information from you automatically as you navigate through the Site. Information collected automatically may include the Internet domains or IP addresses from which you access the Site, the type of browser you use to access the Site, the date and time you access the Site, the sections of the Site you visit and entrance sites (the address of the website, if any, that linked to the Site).
Even if you do not set up an account on the Site, the information CEW collects on or through the Site may also include information that you voluntarily submit to CEW, which may include:
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses) if you contact CEW via the Site, e-mail, written correspondence or other means;
Information that you provide by completing and submitting to us any forms on the Site; and
Other information received in the course of such communication.
If you place an order or make any payment through the Site (including payments for event attendance or membership), you must provide contact information, such as name, email address and shipping address, and where appropriate payment information, such as a credit card or debit card number or expiration date. This information is used for us to complete a transaction with you that you have requested, including event registration, shipping and billing, to fill orders or to contact you if there is any issue with your order or your event registration, or if there is a change regarding the event or product/service ordered by you.
If you choose to provide CEW with personally-identifiable information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on CEW (or its third party hosts’) servers. Furthermore, you hereby understand and agree that CEW will be collecting and storing the user name and password you create for yourself. While CEW undertakes reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to information you may choose to provide to CEW through the Internet, the Internet and the Site may be subject to unauthorized attacks and compromise. CEW RECOMMENDS THAT YOU NOT USE THE SAME PASSWORD FOR CEW’S SITE AS FOR YOUR OTHER ACCOUNTS OR ACTIVITIES ON THE INTERNET.
You may browse portions of the Site and download some information from the Site without creating an account, but we may collect certain information automatically, as we describe in the following paragraph.
CEW uses “cookies” on the Site, which are elements of data that a website can send to a user’s browser and store on a user’s computer. CEW may also use “web beacons”, which are typically images used to pass information from your computer to a website or server. Cookies and web beacons can note that a user’s browser was used to visit certain sites or pages on a certain date. They can also note your use of the Site and assist you with navigation during a use session. The information about your usage of the Site collected through cookies may be stored on CEW’s servers or on the servers of CEW’s third party providers.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information in order to collect technical and usage information such as browsing history, domain name, IP address, browser type, date and time of each visit, the pages you visit, and other technical and usage information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate data about Website traffic and Website and Services interaction so that we can offer better Website and Services experiences and tools in the future.
Most web browsers permit you to set your web browser to block or delete all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by us. However, it’s important to remember that our Site and Services may not function properly if you set your browser to reject cookies.
We may use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. More information on Google Analytics can be found here:  www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. If you would like to opt-out of having your data used by these cookies, please use the Google Analytics opt-out available here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
As noted above, you may opt out of the use of cookies (and web beacons when used in connection with cookies) by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. If you elect to opt out of cookies and web beacons, it may affect your ability to use the Site.
Certain features of the Site may use locally stored objects (or “Flash cookies”) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on the Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. To learn about how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website.
How Collected Information Is Used
In addition to using the information we gather through “cookies”, CEW may use the information that it collects from you or that you provide to CEW and/or the Site, including personally-identifiable information:
To present the Site and its contents to you;
To analyze the Site and its usage;
To help CEW improve the Site and make it more useful to CEW and its users and Site visitors;
If you have set up an account through the Site, to identify and authenticate your account using the information collected from you during the registration process;
To provide you with notices about your account on the Site;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from CEW;
To provide you with educational and promotional information, materials and services;
To provide you with information or notices regarding CEW events for which you have registered or for which you have requested more information;
To respond to inquiries you submit to CEW regarding CEW, the Site or information contained on the Site;
To fulfill orders that you submit through the Site;
To review and evaluate User Contributions (as defined in the Terms of Use) that you make to the Site;
To review and evaluate submissions (including resumes and job postings) made to the career center available on the site and to contact you regarding such submissions;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide such information
To fulfill transactions, or to enforce contracts;
In any other way CEW may describe when you provide the information;
If required by law or law enforcements; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
CEW may also use the information you give it to provide information and notices from CEW and its affiliates or third parties that may be of interest to you. You may choose to opt out of any such distributions from CEW at any time by (i) using the opt out or unsubscribe mechanism on such correspondence; (ii) modifying your account settings on the Site; or (iii) contacting CEW at membership@cew.org.
CEW may also provide aggregated information about users (that is not personally-identifiable to any individual user) to third parties.
CEW may use the information it has collected from you to enable it to display advertisements to its advertisers’ target audiences. Even though CEW does not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria. Before you click on third party advertisement or link, you should review the privacy policy of that third party. CEW is not responsible for the content of the link or advertisement, or the data collected by the third party.
Disclosure of Your Information
CEW may disclose aggregated information about its users on a collective basis, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
CEW may disclose personal information that it collects or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To its subsidiaries and affiliates;
In an onward transfer with respect to a merger or acquisition of CEW or sale of assets with respect to the Site;
In an onward transfer with respect to a third party working on behalf of or providing services to CEW;
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures;
In response to a request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose CEW, you, or any other user of the Site to legal liability;
In connection with an investigation of fraud, theft, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity or activity that violates this Privacy Policy or CEW’s Terms of Use;
To protect the rights, property or personal safety of CEW, its members, Site users and the public;
For billing purposes;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed to you when you provide the information; or
With your consent.
Posting or Submission of Content
Any User Contribution (as defined in the Terms of Use) that you post or submit to the Site will become our information, and if you or we then post that User Contribution to the Site, it becomes public information, and may also be collected or used by other users of the Site with access to those areas of the Site. CEW is not responsible or liable for the use by you or third parties of any User Contributions posted on the Site.
Membership Directory
CEW maintains an online membership directory that members may access by logging onto the Site. The information that CEW collects from members and stores in the membership directory includes, but is not limited to, your full name, title, the name and address of your organization or place of employment, home address, email address and phone number. You can change the settings for what types of information is displayed in the membership directory by modifying your account settings on the Site.
Access, Review and Correction of Information; Misuse of Information; Opt Out
You can access, review and correct certain personally-identifiable information that has been collected from you through the Site by logging onto your member account and/or your profile on the Site, if applicable. You may also send CEW an email at membership@cew.org to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided or if you believe that your personal information is being used by CEW for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted. CEW may not accommodate a request to change information if it believes the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use of your personal information, you may make a request by writing to CEW at Cosmetic Executive Women, Inc., 159 West 25th Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10001, or by e-mail at membership@cew.org. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to enforce a contract or transaction, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting the change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
Security
CEW uses reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity and privacy of personally-identifiable information you provide to CEW through this Site. However, you must carefully consider what information you share through the Site, as CEW cannot guarantee that it will be able to block all attempted attacks on the Site or that any of your personally-identifiable information stored on CEW’s servers or transmitted to or from the Site will be free from unauthorized access. NO METHOD OF TRANSMISSION OVER THE INTERNET OR METHOD OF ELECTRONIC STORAGE IS COMPLETELY SECURE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, CEW DISCLAIMS AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, DAMAGE TO OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY OF YOUR PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION BEING STORED ON ITS SERVERS OR ON THE SITE OR TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THE SITE. Note that CEW will also not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the site.
Third Party Links
This Site may provide links to various third party sites. When linking to a third party site, please review the terms of use and privacy policies posted on each site before providing any information about yourself to those sites. You proceed to those external sites at your own risk. CEW does not endorse or control the information on those other sites, nor does CEW control the information gathered, stored or used on those sites. CEW is not responsible for, or liable to you or any third party for, the use and privacy of user information on any linked sites.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial
By accessing or using the Site, you agree that any and all disputes and claims arising out of or relating to the Site, the Site Content, Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, tort claims, shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles. In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction in the courts located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in the State of New York and you waive any defenses of inconvenient forum, immunity, or lack of personal jurisdiction.
Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, each user of the Site waives any and all rights to a jury trial with respect to any claim arising out of or relating to the Site, this Privacy Policy or any Content, services or materials provided in or through the Site.
Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, you waive any and all rights to bring or litigate any claim or dispute relating to the Site, this Privacy Policy or any Content, services or materials provided in or through the Site as a class action, either as a member of a class or as a representative.
California Residents – Your Privacy Rights
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users of this Site that are California residents to request certain information about the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by CEW pursuant to § 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please send an email to membership@cew.org or write to CEW at: Cosmetic Executive Women, Inc., 159 West 25th Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10001. Please allow thirty (30) days for a response.
General
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of Use, constitute the entire agreement between you and CEW regarding the use of the Site and any personally-identifiable information you provide to CEW through the Site.
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the maximum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Privacy Policy will continue in full force and effect.
You agree that the limitation of liability provisions contained in the Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy apply to any and all disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy, your use of the Site and any information you provide to CEW.
Questions About CEW’s Privacy Policy
Should you have any questions about CEW’s Privacy Policy, please email CEW at membership@cew.org.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 31, 2019.
Cosmetic Executive Women, Inc. (CEW) is a nonprofit, professional organization with more than 10,500+ members globally, both men and women, from over 3,500 companies in the beauty and retail industries.
FAQ
Recent Press
Join CEW
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
CEW Team
About CEW
Events
Awards & Honors
Beauty News
Membership
Sponsorship
159 W 25th Street, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10001
Tel: (646)-929-8000
Fax: (212)-685-3334
info@cew.org
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Member Survey
×
Download the CEW Event App
×
Become a Member
Join CEW
×
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Be sure to read more about our Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes