http://www.nmc-uk.org/terms-and-conditions/
Please visit nmc.org.uk/COVID19 for information about temporary registration and changes to how we’re operating during this time.
X
Menu
Search the register
Employer confirmations
About us
Back
About us
Shaping the future of the NMC
What we do
Governance
Reports and accounts
Careers
Consultations
Policy
Equality, diversity and inclusion
Who we work with
Standards
Back
Standards
The Code
Revalidation
Standards for nurses
Standards for midwives
Standards for nursing associates
Standards for post-registration
Guidance and Supporting Information
Education
Back
Education
Our role in education
Standards for education
Developing our standards
Becoming a nurse, midwife or nursing associate
Approved programmes
Quality assurance of education
Contacts at education institutions
Concerns
Back
Concerns
How we deal with concerns
Support for patients, families and the public
Concerns, complaints and referrals
Hearings
FtP guidance library
Our new approach to fitness to practise
Information for those under investigation
Information for witnesses
Our services for employers
Registration
Back
Registration
Search the register
Employer confirmations
NMC Online
Joining the register
Manage your registration
Returning to the register
What Brexit means
Registration appeals
Guidance for employers
News
Back
News
Coronavirus (Covid-19): Information and advice
News and updates
Press releases
Events
Media enquiries
Email newsletters
Latest hearings and sanctions
Cymraeg
Latest hearings
NMC Online
Contact us
Close Menu
Home
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Legal disclaimer
1. Website terms and conditions
1.1 The terms and conditions (the "Terms") set out below will govern your use of the websites which can be found at www.nmc.org.uk, NMC Online, the Overseas Portal and any other microsites created by the Nursing and Midwifery Council (referred to as "Websites"). The Websites are owned and operated by the Nursing and Midwifery Council, a body corporate established under the Nursing and Midwifery Order 2001 ("NMC", "us", "we" or "our"). The Websites and the Information (as described below) are designed to be compliant with applicable UK laws, rules and regulations. NMC specifically reserves all rights to limit provision of our products and services to select persons, countries or geographic regions.
1.2 Please read these Terms carefully. By continuing to access and use the Websites you are deemed to have understood and agreed to them. If you do not agree to them you must refrain from using the Websites and any services available through it.
1.3 NMC reserves the right, at its discretion, to make changes to any part of the Websites, the Information or these Terms. Should these Terms be amended, we will publish details of the amendments on the Websites. By continuing to use the Websites after we have published the notification you agree to be bound by these Terms as amended.
1.4 The NMC provides certain services through the Websites, including but not limited to search the register of nurses, midwives and specialist community public health nurses (the "Register"), register as an Authorised User (as defined below) and access NMC Online services for registrants.
2. Disclaimer
2.1 These Websites contains information, text, data, graphics, applications, photographs, illustrations, artwork, names, logos, trademarks and information about NMC and on the products and services they provide (the "Information").
2.2 The Websites and Information is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis only and NMC does not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, performance or fitness for a particular purpose of the Websites or any of the Information. NMC has tried to ensure that all the Information provided on the Websites is correct at the time of publication. However, no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of NMC for any errors, omissions, or inaccurate Information on the Websites. Further, NMC does not warrant that the Websites will be uninterrupted or error free or that any defects will be corrected.
2.3 Notwithstanding Condition 2.2 above, the NMC provides the Employers Confirmation Service on the basis of real time access to the Register and NMC uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Register is accurate and up to date.
2.4 Although NMC attempts to ensure that the Information contained in these Websites is accurate and up-to-date, we accept no liability for the results of any action taken on the basis of the Information they contain and all implied warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy are excluded from these Terms to the extent that they may be excluded as a matter of law. We do not attempt to exclude any rights you may otherwise have as a consumer that we cannot exclude as a matter of law.
2.5 Save in respect of death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or fraud, neither NMC nor any of its directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for any loss you suffer including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss, or any damages arising from loss of use, data or profits, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with the use of these Websites.
3. Internet based transfers
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the Websites and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge our processing of personal information in this way. However, we will endeavour to protect all personal information collected through the Websites in accordance with strict data protection standards
4. Linking
4.1 Websites or web pages to which the Websites are linked are for information purposes and have not been reviewed by NMC. To the extent that such websites or web pages do not contain information about NMC, our products and services, we accept no responsibility for the content of such websites or web pages, nor do we accept responsibility for any losses or penalties incurred as a result of your use of any links or reliance on the content of any website to which our Websites are linked.
4.2 When you access a website, through a link from the Websites, you accept that it is independent from the Websites and that NMC has no control over the content of the linked third party website. Accordingly a link to a website does not mean that NMC endorses or accepts any duty or responsibility for the content, accuracy or the use of the contents of such website. Although NMC strives to link to third party websites which comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, the content on these websites may change without notice to NMC. You should take precautions to ensure protection of your privacy as well as to guard against Destructive Features (as described below).
4.3 Notwithstanding the above, the Websites may link to the websites of third party service providers which the NMC has engaged to provide specific services to the NMC. We shall make it clear where the third party website is acting on our behalf.
5. Computer viruses, worms and trojan horses
5.1 Whilst we use reasonable endeavours to protect the Websites from computer viruses, worms, Trojan Horses and other such destructive features (the “Destructive Features”), we do not warrant that the Websites are free from such Destructive Features and accept no liability for any damage that may result from the transmission of any Destructive Feature via the Websites or via any files which are available for you to download from the Websites. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
5.2 You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use the Websites or any service made available through them and that it is compatible with the Websites.
6. Intellectual property rights and reproduction
6.1 Except as is otherwise indicated on the Websites or in these Terms, NMC and/or its licensors own the copyright in all the Information featured on the Websites and all related intellectual property rights, including but not limited to all database rights, design rights, patents, unregistered and registered trademarks and logos. You should not infer any affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement from the use of third party marks on the Websites, as such marks are used solely to designate certain products or services as belonging to their owners. Nothing on the Websites is intended to grant, by implication or otherwise, any licence or right under any patent, trademark or other intellectual property owned by NMC or any licensor or third party.
6.2 You are permitted to download, print, store temporarily, retrieve and display Information from the Websites on a computer screen, print individual pages on paper (but not photocopy them) and store such pages in electronic form on disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to the network) for your personal use or for internal use within your organisation.
6.3 Additionally you may reproduce the content of any of our rules, standards and guidance in part or in full. If you do this, you must:
ensure that you are using the most up-to-date version of any source document;
not alter the text so as to change the meaning;
credit NMC as author; and
provide a link to these Websites wherever possible.
You do not need our permission to quote from our rules, standards or guidance in academic essays or local policies.
6.4 You are not permitted (except where we have given you express permission to do so or you are otherwise permitted to do so by law) to adapt, modify, copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, create derivative works from, download, post, broadcast or transmit in any other way any of the Information on the Websites.
7. Your further use of the websites
7.1 You further agree not to use any Information on the Websites except to the extent necessary to enable you to use the Websites and the services provided through them.
7.2 You shall use the Websites only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the Websites. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue on the Websites.
7.3 You shall not use the Websites for any immoral or illegal purpose. In particular you agree that you will not:
in any way damage, disable or impair the operation of the Websites, or attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Websites or to network connected to them, by hacking, spoofing or other such similar means.
7.4 You acknowledge and agree that NMC may disclose User Content and your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; or (c) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of NMC, its employees, nurses, midwives, and the public.
7.5 To the extent permitted by law, you indemnify and hold NMC and any of our officers, employees or agents harmless from and against all and any expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses incurred or suffered and any claims or legal proceedings which are brought or threatened, in each case arising from your use of, or conduct on, the Websites and/or any breach of these Terms.
8. Data protection and the NMC privacy policy
8.1 We may require basic information which identifies you as an individual, such as your name and email address, in order to enable you to take advantage of our services. We will only use such personal information for the purposes of providing information or services which you have requested and for statutory notices for the renewal of your registration through revalidation, or for other related purposes as set out in our privacy notice.
8.2 By creating an NMC Online account you are agreeing that all registration notices will be sent to the email address you have provided and that this will be your address for correspondence. This includes the formal notices for the renewal of your registration through revalidation. It is important to keep your email address up to date to help you maintain your registration.
8.3 The websites use cookies. By continuing to use this site you give us permission to store cookies on your computer. For more details about the cookies we use and how to disable cookies refer to our privacy notice.
9. Complaints or queries
In the event that you have any complaints or queries concerning our services or products, or about these Websites generally, please contact us by email at communications@nmc-uk.org or by post at the Nursing and Midwifery Council, 23 Portland Place, London, W1B 1PZ.
10. Severability
If these Terms or any part of them should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable under the laws of any state or country in which these Terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent that they are so illegal, invalid or unenforceable, they shall in that state or country be treated as severed and deleted from these Terms. The remaining Terms shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable in that state or country.
11. Events beyond our control
NMC will not be responsible for any breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation acts of God, war, terrorism or technical difficulties.
12. File download
Certain files of Information may be available for download from the Websites. These files of Information are subject to these Terms.
13. Entire agreement
Except for in the case of fraud, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and NMC in relation to the subject matter.
14. Governing law
These Terms are subject to English law and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
These terms and conditions were last updated 17 December 2015.
Print this page
Email this page
Last updated: 14/07/2020
You are here:
Terms and conditions
Cookies
Facebook page rules
I want to...
Know more about revalidation
Check my renewal date on NMC Online
Find information and advice about Coronavirus (Covid-19)
Sign up to our newsletters
Criteria
Search