http://www.snacc.org/privacy-policy/
&phone 804-565-6360
Home
About
Mission & Bylaws
Board of Directors
Committees
History
Past President’s Message
Past Presidents
Job Opportunities
Contact Us – Media Inquiries
Join
Member Benefits/Join
Membership Eligibility
World Bank Membership Tiers
Online Application
Printable Application
Meetings
SNACC Annual Meeting
Other Meetings
Past Meetings
Exhibit Information
SNACC Abstract Presentation Policy
Education
Article of the Month
Bibliography & Suggested References
Chat with the Author
Guidelines
Fellowships
Interactive Neuromonitoring Clinical Cases
Neuroanesthesia Quiz
PBLD
Experts’ Audio Corner
Cognitive Aids for Neuroanesthetic Emergencies
Awards
Publications
COVID-19 Resources
SNACC Newsletters
Journal of Neurosurgical Anesthesiology
Consensus Statements and Guidelines
SNACC Social Media Policy
SNACC Resources
SNACC Clinical Consensus Statements
Other SNACC Resources
Past Meeting Abstracts
Newsletter Advertising Rates
Member Section
Member Login
Renew Dues
New Member Spotlight
Fellows & Residents
NeuroAnesthesia Classroom
ICPNT
Interested in a Neuroanesthesia Fellowship?
Fellowships
Fellows’ and Residents’ Audio Corner
Challenging Cases
Neuroanesthesia Case Discussion Forum
Ask the Expert
JNA Podcast
Contact
Society for Neuroscience in Anesthesiology and Critical Care
PRIVACY POLICY
AND TERMS OF USE
We have made revisions to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (the “Policy”). These revisions become effective on the date below. You consent to the revised Privacy Policy after such data if you visit our website (the “Site”) or use our services (the “Services”) after that date.
Last Updated: June 12, 2018
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (“Policy”) governs your use of Society for Neuroscience in Anesthesiology and Critical Care’s website, www.snacc.org (the “Site”), along with all software owned, provided by us, or made available by us on or through the Site or any third party site, including all Society for Neuroscience in Anesthesiology and Critical Care mobile application software made available through applications stores (“Software”); all services provided in connection with the Site and Software (“Services”); and all web pages, data, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio, video, documents, tags, and other information and content made available on or through the Site and Software (“Content”). We have developed this Policy to advise you as to what information we collect through the Site and the Software, whether personally identifiable or not, how we collect it, how we use it, how we share it, and how we protect it.
By accessing or using the Site and Software, you hereby agree to comply with and be bound by this Policy and the terms and conditions discussed herein. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE, SOFTWARE, SERVICES, OR CONTENT.
The Information We Collect:
Information you voluntarily provide us: When you visit our Site or use the Software or Services and create an account and/or access your account through the Site and/or the Software you may voluntarily provide us with certain information that identifies you including without limitation your name, address and email address and any other information you may choose to share.
In some cases, if you decline to share such information with us, we may not be able to respond to you or provide you with services. Other than as provided in this Policy, we will not use, disclose or share your information with any third parties, without your consent.
Information which we collect automatically: When you visit our Site or use our Software and Services, we may collect additional information, such as your internet protocol (or “IP”) address, browser, operating system, pages or content you access while visiting the Site and the date and time of such access.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We may collect information through the Site by way of cookies or other tracking technologies. Cookies and other tracking technologies are script files that facilitate the collection of information, such as the number of visitors to the Site, and how each visitor arrived at the Site.
You may be able to reject or block cookies or tracking technologies on the Site by adjusting your browser settings.
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar.
If you elect to reject cookies and other tracking technologies we may not be able to deliver certain information or services to you.
Payment Information: We collect certain payment and billing information when you register for certain paid Services. For example, you may be required to provide name and contact information for meeting registration and/or for membership application and dues renewal, as well as payment card details.
Device Information: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet or other devices when you access our Site or use our Services, including connection type, operating system, browser type, IP address, device identifiers. You can disable the collection of much of this information through the settings of your device or through your operating system.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
We only use your information as permitted by law.
We may combine information that we collect with information from external sources. We may use your information to:
Promote use of our Services to you and others or to send you marketing materials.
Bill and collect payment.
Provide you the Services.
Obtain your feedback on our Site. Software and Services.
Statistically analyze user behavior and activity and to improve the Site or Services.
Communicate with you and provide customer support.
With your consent for a specific use.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google that utilizes cookies to monitor web-traffic on the Site.
We use Google Analytics to collect, track and examine data about the Site’s usage.
We may run reports based on the data we collect and we may share the data with other Google services.
Google may use the data to personalize and customize the advertisements that are served to you from its advertising network. The Site does not respond to Do Not Track Signals from your browser.
Who We Share Your Information With:
We may share or transfer information you provide to us or that we collect on the Site or through the Service.
Business-related transfers. We may share your information to other businesses that we acquire, are acquired by, or with which we merge or partner.
Service Providers. We may share your Personal information with our affiliates, service providers, partners, and other third parties (“Service Partners”) to provide the Services described herein to you, including membership services and the processing of dues and other payments.
We may also share our membership and conference attendee lists, which lists may include your name and/or email address, with or companies that may have products or services of interest to you, or to other members or attendees of conferences for which you are registered.
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose Personal Information about you at any time: if required to do so by law; if in good-faith we believe that such action is necessary to comply with local, state, or federal laws, or to respond to a court order, judicial or other governmental subpoena or warrant; or in the event of bankruptcy proceedings.
Protect Our Rights. We also reserve the right to share information if, in good faith, we believe such is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect us or our affiliates from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Site and/or Software; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, and those of our affiliates and others.
Except as explicitly stated herein or otherwise agreed by you in a separate agreement, we will not share your Personal Information with any third parties.
Exceptions:
Retention of Your Information
We may retain your questions and feedback in order to improve the Site.
Do not send us any information, ideas, suggestions, proposals or comments that you consider confidential or that you wish to be treated as confidential. If you no longer want us to use or retain personal information you provided to us, you may contact us at snacc@snacc.org and request that we delete such personal information from our records.
Third Party Privacy Practices.
The Site may contain links to websites owned by third parties and third party advertisements. This Policy applies only to the Site and its content, Software, and our collection and use of information provided through the Site and/or Software. Your use of third party sites and content may be governed by such third party’s terms of use or privacy policies. Please review any third-party privacy policies before providing your information on any third-party site. We are not liable for or responsible for your use of third party sites or Third-Party Content.
Access and Integrity of Stored Personal Information
You can help us maintain the accuracy of your Personal Information by updating your account any time your Personal Information changes. If you wish to delete any Personal Information that you have provided, subject to your understanding that certain deletions may affect our ability to provide certain Services to you, you may do so by accessing your account through the Site or Software.
How We Store and Secure Your Information
We use data hosting service providers in the United States to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.
We will undertake reasonable steps to protect all information, from unauthorized or accidental access, disclosure, misuse or processing, or from alteration, destruction, or loss.
However, because no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of information you submit to us.
Please use reasonable precautions, including safeguarding your username and password, in order to prevent unauthorized access of your account. If you believe that someone has obtained your username or password, or otherwise accessed your account without authorization, please notify us immediately at snacc@snacc.org.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We retain your personal information in accordance with our data retention policies and practices.
The length of time we keep your information depends upon a number of factors, including the type of information. In general, we retain personal information for as long as we have an ongoing business need to retain it. Following that period, we will delete it.
Users from the European Economic Area
Legal Basis for Processing.
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable European Union laws.
The legal bases depend on how you use the Site, Software and the Services:
We need to collect and use the information to use Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
How to Access or Control Your Information – The General Data Protection Directive grants individuals in the EEA certain rights with respect to their information. These include the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us at the address in the Contact Section below.
The GDPR provides that we may limit or deny your requests in certain cases. For example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we have compelling legitimate interests to keep, including as required by law.
You may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed if you have concerns about your rights.
Other International Users
The Site is hosted and the Services are performed in the U.S. and are intended for U.S. customers.
If you are a consumer accessing the Site from Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use and disclosure that differ from U.S. laws, your continued use of the Site, which is governed by U.S. law and these terms, indicates your consent to transfer of your information to the U.S.
Children’s Privacy
Because protecting the privacy of young children is especially important, we do not knowingly collect or maintain information from or about persons under 13 years of age. No part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or access the Site at any time or in any manner.
If we learn that personal information of persons under 13 has been collected on the Site without verified parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY)
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of customers’ personal information with third parties. These businesses are required to accept requests for disclosures of these policies from customers but are only required to honor one request per calendar year. Businesses have thirty (30) days to respond to each inquiry to the designated address. Each inquiring customer will receive an explanation of the categories of customer information shared and the names and addresses of any third-party businesses. In limited circumstances, customers’ failure to submit requests in the manner specified will not require a response from the business.
If you are a California resident, you may request such information from us by sending a letter to the address listed below.
In your letter, please provide your name, address and email address, as well as a request that we provide such information to you, by using the following or similar language, “I request that the Society for Neuroscience in Anesthesiology and Critical Care provide its third-party information sharing disclosures required by section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code.”
Society for Neuroscience in Anesthesiology and Critical Care
2209 Dickens Road
Richmond, VA 23230
USA
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may revise this Policy at any time.
Any Policy revisions will be effective upon posting to the Site.
You should review this Policy, each time you visit the Site or the Services, to inform yourself of any revisions. Your continued use of the Site, Software, Services, and Content will constitute your acceptance of the Policy as revised.
Disclaimers
The Site and Software and any Services or Content provided in connection with the Site and Software are provided “as is,” without warranties or conditions of any kind, whether oral or written, express, implied, or otherwise. We make no representations or warranties as to whether the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith are accurate, complete, or current. We specifically disclaim all implied warranties and conditions, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In particular, we make no representation or warranty that the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith, or your use of any of the foregoing, will not infringe any patent or other proprietary right of any other person.
Your use of the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith, is entirely at your own risk. You understand and agree that in no event shall we, or our trustees, officers, employees, agents, or representatives, including Service Providers and other affiliated parties, be liable to you or any other use of the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or any other monetary or other damages, fees, fines, penalties, loss of revenue, or business liabilities arising out of or relating in any way to the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith, including without limitation your use or inability to use any of the foregoing, whether or not any parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
You acknowledge and agree that your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith is to discontinue all use of the same.
You further acknowledge that the Site, Software, and any Services or Content provided therewith are not intended to constitute the practice of medicine or the furnishing of medical, nursing, or professional health care advice, diagnosis, consultation, treatment, or services in any jurisdiction.
Intellectual Property
We, and our licensors, own all right, title and interest in and to the Site and Software, and all proprietary Content provided in connection therewith, including all intellectual property rights therein. All rights not expressly granted to you herein are expressly reserved to us.
Modification or use of the Site, Software, or any proprietary Content for any purpose other than as expressly permitted herein, on the Site, or through the Software, is strictly prohibited. No right, title, or interest in any intellectual property underlying the Site, Software, and proprietary Content is transferred to you as a result of accessing or using it. Unless otherwise specified, you may not copy, modify, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, link to or frame in another website, use on any other website, transfer or sell any proprietary Content obtained from the Site or through the Software, without our express written permission. The foregoing prohibition expressly includes, but is not limited to, the practices of “screen scraping” and “data mining.” In addition, you may not directly or indirectly decompile, disassemble, decipher, reverse engineer, reengineer or otherwise attempt to derive source code or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure or organization from the Software.
All trademarks, service marks, and logos (“Trademarks”) displayed on the Site and/or through the Software, with or without attribution, are our, or third parties’, registered and/or unregistered trademarks. Nothing in or on the Site or Software should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right in or to the Trademarks without our and/or the applicable third parties’ express written permission.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or how we treat information pursuant to this Policy we encourage you to contact us at snacc@snacc.org or by mail at:
Society for Neuroscience in Anesthesiology and Critical Care
2209 Dickens Road
Richmond, VA 23230
USA
Attn: Privacy