http://www.thebarefootdragonfly.com/contact/privacy_policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyAmy Kreydin2018-05-31T13:06:23-05:00
Privacy Policy
The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC is owned and operated by Amy Kreydin based in Austin, Texas, USA. Interactions with The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC may include the following key roles:
Clients – those who have specifically contracted the services of Amy Kreydin to promote their personal wellness both in-person and via phone or video chat platforms (e.g. Zoom).
Students – those who have enrolled in community and/or professional courses, classes, workshops, lectures, webinars, and trainings provided by The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC both in-person, and via electronic learning platforms.
Newsletter subscribers – those who have submitted personal information via email, social media, a sign-up sheet, or a MailChimp form. These may or may not be current or former students or clients but have requested to hear from The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC via newsletter subscriptions.
This policy describes how The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC collects, uses, and stores personal information. You consent to this privacy policy by using the website, the virtual classroom, scheduling an appointment, enrolling in a class, subscribing to the email newsletter, or using social media platforms to connect with us.
Information We May Collect
Personal information is collected in order for The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC to conduct business, including providing the services we offer. We may collect the following data:
Name and contact information
Billing information
Wellness records
Other Information We May Collect
When visiting the website your IP address and anonymous traffic data may be collected for the purposes of identifying which areas of the website receive visits, as well as to diagnose problems via our webhost.
The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC website employs minimal use of “cookies” to function. Visitors can choose to disable cookies through their internet browser’s settings but may find the website does not function the same. No personally identifiable information is collected, stored, or transmitted with this process.
How We Use This Information
I. Contact
The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC may contact you via the name and contact information we have collected. That contact may include:
Confirmation and reminder emails and/or texts related to appointments you have scheduled.
Confirmation and notification emails related to classes you have enrolled in.
Notification emails related to classes you have requested to be notified when registration and dates are announced.
Monthly email newsletter with wellness tips, class announcements, and any important news or updates from The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC.
II. Billing Information
The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC employs two merchant processing services: PayPal and Teachable Inc. The former is used for transactions related to appointments and in-person classes, the latter is used for transactions related to webinars and online classes. These two providers collect your credit card number, and billing information, and reimburse The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC minus their processing fees. The information The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC receives from these two providers include:
Transaction details include: the amount, time of purchase, name of purchaser, and when applicable shipping and/or email address. The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC does not receive, nor store, credit card numbers.
The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC keeps transaction records for seven (7) years to comply with Internal Revenue Services (IRS) for tax purposes.
III. Wellness Records
In order to provide wellness services The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC requires new clients and lapsed clients to submit a health history intake form. Appointments are documented by your wellness provider and can be supplemented with additional records you supply from other wellness and medical providers. Examples include: a copy of your latest lab work, a radiography report from an x-ray or MRI, et cetera.
In compliance with federal and state laws the following practices are in place at The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC:
Wellness records are stored electronically in an encrypted electronic health record (EHR) system that is accessible via unique log-in ID by the owner-operator.
Access to these electronic records containing protected health information (PHI) are limited to the owner-operator and require the user be logged into a secure machine (computer, tablet, or smartphone) prior to logging into the EHR system.
Records are kept for seven (7) years from the date of the last appointment, or until the client reaches age 21, whichever date is later. This complies with Texas Health and Safety Code 22 Tex. Admin. Code § 165.1(b) (2008).
There are a few instances when your wellness records would be shared with someone other than yourself, they include:
When you’ve given written permission for Amy Kreydin to speak with another wellness or medical provider that you have specifically named.
In the event of a medical emergency your emergency contact will be notified at the number(s) you have designated.
In the event of a suspected case of child abuse or if you are considered to be a danger to yourself or others your wellness provider may be required to release protected health information to the appropriate authorities to comply with local or federal laws.
In the event you bring a personal injury or workers’ compensation claim to court your wellness provider may be requested to release your records and/or testify concerning injuries you sought services to support healing and recovery from at The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC.
Your Rights Over Your Personal Data
You can unsubscribe from our email newsletter at any time. Please note that your email address will remain in the system as a record of whom not to send email to. You can resubscribe at any time should you change your mind.
You can request to be removed from appointment email and/or text reminders and notifications. Please note that should you fail to comply with our 24-hour cancellation policy you may be barred from making future appointments.
You can request to be removed from class registration notification and reminder emails. Please note that if you are enrolled in an online course you will lose access to the online course if you request your personal information be removed; it is not possible to maintain an account in the virtual classroom on your behalf without an active email address.
You can request that your wellness records be released to yourself or to another provider. The State of Texas permits us to charge a $20 records release fee to cover administrative costs and fees associated with a records release request. Please allow 15 business days from the time we receive your written request.
Your loved one can request that your wellness records be destroyed following your death by submitting your death certificate to The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
At our discretion we may review and make updates to this Privacy Policy from time to time and will notify you of such changes via email. Your continued use of our services after receipt of notification of changes to this Privacy Policy is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any other business practices of The Barefoot Dragonfly please get in touch:
Amy Kreydin, Owner-Practitioner
The Barefoot Dragonfly LLC
7601 Pheasant Rock Road
Austin, Texas 78729
USA
Last updated: May 25, 2018
error: Content is protected !!
Go to Top