http://www.flagstaffboneandjoint.com/online-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Online Privacy Policy
You are hereHome
About
Online Privacy Policy
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
May 1, 2020
Flagstaff Bone & Joint (Flagstaff Bone & Joint) values its users' privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") will help you understand how we collect and use information from those who visit our website or make use of our online facilities and services, and what we will and will not do with the information we collect. Our Policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Flagstaff Bone & Joint of our commitment and realization of our obligation to meet privacy standards.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
This Policy applies to Flagstaff Bone & Joint, and it governs any and all data collection and usage by us. Through the use of you are therefore consenting to the data collection procedures expressed in this Policy.
Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that Flagstaff Bone & Joint does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us. If you visit a website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent to better understand the way in which websites garner, make use of and share the information collected.
Specifically, this Policy will inform you of the following
1. What personal information is collected from you through our website;
2. Why we collect information and the legal basis for such collection;
3. How we use the collected information;
4. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data; and
5. The security procedures in place to protect your information.
Information We Collect
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us. This website collects various types of information, such as:
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies, but is not personally identifiable. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may be able to alter your browser’s configuration to refuse cookies. These settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. You should use the ‘Help’ option in your internet browser to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. Below are instructions on how to choose these settings for the most popular browsers. Please note that you may not be able to receive certain services on our website if you refuse a cookie. To find out more about cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
In addition, Flagstaff Bone & Joint may have the occasion to collect the type of browser you are using, device type, or the type of operating system which will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Why We Collect Information and For How Long
We are collecting your data for several reasons:
To better understand your needs and provide you with the services you have requested;
To fulfill our legitimate interest in improving our services and our website;
To send you emails containing information we think you may like, but allow you to unsubscribe at any time;
To contact you to fill out surveys or participate in other types of market research;
To customize our website according to your online behavior and personal preferences.
The data we collect will be stored for no longer than necessary. The length of time we retain said information will be determined based; the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations; any limitation periods within which claims might be made; any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators, professional bodies or associations; and our legitimate interest in keeping such information as stated in this Policy.
Use of Information Collected
Flagstaff Bone & Joint does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties.  Flagstaff Bone & Joint may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure the delivery of the services you need and request.
At times, we may find it necessary to use your provided email as a means to keep you informed of other possible services that may be available to you https://www.flagstaffboneandjoint.com/  You may opt out of email communications from us at any time by sending an email to info@flagstaffbonejointpatients.com, with "Unsubscribe" in the subject from the email address you wish for us to remove. You may also utilize the Unsubscribe links included in the footer of any email correspondence from us to opt out of receiving future communication.
Flagstaff Bone & Joint may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Flagstaff Bone & Joint may find it beneficial to all our customers to share specific data with our trusted partners in an effort to conduct statistical analysis, provide you with email and/or postal mail, deliver support and/or arrange for appointments to be made.
Those third parties shall be strictly prohibited from selling this information and are required to maintain the strictest of confidentiality.
Flagstaff Bone & Joint various third-party social media features including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and other interactive programs. These may collect your IP address and require cookies to work properly. These services are governed by the privacy policies of the providers and are not within Flagstaff Bone & Joint’s control.
Disclosure of Information
Flagstaff Bone & Joint may not use or disclose the information provided by you except under the following circumstances:
as necessary to provide services you have requested;
in other ways described in this Policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined;
as required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
as necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of Flagstaff Bone & Joint.
Non-Marketing Purposes
Flagstaff Bone & Joint greatly respects your privacy. We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in Flagstaff Bone & Joint services). In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
Children under the age of 13
Flagstaff Bone & Joint’s website is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from, children under the age of thirteen (13). If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe from our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe info@flagstaffbonejointpatients.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out. Flagstaff Bone & Joint will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Websites
Flagstaff Bone & Joint does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of any non Flagstaff Bone & Joint websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Notice to European Union Users
Flagstaff Bone & Joint’s operations are located primarily in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) and sent to the United States. (The adequacy decision on the EU-US Privacy became operational on August 1, 2016. This framework protects the fundamental rights of anyone in the EU whose personal data is transferred to the United States for commercial purposes. It allows the free transfer of data to companies that are certified in the US under the Privacy Shield.) By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described in this Policy.
Security
Flagstaff Bone & Joint takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect personal information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the webpage.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. This is all done to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control. The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Acceptance of Terms
By using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our site. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Telephone Number:
(928) 773-2280
Mailing Address:
Flagstaff Bone & Joint
77 West Forest Avenue, Suite 301
Flagstaff, AZ 86001
About
Careers
News & Events
Patient Reviews
Privacy Policy
Surgical Facility Affiliations
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Online Privacy Policy
Call
Schedule Online
Locations
Bill Pay & Portal