http://www.rcvs.org.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Explore our sites
ProfessionalsAnimal OwnersFind A VetRCVS Knowledge
Privacy notice
This site makes use of cookies, which we use to collect anonymised statistical data to improve your experience, and not for marketing purposes.
If you continue we’ll assume you are happy to receive them.
Continue
Read our cookie policy
HomeCookie policy
share
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Google+
Share on WhatsApp
Share by e-mail
print
Print
Cookie policy
This website does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
For more information on how we use your data please read our Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may affect the functionality of this website.
This site uses a limited number of third party suppliers to provide specific functionality and these cookies are included in the list below. Further information on the nature of the information collected, and the options you have to control these, are provided as links in this list.
Cookie Name
Purpose
JSESSIONID
Used to store a unique random identifier for each visit to this website. No other information is written to this cookie on your computer/device. This cookie is required by the webserver software to remember certain settings such as whether you have logged in to the site. This cookie is destroyed each time you close your browser and all information stored against this unique identifier is automatically deleted from the server 30 minutes after your last access of the website. This cookie is essential to ensure that all website functionality is available to you. For normal visitors no information will be stored in the session and will only be used for administrative access to the Content Management System, used for site administration.
Google Analytics__gat__ga__gid
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets cookies in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the site. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Read the Google Privacy Policy for information on how to reject or delete this cookie. Read more details about how Google Analytics specifically handles your information, and what specific information Google Analytics captures about you.
nxshare
This cookie is set when logging into the My Account area and allows all the RCVS sites to know that you are logged in. If you do not allow this cookie you will need to log in again when going from www.rcvs.org.uk to knowledge.rcvs.org.uk for example. This cookie expires as soon as the browser is closed.
ASP.NET__SessionId
This cookie is set when browsing any My Account area pages, including the login page (anything beginning with myaccount.rcvs.org.uk). This cookie is set by a third party system and it expires as soon as your browser is closed. This cookie is REQUIRED to enable access to the My Account areas.
Asi.Web.Browser.CookiesEnabled
This cookie is set when browsing the My Account area pages (including the login page). It records the fact that your browser accepts cookies. This cookie is set by a third party system and it expires as soon as your browser is closed. This cookie is REQUIRED to enable access to the My Account area.
Login
This cookie is set by the members integration system when you log into the My Account area, to track the fact you have logged in. This cookie is set by a third party system and it expires as soon as your browser is closed. This cookie is REQUIRED to enable access to the My Account areas.
TinyMCE
This cookie only exists for administrators of the RCVS website and is set by TinyMCE WYSIWYG editor when a user resizes the WYSIWYG editor pane in order to remember how large the user would like their WYSIWYG editor pane in future. It expires as soon as you close your browser. This cookie will not be set for regular users of the RCVS sites.
For more information and advice about cookies on this site or in general, please contact the Webmaster.
The information on this page was last updated on Thursday, 26 July 2018.
share
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Google+
Share on WhatsApp
Share by e-mail
print
Print
You might also like