http://www.cosmeticgyn.net/privacy
Get "My Body is Mine Again:" A Free Vaginal Rejuvenation E-Book
Call us at
210-615-6646
HomeDr. HailparnProceduresVaginal RejuvenationThermiVA™LabiaplastyO ShotHymenoplastyOther ProceduresPayment InfoEventsContact
Call us at
210-615-6646
Book a Consult
Book a Consult
Name(*)
Email(*)
Please let us know your email address.
Phone(*)
Invalid Input
Best time
to call(*)
Invalid Input
Procedure(s)
Vaginal RejuvenationThermiVALabiaplastyHymenoplastyLabia Majora ReductionLipo of the Mons PubisPerineoplastyPrepuce ReductionThe O-ShotUnsureInvalid Input
Send
Book a Consult
Name(*)
Email(*)
Please let us know your email address.
Phone(*)
Invalid Input
Best time
to call(*)
Invalid Input
Procedure(s)
Vaginal RejuvenationThermiVALabiaplastyHymenoplastyLabia Majora ReductionLipo of the Mons PubisPerineoplastyPrepuce ReductionThe O-ShotUnsure Invalid Input
Send
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by the Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio (CGC). CGC may share information among its subsidiaries or sites that it owns or controls, but is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The CGC Web sites may contain links to other sites. Once you enter another Web site (whether through an advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that CGC is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy statements of each and every Web site that you visit through a link or advertisement on CGC Web sites.
It is the goal of the Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio and cosmeticgyn.net to respect your online privacy. We hope that reading our Privacy Policy helps you understand how we manage information about you.
(In general, we use tracking technology only to gather information about the number of visitors to our Web site and to assist in tailoring our Web site to our visitors' needs. We only collect information like names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our online visitors. Please be assured that information is not sold or transferred to third parties; it is used exclusively by the Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio and cosmeticgyn.net.)
While you may use all of the functionality of cosmeticgyn.net without registration, receiving our email newsletter does require registration. When you use our Web site without registering, the only information we collect will be Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons. If you choose to register for our email newsletter or submit a contact form, we require you to submit Personally Identifiable Information. When you submit a contact form, we may also collect Personal Health Information. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information and Personal Health Information you submit to CGC. Inaccurate information will affect the information you receive when using our site and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy. For example, your email address should be kept current because that it is how we communicate with you.
Non-Personal Information We Collect About You
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site through the use of Cookies. Every computer that accesses a CGC Web site is assigned a different Cookie by CGC. The information collected by Cookies (i) helps us dynamically generate content on Web pages or in newsletters, (ii) allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Web site, (iii) how many people open our emails, and (iv) for what purposes these actions are being taken. We may use Cookie information to deliver certain information or advertisements to your browser on our owned or operated Web sites based on areas of the Site that you have visited during the same session or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. We also use cookies in order to enable us to conduct survey's for our own use. These cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions.
Most browser software can be set to reject all Cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our Web site may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use our site. Additionally CGC may geographically target advertising based on your IP address.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect About You
We collect Personally Identifiable Information, like your name, email address, date of birth, and zip code, you provide to us when you use our contact form and register for our newsletter. We use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific services you select, send you emails about Web site maintenance and updates, and inform you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy.
A. Newsletters & Emails to You
When you register for our newsletter and at various times as you use CGC, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational/promotional newsletters via email from CGC and/or directly from third parties. These emails will not contain Personal Health Information. In order to subscribe to CGC newsletters via email, we need your contact information, like name and email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletters by simply following the directions included at the bottom of each email newsletter you receive from CGC.
If you have difficulties with our unsubscribe or subscribe service, please Contact Us and let us know about your problem. VRCGC Customer Care will manually unsubscribe you from that newsletter in two to three business days.
B. Emails You Send to CGC
This Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to CGC by email. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to CGC. We try to answer every email within 48 business hours, but are not always able to do so.
C. Email a Friend
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about our site or newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address and your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the "from" email address. CGC does not use your name, your email address or your friend's email information for any other purpose. We will only use the information you provide to send the email you request.
D. Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Neither CGC nor any of its services are designed or intended to attract children under the age of 16. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 16. A parent or guardian, however, may contact CGC on behalf of a minor. The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing information and/or supervision of the minor's use of CGC website. The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the information submitted is accurate. The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through CGC for the minor.
Disclosure of Your Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, CGC will not disclose any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information it gathers from you on our website. We may only release Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below.
A. Disclosure to CGC Operations and Maintenance Contractors
CGC operations and maintenance contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to CGC. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our Web site. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for CGC. We also contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors 1) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and 2) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products and services as required by law.
Updating Your Information and Contacting CGC
If you have a complaint or problem, please use our Customer Support Form (Email Us.) Our customer service department will forward your complaint to the appropriate internal CGC department for a response or resolution. We try to answer every email within 48 business hours, but may not always be able to do so. If you want to (1) delete your Personally Identifiable Information from our systems, (2) update the Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to us, or (3) change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts or other activities, please let us know by using our Email Us form.
If you do not receive adequate resolution of a privacy related problem, you may write to VRCGC at:
Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio 525 Oak Centre Drive, Ste. 200 San Antonio, Texas 78258 or call our office: (210) 615-6646
We will notify you within 30 days of receipt of your letter to confirm your personal identifiers have been removed.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Personally Identifiable Information - We will inform you if a material change is made to the Privacy Policy, which means a change that expands the permissible uses or disclosures of Personally Identifiable Information allowed by the prior version of the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the CGC Web site will indicate acceptance of the changes. You may of course choose to Opt-out of continuing to use the CGC Web site. Please exit the site immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy.
Personal Health Information - We will inform you if a material change in the Privacy Policy is made that involves the use of your Personal Health Information, and your express Opt-in authorization will be requested. If you choose to not accept the new privacy policy, then the current privacy policy conditions will remain in effect, so long as this Web site is functionality available. CGC reserves the right to discontinue or limit functionality in all its products including the CGC newsletter and Web site.
Non-Significant Changes - CGC may make non-significant changes to the Privacy Policy that do not affect Personally Identifiable Information or Personal Health Information. For these instances, CGC may not notify you of such non-significant changes.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places appropriate throughout our site so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, and by means of a notice on our home page.
Schedule your Consultation
Feel free to call us at 210-615-6646 or if you prefer use our Contact Form
Get your Free Vaginal Rejuvenation E-book
HomeDr. HailparnProceduresVaginal RejuvenationThermiVA™LabiaplastyO ShotHymenoplastyOther ProceduresPayment InfoEventsContact
×
Hello,
I wanted to reach out and update you on how we’re approaching the coronavirus pandemic at the Cosmetic Gynecology Center of San Antonio.
First and foremost, our hearts go out to anyone who's been impacted by the virus, either directly or indirectly. Our thoughts are especially with those who are sick, to whom we extend our heartfelt wishes for a full recovery.
As for our office, we are open and we are taking all reasonable precautions to protect our patients. We do have patients coming in for consults, along with in-office treatments and surgeries. We are scheduling one patient at a time in the office for everyone’s protection.
In addition, during these challenging times, if you do not want to come to the office for a consult, I will do a free 15-minute telephone consult with you. I will address your concerns, provide possible treatment solutions and answer your questions. Please email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with your name and phone number. Put “Phone Consult” in the subject line. We’ll promptly get back to you to schedule that.
As we go forward, we’ll be sure to keep you updated and know that we always put your health first.
Sincerely,
Dr. Troy Robbin Hailparn