http://www.bsacsurv.org/privacy/
Accessibility and Privacy Policy
1. How we use your information
This privacy policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which we collect personal data from our website. We need to provide this information to make sure you know how we process any information collected by us and is in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the General Data Protection Regulation 2017 (GDPR) and ICO (Information Commissioners Office) guidance.
The information we collect applies to:
Visitors to our website
Information provided through filling in forms on www.bsacsurv.org (our site)
2. Visitors to our website
When a user visits www.bsacsurv.org we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to different parts of our website and this tells us the information that is useful. We do not collect any information that identifies an individual. Some tools we use allow us to find out the company information of who owns the IP address that visits our page. This allows us to better tailor our service to customers. We do not collect personal information through our website.
Should you choose to add a comment to any posts that we have published on our blog, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to this website’s database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third party data processors detailed below.
3. The cookies used by BSAC
Cookies are small electronic files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. They are often needed to ensure that the website works efficiently.
4. Other Gif and Web Tools
As well as cookies we may use other tools on our website. These are used in addition to the cookies above which allow us to collect information about you and your browsing use within our website. This information is used to allow us to have a better understanding of the services and information on our website which are of use to our visitors.
5. You can opt out of Cookies
You can refuse the use of cookies on this website by refusing to opt into their use by the cookie settings at the bottom of our privacy statement.
Alternatively you can refuse the use of cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. You can also delete cookies by clearing your browsing history (this will depend on your browser).
Websites which are linked to us may also be using cookies. If you have any concerns you should contact the third party website for more information.
Helpful Links
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics on all websites http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
6. People who request information on our services
BSAC hold the details of the visitors who request information on our services and products. These details may be used to contact these people at a later date.
Any information or statistics relating to our business that we disclose to others shall not identify any visitors personally. We may, for example, perform statistical analyses of the behaviour of the users of our website in order to measure interest in the various areas of our website.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If BSAC or its assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by it about its customers, will be one of the transferred assets.
We will use this information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of BSAC, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We will not pass on or sell your personal information to a third party.
7. Where we store your information
The data that we collect and process is stored on our dedicated servers held within the UK.
Unfortunately the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will do our very best to protect your personal data, however we cannot ensure the security of your data transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk.
8. Your right to access personal information
You have the right, on request, to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. You have the right on request:
to be told for what purpose the personal information that we hold about you is being processed
to be told how long we intend to keep the personal information that we hold about you
to rectify the personal information that we hold about you
to have the personal information that we hold about you transferred, in an electronic format, to you for sending to another data controller (data portability)
to restrict the processing of the personal information that we hold about you
to have all of the personal information that we hold about you removed from our database and any of our third parties informed of the removal request (right to be forgotten)
to be given a description of the personal information that we hold about you and the recipients to whom it may be disclosed
to have communicated in an intelligible form the personal information that we hold about you and any information available as to the source of the data
9. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
The Data Controller of this website is: Tracey Guise, Chief Executive Officer of BSAC, Griffin House, 53 Regent Place, Birmingham, B1 3NJ. Email: tguise@bsac.org.uk
The Data Protection Officer is Tracey Guise, Chief Executive Officer of BSAC. Email: tguise@bsac.org.uk
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy
In the future, we may need to alter or amend this Privacy Policy. All changes will be posted on this page on this website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 3rd April 2018.
Please choose from below the level of cookies that you request.
All Cookies
Current Sponsors
Central Laboratory
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'All Cookies' so that you have the best online experience possible from our site. If you wish to opt out click on the 'More Info' link.
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'All Cookies' so that you have the best online experience possible from our site.
Accept & Close
More info