http://www.dimagi.com/terms/latest/ba/
Browse
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Business Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Business Agreement
Posted: May 7, 2018
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
You can see our previous terms
here.
This Agreement is applicable to you if you represent a business entity
or other organization agreeing to these terms ("Customer").
This Dimagi Business Agreement (the "Agreement") is
between Dimagi, Inc. and its affiliate entities, Dimagi Software
Innovations Pvt. Ltd., Dimagi South Africa (PTY) LTD, Dimagi West
Africa, SAS, Dimagi Tanzania Limited ("Dimagi",
"we", "us", or "our")
and the business entity or other organization agreeing to these terms
("Customer"). This Agreement governs Customer's use
and access to Dimagi's services, client software and websites
("Services").
If Customer is using Dimagi’s Services on behalf of a third party,
Customer hereby agrees to these terms on such third party’s behalf,
and Customer hereby confirms that Customer has authority to bind such
third party by such agreement.
IF CUSTOMER DOES NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND TO THESE TERMS AND THE OTHER
POLICIES, AGREEMENTS AND DOCUMENTS REFERENCED HEREIN, CUSTOMER SHOULD
NOT USE USE OUR SERVICES.
Services
Provision: This Agreement governs access to, and use of,
the Services and Software. Customer and End Users may access and
use the Services in accordance with this Agreement.
Security Measures: Dimagi will use, at a minimum, industry
standard technical and organizational security measures to
Process Customer Data. These measures are designed to protect the
integrity of Customer Data and guard against the unauthorized or
unlawful access to or use of Customer Data. Refer to our Privacy
Policy for more details.
Data Processing and Transfer:
Data Processing: Except as specifically permitted in
this Agreement and Dimagi’s Privacy Policy, Dimagi and its
Sub-processors will only Process Customer Data to provide the
Services and to fulfill Dimagi's obligations under the
Agreement. Sub-processors' Processing activities will be
restricted to Processing Customer Data on Dimagi's behalf and
in accordance with Dimagi's instructions. Customer agrees
that Dimagi and its Sub-processors may Process Customer Data
in locations other than Customer's country.
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Programs: Dimagi
is certified and complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Programs. If the Privacy Shield Programs are
invalidated, Dimagi will use commercially reasonable efforts
to comply with the resulting alternate or successor data
transfer mechanisms.
Modifications: Dimagi may update the Services from time to
time. If Dimagi changes the Services in a manner that materially
reduces their functionality, Dimagi will notify Customer at the
email address associated with the account, and Customer may
terminate the Subscription Term then in effect by providing
notice to Dimagi within thirty days of the change. This
termination right will not apply to updates made to any Beta
Services.
Software:
Generally: The Services allow Customer and End Users
to download Software that may update automatically. If any
component of the Software is offered under an open source
license, Dimagi will make the license available to Customer
and, to the extent the provisions of that license grant
Customer additional rights, those provisions will expressly
override some terms of this Agreement with respect to that
component of the Software.
License: Dimagi hereby grants to Customer during the
Term a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, revocable license to use the Software
solely in connection with the Services and in accordance with
this Agreement. To the extent any component of the Software
may be offered under an open source license, we'll make that
license available to Customer.
The Exchange: The Exchange is Dimagi’s digital
distribution platform for users to publish and download mobile or
other applications created by Dimagi or third parties. Through
the use of our Services, Customer may access and download
applications that have been published on the Exchange. Such
applications are subject to separate license and end user
agreements, the terms of which are separate and distinct from
this Agreement. Customer should review any applicable terms or
agreements prior to use of any such applications. Customer
acknowledges and agrees that Dimagi is not responsible for, and
assumes no liability resulting from, Customer’s use (or misuse)
of any third party applications accessed via the Exchange or
which otherwise are not directly provided by Dimagi as part of
the Services.
Customer Obligations
Customer Administration of the Services: Customer
may specify End Users as Administrators. Customer is responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords and Admin
Accounts, and managing access to Admin Accounts. Dimagi’s
responsibilities do not extend to the internal management or
administration of the Services for Customer.
Unauthorized Use or Access: Customer will prevent
unauthorized use of the Services by its End Users. In the event
of any unauthorized use of or access to the Services,
Customer will terminate such unauthorized use or access and
promptly notify Dimagi. Customer represents that Customer and
Delegates comply with the requirements of digital consent as per
applicable law, as specified in the Privacy Policy. If Customer
and Delegates do not meet these requirements, Customer may not
use the Services.
Restrictions: Customer will not: (a) use the Services or Software
for activities where use or failure of the Services or Software
could lead to physical damage, death, or personal injury; (b)
reverse engineer, decode or decompile the Services or Software,
or attempt or assist anyone else to do so; or (c) use the Services
or Software, including the export or re-export of Customer Data,
in violation of Export Control Laws.
Compliance: Customer and its End Users must use the
Services in compliance with the
Acceptable Use Policy. Customer is
responsible for use of the Services by its End Users. Customer
will comply with laws and regulations applicable to Customer's
use of the Services, if any. Customer will obtain and maintain
from End Users any consents necessary to allow Administrators to
engage in the activities described in this Agreement and to allow
Dimagi to provide the Services. Customer will not store, transmit
or otherwise process any information via the Services that falls
within the definition of "Protected Health Information" under the
HIPAA Privacy Rule (45 C.F.R. Section 164.051), unless Customer
and Dimagi separately enter into a HIPAA Business Associate
Agreement applicable to a specific Subscription Plan as outlined
on Dimagi’s Pricing Page.
Customer will not store, transmit or otherwise process personal
data of EU subjects as defined by the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) unless Customer and Dimagi separately enter
into a Data Processing Addendum (DPA).
Third-Party Apps and Integrations: If Customer uses any
third-party service or applications, such as a service that uses
Dimagi’s APIs, with the Services: (a) Dimagi will not be
responsible for any act or omission of the third-party, including
the third-party's access to or use of Customer Data; and (b)
Dimagi does not warrant or support any service provided by such
third-party.
Third-Party Requests:
Customer Responsibility: Customer is responsible for
responding to Third-Party Requests via its own access to
information. Customer will seek to obtain information
required to respond to Third-Party Requests and will contact
Dimagi only if it cannot obtain such information despite
diligent efforts.
Dimagi’s Responsibility: Dimagi will make
commercially reasonable efforts, to the extent allowed by
law and by the terms of the Third-Party Request, to: (i)
promptly notify Customer of Dimagi's receipt of a Third-Party
Request; (ii) comply with Customer's commercially reasonable
requests regarding its efforts to oppose a Third-Party
Request; and (iii) provide Customer with information or tools
required for Customer to respond to the Third-Party Request,
if Customer is otherwise unable to obtain the information. If
Customer fails to promptly respond to any Third-Party Request,
then Dimagi may, but will not be obligated to, do so.
Billing
Subscription Plan: Dimagi Services come in several Subscription
plans (“Plans”). The cost and details of these Plans can be found
on Dimagi’s Pricing Page.
Subscription Term: Customer must access the Services on a
periodic subscription basis (“Subscription Term”).
Recurring Billing: By starting a Subscription Term,
Customer authorizes Dimagi to charge a periodic plan fee at the
then-current rate, and any other charges Customer incurs in
connection with its use of the Services.
Price Changes: Dimagi reserves the right to adjust pricing
for Plans or any components thereof in any manner and at any time
as Dimagi may determine in its sole discretion. Except as
otherwise expressly provided for in this agreement, any price
changes to Customer's Plans will take effect following an e-mail
or in-product notice to Customer.
For Monthly Billing:
Billing Cycle: The periodic plan fee for Dimagi's
Services will be billed each calendar month unless and
until the Customer cancel the Plan. Dimagi reserves the
right to change the timing of our billing, in particular,
if Customer's payment has not successfully settled, or
to enforce a minimum subscription length.
Cancellation: Customer may cancel its Plan by pausing
the subscription. Upon pausing the subscription, Customer
will lose access to Customer’s project space at the end of
the current subscription period, including access to apps
and data.
Customer is responsible for paying Dimagi up
through the end of the period for which Dimagi has provided
its product and/or services.
For Annual Billing:
Refund, Downgrade, and Cancellation Policy: Refund,
Downgrade and Cancelation policy: If Customer cancels or
downgrades within 90 days, starting from the start
date of Customer’s Subscription Term, Customer will be
charged on a prorated basis for the service provided, and
rest will be fully refunded. After 90 days, the advance
payment is non-refundable and the service will continue until
the end of the Subscription Term. To be fair to everyone,
there will be no exceptions.
Partial Billing: Dimagi may provide billing over partial
periods of the Subscription Term at its discretion. At any time,
and for any reason, Dimagi may provide a refund, discount, or
other consideration to some or all of our customers in our sole
discretion ("credits").
Taxes and other Payment Levies and Fees: Taxes and foreign
currency exchange fees levied by any financial institution in
connection with payments for Services are in addition to any
subscription fees payable to Dimagi pursuant to a Plan. Customer
agrees to pay all taxes and foreign exchange fees associated with
Customer’s subscription for any Services hereunder or otherwise
provide Dimagi with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized
by the appropriate taxing authority.
Suspension
Of End User Accounts: If an End User: (a) violates this
Agreement, the Terms of Service, the
Acceptable Use Policy, or the
Privacy Policy; or (b) uses the
Services in a manner that Dimagi reasonably believes will cause
it liability, then Dimagi may request that Customer suspend or
terminate the applicable End User account. If Customer fails to
promptly suspend or terminate the End User account, then Dimagi
may do so on its own behalf.
Security Emergencies: Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement, if there is a Security Emergency then Dimagi may
automatically suspend use of the Services by Customer. Dimagi will
make commercially reasonable efforts to narrowly tailor the
suspension as needed to minimize the disruption to the Services
associated with such Security Emergency.
Termination
Customer is free to stop using our Services at any time. We
reserve the right to suspend or terminate Customer’s access to
he Services with notice to Customer if: (a) Customer violates
these Terms or any other agreement between Customer and Dimagi
(including the Acceptable Use Policy), as determined by Dimagi
in its sole discretion, (b) Customer uses the Services in a
manner that could cause risk of harm or loss to us or other
Dimagi customers or users.
If Customer is engaged in any activities described above, we may
be able to provide Customer with advance notice via the email
address associated with Customer’s account to remedy the
activity that prompted us to contact Customer and give
Customer the opportunity to export Customer’s Data from our
Services, but we cannot guarantee that we will provide such
advance notice, as we may need to terminate Customer’s access
to the Services immediately under certain circumstances
(including those described below). If we are able to provide
Customer with such advance notice and after delivery of such
notice Customer fails to cease participating in such activities,
we may terminate or suspend Customer’s access to the Services
indefinitely. For example, we won't provide Customer with
advance notice prior to termination or suspension of Customer’s
access to the Services where: (a) Customer is in material
breach of these Terms or any other agreement between Customer
and Dimagi (except as required by any such other agreement),
(b) doing so could result in legal liability or compromise our
ability to provide the Services to other users, or (c) we a're
prohibited from doing so by law.
Upon termination for any reason, Customer agrees to destroy all
copies of the Software in Customer’s possession. Upon
termination for any reason, we will use commercially reasonable
efforts to make Customer’s Data available to Customer for
export for at least a two-week period following such
termination. Upon Customer’s request, we will delete all data
collected through Customer’s application from all servers
within 30 days of receiving notice.
Intellectual Property Rights
Reservation of Rights: Except as expressly set forth herein
or in the Privacy Policy, this Agreement does not grant: (a)
Dimagi any Intellectual Property Rights in Customer Data; or (b)
Customer any Intellectual Property Rights in the Services or
Dimagi trademarks and brand features.
Feedback; Suggestions: Dimagi may use, modify, and
incorporate into its products and services, any feedback,
comments, or suggestions on the Services that Customer or End
Users may send Dimagi or post in Dimagi’s forums without
restriction, and without any obligation to Customer or any of its
End Users.
Indemnification
Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dimagi from
and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including
settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of
any claim by a third party against Dimagi or any of its
Affiliates regarding: (a) Customer Data; (b) Customer's or End
Users' use of the Services.
Disclaimers
Generally:
THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS".
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED
IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER DIMAGI NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES,
SUPPLIERS, OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR USING THE SERVICES AND THE SOFTWARE IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN (INCLUDING THE PRIVACY
POLICY, THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY, AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTATION
PUBLISHED OR PROVIDED BY DIMAGI TO CUSTOMER FROM TIME TO TIME) AND
FOR BACKING UP IN A SECURE LOCATION ANY CUSTOMER DATA THAT HAS
BEEN UPLOADED TO OR OTHERWISE GENERATED, STORED OR PROCESSED VIA
THE SERVICES.
Beta Services: Despite anything to the contrary in this
Agreement: (a) Customer may choose to use Beta Services in its
sole discretion; (b) Beta Services may not be supported by Dimagi
and may be changed at any time without notice; (c) Beta Services
may not be as reliable or available as the Services; (d) Beta
Services have not been subjected to the same security measures
and auditing to which the Services have been subjected; and (e)
DIMAGI WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH CUSTOMER’S USE OF BETA SERVICES – ANY SUCH USE WILL BE AT
CUSTOMER’S OWN RISK.
No Medical Advice: Neither Dimagi nor any of its Affiliates
or Sub-processors is responsible for the provision of medical
advice or other health care services to Customer or its End Users,
and Customer understands that Dimagi’s employees and Affiliates
are not licensed medical professionals. Customer acknowledges and
agrees that the information generated and/or made accessible via
the Services is for informational purposes only. The Services
should not be used as a substitute for medical advice or treatment
provided by a licensed professional. Dimagi is not responsible
for, and assumes no liability resulting from, any use of the
Services contrary to this provision.
Limitation of Liability
Limitation on Indirect Liability: TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT FOR DIMAGI OR CUSTOMER'S INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR DIMAGI AND ITS AFFILIATES,
SUPPLIERS, AND DISTRIBUTORS WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
FOR (I) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR (II) LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS,
REVENUES, OR PROFITS (IN EACH CASE WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT),
EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT SUCH DAMAGES
WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Limitation on Amount of Liability: TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, DIMAGI’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO DIMAGI
HEREUNDER DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING
RISE TO LIABILITY.
Disputes
For Customers Based in the United States of America: Any
dispute arising in connection with these Terms which cannot be
amicably settled between Dimagi and Customer through Alternative
Dispute Resolution (ADR) procedures, if any, shall be arbitrated
under the Rules of Commercial Arbitration of the American
Arbitration Association by binding arbitration located in The
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any resulting arbitral decision
shall be final and binding on both parties. In resolving a
dispute hereunder, the parties agree that this Agreement will be
interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of The
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
For Customers Based Outside of the United States of America:
Any dispute arising in connection with these Terms which cannot
be amicably settled between Dimagi and Customer through
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) procedures, if any, shall be
arbitrated in accordance with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules. The
arbitration shall take place in New York. Any resulting arbitral
decision shall be final and binding on both parties. In resolving
a dispute hereunder, the parties agree that this Agreement will
be interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of New
York.
NO CLASS ACTIONS: Customer may only resolve disputes with
Dimagi on an individual basis and will not bring a claim in a
class, consolidated or representative action. Class arbitrations,
class actions, private attorney general actions and consolidation
with other arbitrations are not allowed.
Miscellaneous
Terms Modification. Dimagi may revise this Agreement from
time to time and the most current version will always be posted
on Dimagi’s website. If a revision, in Dimagi's sole discretion,
is material, Dimagi will notify Customer (by, for example,
sending an email to the email address associated with the
applicable account). Customer is responsible for checking these
postings regularly. By continuing to access or use the Services
after revisions become effective, Customer agrees to be bound by
the revised Agreement. If Customer does not agree to the revised
Agreement terms, Customer should terminate the Services.
Entire Agreement: These Terms, together with the
Privacy Policy,
the Business Agreement,
the Acceptable Use Policy, and the other
documents and materials
referenced herein, supersedes any prior agreements
or understandings between the Parties, and constitutes the entire
Agreement between the Parties related to this subject matter.
Governing Law: THE AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS
OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXCEPT FOR ITS CONFLICTS OF
LAWS PRINCIPLES.
Notice: Notices must be sent via email and are deemed given when
received. Notices to Customer may also be sent to the applicable
account email address and are deemed given when sent. Notices to
Dimagi must be sent to [email protected]
Waiver: A waiver of any default is not a waiver of any
subsequent default.
Assignment: Customer may not assign or transfer this
Agreement or any rights or obligations under this Agreement
without the written consent of Dimagi. Dimagi may not assign this
Agreement without providing notice to Customer, except Dimagi may
assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under
this Agreement to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger,
acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or
substantially all of its assets without providing prior notice to
Customer. Any other attempt to transfer or assign is void.
No Agency. Dimagi and Customer are not legal partners or
agents, but are independent contractors.
Force Majeure: Except for payment obligations, neither
Dimagi nor Customer will be liable for inadequate performance to
the extent caused by a condition that was beyond the Party's
reasonable control (for example, natural disaster, act of war or
terrorism, riot, labor condition, governmental action, and
Internet disturbance).
No Third-Party Beneficiaries: There are no third-party
beneficiaries to this Agreement. Without limiting this section, a
Customer's End Users are not third-party beneficiaries to
Customer's rights under this Agreement.
Definitions
"Acceptable Use Policy" means the Dimagi’s acceptable use
policy set forth here.
"Account Data" means the account and contact information
submitted to the Services by Customer or End Users.
"Administrator" means the Customer-designated End User who
administers the Services to End Users on Customer's behalf.
Administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict or remove
Customer Data in or from End User Accounts. Administrators may
also have the ability to monitor, restrict, or terminate access
to End User Accounts.
"Admin Account" means the administrative account provided
to Customer by Dimagi for the purpose of administering the
Services.
"Admin Console" means the online tool provided by Dimagi
to Customer for use in administering the Services.
"Affiliate" means any entity that controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with a Party, where "control" means
the ability to direct the management and policies of an entity.
"Beta Services" means services or features provided by
Dimagi from time to time that are identified as “alpha,” “beta,”
“preview,” “early access,” or “evaluation,” or words or phrases
with similar meanings.
"Customer Data" means Stored Data, Account Data, and
messages, comments, structured data, photos, and other content
submitted to or otherwise generated via the Services by Customer
or End Users.
"Effective Date" means the date this Agreement is accepted
by Customer.
"End Users" means users of Customer's Services account.
End Users may include Customer's and its Affiliate's employees
and consultants, and both web and mobile users of the Services.
"End User Account" means a Dimagi hosted account
established by Customer through the Services for an End User.
"EU-US Privacy Shield Program" means the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Program framework and its principles as set forth by the US
Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the
collection, use, and retention of personal data from EU member
states.
"Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and
re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export
Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained by
the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions
maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets
Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
("ITAR") maintained by the Department of State.
"Fees" means the amounts invoiced to Customer by Dimagi for
Services.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means current and future
worldwide rights under patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark,
moral rights, and other similar rights.
“Process” means store, retrieve, transmit, analyze, and
any other action reasonably necessary or desirable to be taken
in connection with the provision of the Services to Customer.
"Security Emergency" means: (i) use of the Services that
do or could disrupt the Services, other customers' use of the
Services, or the infrastructure used to provide the Services;
or (ii) unauthorized third-party access to the Services.
"Services" means the services provided by Dimagi to
Customer.
"Software" means the client software provided by Dimagi to
Customer as part of the Services.
"Stored Data" means the files uploaded to or otherwise
maintained via the Services using the Software by Customer or
End Users.
"Sub-processor" means an entity who agrees to Process
Stored Data on Dimagi's behalf, or on behalf of another Dimagi
Sub-processor, in order to provide the Services.
"Taxes" means any sales, use, value added, goods and
services, consumption, excise, local stamp, or other tax,
(including but not limited to ISS, CIDE, PIS, CONFINS), duty or
other charge of any kind or nature excluding tax that is based on
Dimagi's net income, associated with the Services or Software,
including any related penalties or interest.
“Terms of Service” means the Dimagi Terms of Service,
available here.
"Third-Party Request" means a request from a third-party
for records relating to an End User's use of the Services
including information in or from an End User Account, or from
Customer's Services account. Third-Party Requests may include
valid search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, or any other
request for which there is written consent from End Users, or an
End User's authorized representative, permitting a disclosure.
"Withholding Taxes" mean any Taxes Customer is required by
law to withhold, which are then imposed on Dimagi.
Contact Us
Request a CommCare Demo
Select a time to see CommCare in action and review
questions with our team.