https://www.ipsen.com/uk/privacy-policy/
Go to Global Ipsen site
Ipsen UK
Choose Your Location:
Australia
Belgium (FR)
Belgium (NL)
Brazil
Canada
China
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Greece
Italy
Netherlands
Nordics
Poland
Russia
Singapore
Slovakia
South Korea
Spain
UK
Ukraine
USA
Global
Contact us
About us
Therapeutic areas
Our medicines
Responsible practice
Media
Search
Privacy policy
Ipsen takes protecting personal data seriously. We are committed to ensuring that we comply with data protection legislation across all our activities. This includes having robust technical and organisational measures in place to take care of personal data. We are committed to ensuring that we provide clear information to individuals about how we use their data, in Privacy Notices. We will only process personal data and special category personal data when we have a lawful basis and relevant conditions or processing to do so. We will also ensure that we restrict the use of personal data to the specified purposes and minimise data processing to only that which is required. We will keep personal data accurate and up to date and we will limit how long we keep personal data in line with our retention policy.
We process personal data in a range of different activities and so we have provided Privacy Notices for the core activities below.
• Privacy Notice for website users
• Privacy Notice for visitors to Ipsen sites
• Privacy Notice for dealing with Adverse Events, Medical Information Queries or Complaints
• Privacy Notice for working with healthcare professionals
• Privacy Notice for suppliers, customers and service providers
• Privacy Notice for job applicants
In addition to the above Privacy Notices, we will also provide Privacy Notices for specific activities where appropriate.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Notices or approach to data privacy, or wish to exercise your rights, please contact dataprivacy@ipsen.com
Audience: General public
ALL-UK-001047
Date of preparation: March 2020
About us
Therapeutic areas
Our medicines
Responsible practice
Media
Terms of use
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Adverse events
© Ipsen Group 2019
You are now leaving the Ipsen UK section. To continue, please click on « Continue »
ContinueCancel
We use cookies to offer you a better experience on our site and analyse its audience. By continuing browsing, you accept the use.Ok