http://www.drverne.com/privacy-policy/
(207) 775-1933
Menu
(207) 775-1933
Privacy Policy
Plastic Surgery Center Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://www.drverne.com/, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Plastic Surgery Center's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Plastic Surgery Center's website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Plastic Surgery Center at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Plastic Surgery Center's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Plastic Surgery Center makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Plastic Surgery Center does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Plastic Surgery Center or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Plastic Surgery Center's website, even if Plastic Surgery Center or a Plastic Surgery Center authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Plastic Surgery Center website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Plastic Surgery Center does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Plastic Surgery Center may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Plastic Surgery Center does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Plastic Surgery Center has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Plastic Surgery Center of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7. Modifications
Plastic Surgery Center may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of ME and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Find natural beauty in Maine
Contact
This field is required.
Send
(207) 775-1933
1685 Congress St. Ste 301 Portland, ME 04102
Overall 4.7 Stars 195 Reviews
* Dr. Verne Weisberg is an active member of the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Inc. Dr. Jarrod Daniel is not an active member of the society.
© Maine Plastic Surgery. All rights reserved. Web Design & Online Marketing Maine by Studio III
Digital Strategy by SEOversite
Privacy Policy
Contact Us Today
Home
About
Overview
Meet Dr. Weisberg
Meet Dr. Daniel
Our Facility
Our Staff
The Consultation
Testimonials
Reviews
Media
Blog
Articles
Videos
Face
Overview
Rhinoplasty
Facelift
Neck Lift
Brow Lift
Eyelid Lift
Chin Implant
Ear Surgery
Breast
Overview
Breast Augmentation
Breast Implant Options
Breast Lift
Breast Reduction
Gynecomastia
Breast Revision
Body
Overview
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Brazilian Butt Lift
Thigh Lift
Arm Lift
Body Lift
Buttock Lift
Labiaplasty
Men
Overview
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Facelift
Rhinoplasty
Eyelid Lift
Gynecomastia
Hair Restoration/NeoGraft
Hair Loss Treatment with PRP
Non-Surgical
Overview
Spa
BOTOX Cosmetic
Dysport
Facial Fillers
Kybella
ThermiTight Skin Tightening
ThermiVa - Vaginal Rejuvenation
V-Shot
ZO Skin Health
Latisse
SkinMedica
Microneedling with PRP
Hair Loss Treatment with PRP
Dermaplaning
Diamond Glow
Gallery
Resources
Overview
FAQ
Patient Forms
Services
Financing
Specials
HAND Gala 2020
COVID Protocol
Virtual Consultation
Contact
Overview
Location
(207) 775-1933