http://www.healthpromotionjournal.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We at the Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our Websites (www.artsciencehpi.com, www.healthpromotionconference.com) including our associated mobile applications owned and controlled by Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute. This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Websites or the mobile applications.
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification, or if you subscribe to the email notification service.
While we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at contact@artsciencehpi.com or by mail to Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute, PO Box 1254, Troy MI 48099
Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information for the following:
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites and to improve the email notification service;
send information or Institute and Conference content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business;
promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences;
provide other companies with statistical information about our users — but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
send information to you regarding changes to our Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements
We use the information collected through our email notification by our customers for the following purposes:
to provide the email notification service (which may include the detection, prevention and resolution of security and technical issues);
to respond to customer support requests
Legal basis for processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only when we have your consent to do so, when we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Websites and the email notification service. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about the Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Use of Credit Card Information
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
Retention of Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about the email notification service or our other services.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your email notification account. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
How we Share Information we Collect
Service Providers
We employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Websites, our customers, and users of the Subscription Service and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistcal analysis, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service or support. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.
Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Cookies
Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute uses cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
You have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.)
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at contact@artsciencehpi.com or by mail to Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute, PO Box 1254, Troy MI 48099-1254 USA. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at contact@artsciencehpi.com or postal mail to Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute, PO Box 1254, Troy MI 48099-1254.
Contact
Art & Science of Health Promotion Institute
PO Box 1254
Troy, MI 48099-1254
Please fill out the form below to access the video.Name*
First
Last
Email*
Organization*Address*
City
State / Province / Region
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
X
Thank You For Your Interest
Please complete the information below to purchase your Kindle copy. Name*
First
Last
Email*
Organization*City*State or Province*Country*Pay It Forward Plans (optional)In support of our Sharing Philosophy, we ask that those choosing the discounted Kindle option, Pay It Forward by helping someone else with an unexpected kindness. Share your plans with us.CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
x
Thank You For Your Interest
Please complete the information below to purchase. Full Name**RequiredEmail*
Oranization*City*State or Province*Country*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
X
Thank You For Your Interest
Please complete the information below to access your free PDF download.Name*
First
Last
Email*
*Organization*City*State or Province*Country*Pay It Forward Plans (optional)In support of our Sharing Philosophy, we ask that those choosing the PDF for free Pay It Forward by helping someone else with an unexpected kindness. Share your plans with us.CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
X