http://www.hypnosiscenter.com/privacy-policy.html
Main Menu
Home
Hypnosis Courses
Sessions
Training Materials
About Us
Free Resources
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Online Security
All online purchases are conducted via an encrypted secure server to ensure that your personal information is kept personal. Personal information regarding any online transactions are only handled by Banyan Hypnosis Center staff.
Client Confidentially is Required By Law
Client confidentiality is required by Texas State Law, and the Banyan Hypnosis Center keeps to the highest standards in this regard. Client records are only handled by our staff, which are all required to sign a confidentiality agreement. Your personal information may not be released to any outside agency or individual, unless you have given written permission.
However, there are certain limits to confidentiality, and as a result the Banyan Hypnosis Center may be required to release information to appropriate governmental authorities under certain circumstances, including a legal require for lease of information because of a subpoena or legal investigation, or when we receive information that suggests possible harm to others.
Personal Information Collected Online
The Banyan Hypnosis Center web site, www.HypnosisCenter.com may from time to time offer the ability for its visitors to sign up on a mailing list, or join discussion groups. We do not share this information with any other individual, company or agency.
Automated Computer Tracking Such as Cookies
Our web site is not set up to use cookies. We only use our site logs to gather data that indicates traffic coming to our site. This information is gathered in order to determine where our visitors are coming from so that we may better serve our visitors and promote the site.
A cookie is a record that your computer keeps on your browser. Because our site does not use cookies to identify you, you may use our web site with your browser set to reject cookies.
Menu
Home Page
Hypnosis Sessions
7th Path Self-Hypnosis®
Books, CDs & DVDs »
Hypnosis Training DVDs
Hypnosis Training CDs
Hypnosis Books
7th Path Self-Hypnosis® CDs
Self-Hypnosis CDs
Free Samples
About Us»
Our Hypnotherapists
Our Staff
Virtual Tour
Free Hypnosis Resources
Hypnosis FAQs
Help»
Ordering Help
How to Order
Customer Service
Contact Us