http://www.iafc.org/privacy-policy
Logout
JOIN
Login
Menu
About IAFC
Join Now
Board of Directors
Position Statements
Committees
Communications
Constitution, Bylaws & Resolutions
Elections
Emergency Management
Hazardous Materials
Human Relations
Professional Development
Program Planning
Tech Council
Terrorism and Homeland Security
Urban Search & Rescue
Wildland Fire Policy
Divisions
Sections
Company Officers
About COS
COS Resources
Mentoring Program
Emergency Vehicle Management
EMS
About EMS Section
Liaison Reports
EMS Resources
Recommended Reading
FRM Conference
EMS Awards
Executive Fire Officers
About EFO
Executive Fire Officer Program (EFOP)
EFO Symposium & Awards
Federal & Military Fire Services
Fire & Life Safety
About FLSS
FLSS Resources
Fire Alarm Training Series
FLSS Awards
Industrial Fire & Safety
Metro Chiefs
Safety, Health & Survival
Volunteer & Combination Officers
Bugle Partners
Partner
Bugle Program
Advertise
Exhibit
Sponsor
Awards
Staff
International Fire Service Research Center and Policy Institute
Learn & Develop
Chiefs
Chief Officers
Company Officers
Conferences
FSEDI
Officer Development Program
iDELP
Online Learning
International Fellowship Program
IFP Frequently Asked Questions
Scholarships
Career Center
KnowledgeNet
Topics & Tools
Comprehensive Opioid, Stimulant & Substance Abuse Program
Coronavirus: COVID-19
Communications & Technology
Technology Council
IAFC Frequency Coordination
UAS Toolkit
Department Administration
EMS
Fire Prevention
Hazmat
Large-Scale Response
Leadership
Personnel
LMA
About LMA
Our Facilitators
LMA Conference
Services & Products
Safety & Health
Wellness/Fitness Task Force
Wellness/Fitness Program Summary
Candidate Physical Ability Test
Volunteer
Wildland
Suppression
Suppression News
Fire Adapted
Fire Adapted News
Resilient Landscapes
Wildland Landscapes News
Wildland Policy
Wildland Policy News
News Details
Ready Set Go Departments
Position Details
Wildland Events
Wildland Resource
Wildland News
All Resources
Bugle Brief
Buyer's Guide
Consulting Services
Daily Dispatch
FireRescue GPO
Grant Funding
iCHIEFS
KnowledgeNet
Legislative Issues
Affordable Care Act
Communications
EMS
Federal Taxation
Fire Prevention
Hazardous Materials
Homeland Security
Volunteer and Combination
Wildland Fire
National Mutual Aid System
NMAS FAQs
Contact NMAS
Near Miss
Research
RESCUES
Conferences & Events
Chief's Edge
Community Risk Reduction
conneXions
Fire-Rescue International
Fire-Rescue Med
Hazmat Conference
LMA Conference
VCOS Symposium-Sun
About
Conference Status
VCOS Section
About IAFC
FAQs
Future Events
Contact Us
#VirtualVCOSSun
Full Schedule
Browse Speakers
For Exhibitors/Sponsors
Become an Exhibitor
Marketing Opportunities
Sponsorship
Advertising
VCOS Symposium-Spring
WUI Conference
Calendar
Membership
Join Now
Get Involved
Renew
KnowledgeNet
Member Benefits
Update Profile
Life Membership
Member Directory
IAFC Store
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Children Under 13
IAFC.ORG does not intend to collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, you should not enter information on any IAFC.ORG website and should ask a parent to do so for you. If you are under 13, IAFC.ORG must have express written permission from a parent before you may use any IAFC.ORG site. The authorizing parent must email us at admin@iafc.org certifying the parent's age and authority, and giving us express permission to acquire and retain any such personal information from you as we may normally obtain from users of any of our sites.
Information Collection
IAFC.ORG does not collect personally identifiable information about you in any of its domains except when you specifically provide this information on a voluntary basis. For example, we might ask for such information when we run a contest, when you register for subscription services, submitting emails to the show, and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., forums, chats, bulletin boards, etc.), surveys, and voting and polling activities. IAFC.ORG will make every effort to ensure that whatever information you provide will be maintained in a secure environment. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, IAFC.ORG can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Information Sharing
IAFC.ORG may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) IAFC.ORG's rights or property, other IAFC.ORG users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. IAFC.ORG may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Information Use
IAFC.ORG reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics. We do this in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of our websites. We may share this information with advertisers. We may also use this information to let advertisers know how many visitors have seen their banners and how many have clicked on them. IAFC.ORG will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties; advertisers will not be able to identify any individual from these analyses.
IAFC.ORG collects IP addresses for system administration, record keeping, and advertising reporting. Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the World Wide Web. IAFC.ORG's servers record incoming IP addresses. The IP addresses are analyzed only in aggregate; no connection is made between you and your computer's IP address. By tracking IP addresses, we can determine which sites refer the most people to IAFC.ORG. (Think of an IP address like your zip code; it tells us in general terms where you're from.)
You should be very cautious when you voluntarily disclose personal information (for example, name or email address) on bulletin boards, in forums or chat areas, or the upload areas of any IAFC.ORG site. That information, along with any other information you may disclose in your posting, can be collected, correlated, and used by third parties, and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of IAFC.ORG.
Cookies
You should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of IAFC.ORG's Internet servers or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users. IAFC.ORG uses cookies to recognize visitors and more quickly provide personalized content or grant you unimpeded access to registered areas of our websites. With cookies enabled, once you log in you will not need to fill in password or contact information, should areas of our sites ask for this information.
Information gathered through cookies also helps us measure use of our sites. Cookie data allow us to track usage behavior and compile data that we can use to improve the site and target advertising. This data will be used in aggregate form; no specific users will be tracked.
IAFC.ORG does not use cookies to uniquely identify you, except where such use helps us to make your visit more efficient. Cookies help you travel through our sites efficiently.
Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside of the website that he or she is visiting. Sometimes, advertisers or third parties hosting data for IAFC.ORG will issue cookies. IAFC.ORG cannot control the use of these cookies or the information that they gather.
You can easily turn off cookies. Most browsers have a feature that allows the user to refuse cookies or issues a warning when cookies are being sent. Remember, though, cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features available on IAFC.ORG's sites. Some areas of our sites may not function properly without cookies. Enabling cookies ensures a smooth, efficient visit to our sites.
Opting Out
Upon request, IAFC.ORG will allow any user to opt out of further promotional contacts at any time. To do so, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the IAFC promotional email. Additionally upon request, IAFC.ORG will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update or correct personal information previously submitted which you may say is erroneous, to the extent that changing the data will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon your request, IAFC.ORG will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete you and your personal information from our database; however, it may be impossible to delete all of your information without some residual data because of backups and records of deletions. It is your responsibility, however, to make certain that we have your most current e-mail address.
Should you wish to opt out of any mailing from IAFC.ORG or a mailing you received through information provided to a third party affiliate, please contact admin@iafc.org.
Link to Other Sites
IAFC.ORG may from time to time offer Link to other sites from sites within the IAFC.ORG domain. IAFC.ORG has no control over these external sites or their content, and cannot be held responsible for any actions they may take or any information they might collect. You may arrive at one of these sites through clicking on a banner advertisement, as part of a co-branding arrangement, or simply by selecting a NewLink on an IAFC.ORG webpage. These sites might issue their own cookies or collect data or personal information. Use caution when visiting an external site.
IAFC.ORG Security Policy
IAFC.ORG is aware of your privacy concerns and strives to collect only as much data as is required to make your Internet and/or product use experience as efficient and satisfying as possible, in the most unobtrusive manner as possible.
The foregoing policies are effective as of December 2016. IAFC.ORG reserves the right to change this policy at any time. By using this site, you signify your assent to the IAFC.ORG Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the IAFC.ORG sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
You are not logged in.
International Association of Fire Chiefs
Home
Contact the IAFC
Terms of Use & Copyright
Privacy Policy
IAFC Logo Usage Policy
Discrimination & Harassment Policy
4795 Meadow Wood Lane, Suite 100, Chantilly, VA 20151 | Tel: 703-273-0911 | Fax: 703-273-9363
© 1999 - 2020 International Association of Fire Chiefs. All Rights Reserved.