http://www.flairstrips.com/privacy-policy
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions or require additional information about our privacy policy, please contact us.
At Achieve Equine, LLC, we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy details the types of personal information that is collected and recorded by www.flairstrips.com and www.flairstrips.co.uk and how we use it. This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there.
LOG FILES
Like many other websites, we make use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting service’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
COOKIES & WEB BEACONS
This website uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DOUBLECLICK DART COOKIE
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.flairstrips.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site’s visitors based upon their visit to www.flairstrips.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Our website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that this site has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
CONSENT
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
UPDATE
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Sunday, December 6, 2020.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Sign-up for the latest news, offers & more
yourname@email.com
search_icon
Shop
dropdown_arrow
Learndropdown_arrow
Learn
Learn
Breathe Easier
Conserve Energy & Reduce Fatigue
Recover Faster
Protect from EIPH (Lung Bleeding)
Respiratory System Overview
Clinical Abstracts
Resources
Apply FLAIR Strips
Contact
Blog
Shop
All Products
Classics
Limited Edition
Customize
FLAIR Gear
Find Retailers
account
Account
cart
Shopping Cart
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*