http://www.hospicesect.org/help-and-give/volunteer
Home
About Us
Our Approach
Mission and Values
The History of Hospice
Our History
who We Help
Stories & Voices
FAQs
Hospice Careers
Employment Opportunities
Additional Resources
Skilled Nursing Facilities
Local Hospitals
Additional Hospice Resources
Special Programs
Coming to the Senses
Expressive Arts Program
Life Review Program
Pet Therapy
Sentimental Journeys
We Honor Veterans
Social Media
Videos
Hospice & Palliative Care
Know the Difference
When is it time for Hospice?
Visiting Someone in Hospice Care
FAQs About How to Talk to Someone Who is Dying
For Hospice Care, Sooner is Better
How is hospice Funded?
Questions to Ask Your Hospice Provider
Hospice
Hospice Care
What is Hospice Care?
The Goals of Hospice Care
Hospice for Cancer Patients
Hospice for Alzheimer's/Dementia Patients
Pediatric Hospice
Hospice Requirements
The Fast Scale in Hospice
Transitioning in Hospice Care
What does Hospice cost?
Hospice Care Plans
Stages of Hospice Care
Feeding, Hydration, & Hospice Care
Does Hospice Resuscitate?
Can you receive Medical Treatment and Hospice Care?
Palliative
What is Palliative Care?
The Goals of Palliative Care
Palliative Care
Every Breath Matters
Heart to Heart
Services
Clinical Services
Counseling Services
Volunteer Services
Bereavement Services
In-Services Brochure
News & Events
News & Events
News
Events
Fundraise
Photo Galleries
Help & Give
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Levels of Support
Join The Circle
Opportunities for Businesses
Legacy Gifts
Volunteer
Support the Walk
Patients
When is it Time?
Benefits of Hospice
Team & Service Overview
Eligibility & Payment
Advance Care Plan
Stories & Voices
Special Programs
Notice of Privacy Practices
Caregiver
When is it Time?
Support & Services
Tips for Caregivers
Talking to Loved Ones
Talking to the Doctor
Helping Children Cope
Avoid Caregiver Burnout
Eligibility & Payment
Advance Care Plan
Stories & Voices
Special Programs
Notice of Privacy Practices
Community
How We Can Help
Volunteer Network
Skilled Nursing Facilities
We Honor Veterans
Advance Care Plan
Helping Children Cope
Helping the Family
Education Programs
Stories & Voices
Talking to the Doctor
Special Programs
Healing Garden
Medical/Professional
About Center for Hospice Care
Top 5 Reasons
Hospitals, SNFS & ALFS
Interdisciplinary Model
Face to Face (F2F) / Medicare & Medicaid Support
Clinical Education
How to Become a Hospice Nurse
Special Programs
Hospice Data
Contact Us
Donate
Fundraise
Bereavement Services
Employment
COVID-19 Resources
Help & Give
About Becoming a Center for Hospice Care Volunteer
Center for Hospice Care has one of the most extensive volunteer programs in Connecticut, with more than 100 people in the field. These volunteers are critical components of the interdisciplinary group and they are here to serve patients, families and staff.
For more information, please contact our volunteer department at 860-848-5699 or to request a callback, please use the form below. Thank you for your interest in volunteering for Center for Hospice Care.
Volunteer Services
Patient Care
Companionship, emotional support, and friendly visits to hospice patients.
Respite for caregivers, giving them the time they need to recharge.
Support to families, including errands and medical equipment delivery.
Complementary Care
Specialty therapists who volunteer their expertise in reiki, therapeutic massage, reflexology and healing touchto reduce stress and promote well-being.
Pet therapists who bring the unconditional love and comforting energy of dogs into the care environment.
Bereavement Care
After a patient has died, Bereavement volunteers offer a rose to the caregiver, in remembrance of their loved one.
Administrative & Community Support
Volunteers work at our Norwich office performing valuable assistance on a number of fronts: clerical, administrative, and in public communications.
Community volunteers extend our reach into the area by attending events and serving as spokespersons for the history, mission, and efficacy of hospice and palliative care.
Fundraising Support
As a nonprofit organization, Center for Hospice Care has an active Development program through which we secure donations, grants, and contributions from a range of sources. Fundraising volunteers work across all these areas.
Fundraising volunteers also help to organize and staff events, another critical source of support for us.
Volunteer Requirements
Age Range
Center for Hospice Care volunteers must be age 18+.
Time Commitment
Patient Care volunteers must commit to at least 3–4 hours of service per week, and be available for at least 2 years.
Application Process
Application submission. Center for Hospice Care volunteers are screened similarly to employees and must complete all related paperwork.
Interview. An initial interview with our Volunteer Program Manager is required to see if the candidate’s skills fit the program.
Background/Motor Vehicle check. To protect all involved, these checks are mandatory.
References. We supply a reference form that requires completion by 2 references, one of which must be professional. Complementary therapists must have 2 professional references.
Medical Requirements
Tuberculosis Test. A one-time, free, 2-step screening done by Center for Hospice Care.
Hepatitis B vaccination or Titer (optional). All prospective volunteers have the option for free Hep B vaccination and/or titer.
Physician’s Certificate. Candidates must have a physician certify that they are free of infectious diseases and fit to perform volunteer duties.
Training
Training is mandatory, free, and provided by us.
Patient care and Complementary Therapist volunteers must receive training that covers the physical, emotional, psychosocial and spiritual aspects of care.
Complementary Therapist volunteers must attend an additional 1.0 hour session tailored to their discipline and role. They must also provide a current copy of their professional license/certificate for our files.
Bereavement volunteers attend one additional session on their aspect of care.
Pet Therapist volunteers attend one single session. They must also provide a copy of their professional training certification, proof of town registration, and animal vaccination documentation.
Administrative and Community Support volunteers who will not have patient/family contact attend a single session.
Transportation & Insurance
Reliable transportation and valid automobile insurance is required for all volunteers.
Complementary Therapists and Pet Therapists must provide proof of liability insurance.
Consider Becoming a Volunteer
Volunteers are a powerful part of how Center for Hospice Care fulfills its mission. If you’re ready to explore how you can be a part of our team, start the application process with the link below. please print and fill out the volunteer application and mail it to:
Center for Hospice Care
Volunteer Department
227 Dunham Street
Norwich, CT 06360
Volunteer Application
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Levels of Support
Join The Circle
Opportunities for Businesses
Legacy Gifts
Volunteer
Support the Walk
Donate
Fundraise
Bereavement Services
Employment
Accreditations
Accreditations and Certifications:
860-848-5699