http://www.waterjoe.com/privacy-policy
skip to Main Content
AskJoe@WaterJoe.Com
PRIVACY POLICY
Water Joe is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Water Joe website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Water Joe website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Water Joe collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Water Joe also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Water Joe. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Water Joe for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Water Joe website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Water Joe public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Water Joe does not read any of your private online communications.
Water Joe encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Water Joe so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Water Joe is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Water Joe and Premium Waters family of websites.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Water Joe collects and uses your personal information to operate Water Joe website and deliver the services you have requested. Water Joe also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Water Joe and its affiliates. Water Joe may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Water Joe does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Water Joe may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Water Joe may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Water Joe, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Water Joe does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Water Joe keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Water Joe, in order to determine what Water Joe services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Water Joe to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Water Joe’s website will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Water Joe or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Water Joe and Premium Waters; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Water Joe, Premium Waters, or the public.
USE OF COOKIES
The Water Joe website use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Water Joe pages, or register with Water Joe site or services, a cookie helps Water Joe to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Water Joe Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Water Joe features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Water Joe services or websites you visit.
SECURITY & PERSONAL INFORMATION
Water Joe secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Water Joe secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Water Joe will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Water Joe encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Water Joe is protecting your information.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Water Joe welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Water Joe has not adhered to this Statement please contact us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
©2020 Water Joe - All Rights Reserved | Site Design by The Digital Ring
Privacy Policy
Back To Top×