http://www.stephenlewisfoundation.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The Stephen Lewis Foundation (SLF) is committed to protecting the rights and privacy of all of our stakeholders. We value the trust of our stakeholders, and we commit to being clear, transparent and accountable when dealing with the confidential information that is shared with us.
What is personal confidential information?
In the course of our work, we often gather and use personal information. Personal information is any personal identifiable information we maintain which would reasonably be considered to be confidential.
We adhere to the following principles when managing your information:
Maintaining Confidentiality
The Stephen Lewis Foundation respects the privacy of its donors; we do not sell, rent or trade our donor lists. We only collect information which you provide voluntarily to us through secured online donations, emails, over the phone, etc. The information we collect is used to process donations, keep you informed about the activities of the Foundation, and ask for your support in our goal to turn the tide of HIV & AIDS in Africa. If at any time you wish to be excluded from such contacts, please call us at 416-533-9292 or 1-888-203-9990 and we will accommodate your request.
Ensuring Security
The Foundation recognizes the need to protect the personal information you have entrusted us with and will take all reasonable steps to ensure the security and accuracy of the information we have about you.
By using a secure payment service for online donations, we are better able to protect the privacy of personal and financial information. Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption technology is used when making online donations.
We use password protocols and encryption software to protect personal information received when a contribution is requested and/or paid for online. Our software is routinely updated to maximize protection of such information.
Like many other organizations, the Foundation may use ‘cookies’ in special areas of our website that require login or registration – these temporary files enhance your ability to use the website but are discarded when the session ends. Additionally, software may be utilized to record the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our website for the purposes of gathering website usage statistics.
Our Commitment
We treat our obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of personal information very seriously. Pursuant to this policy, we will only use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected. We will not sell, rent or share any personal information.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites, YouTube channels, and other digital platforms
Articles on this site, our other websites, and in our email newsletters, may include embedded content, including videos, images, and articles. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Third-party
In some cases we use third party services that have their own resources dedicated to maintaining security and confidentiality. Google Analytics and WordPress do record your IP address, geographical location, device, and Internet browser. We do not access individual IP addresses. You may view Google’s privacy policy, which includes YouTube, and Google Analytics’ use of cookies in Google’s developer guide. You may also view WordPress’s privacy policy, and its cookie policy. If you disable cookies on your internet browser, Google Analytics and WordPress will not be able to track your visit to our websites. Vimeo’s privacy policy.
How we use your data:
Email Mailing Lists
We periodically send out newsletters, press statements, photographs, videos and other communication through our email mailing lists. We do not share your email address with anyone else.
Maintenance of Mailing Lists
We send emails to our mailing lists through MailChimp, which is a third party email marketing service that collects your name and email address. MailChimp’s privacy policy and cookie policy. We may also send emails via Outlook.
Unsubscribe from Mailing Lists
If you no longer wish to receive emails from one of our mailing lists, you may opt out of that mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in our emails. Or request removal at info@stephenlewisfoundation.org.
Other Data Collection and Analytics
Some visitors to our websites sometimes voluntarily submit information other than their names to register for events or to be added to online or paper publications. Such information may be stored in databases (collectively, “Databases”) operated by MailChimp, a third-party service. MailChimp’s privacy policy. Eventbrite is a third-party service we use for event registration. AKA Raisin is used for fundraising and events. We also use Google Analytics and Sprout Social.
What Rights Apply?
Although we are based in Canada, our mailing lists and databases include individuals who are in the European Union. Applicable rights are spelled out in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
These include, for example:
The right to ensure that your data is accurate and to have any inaccurate or incomplete data correctedThe right to obtain a copy of the personal data you providedThe right to have your data erased This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Data Breaches
We will report data theft and any unlawful breach of our mailing list to relevant authorities.
Policy Revision
This policy is reviewed and updated regularly. Changes will be reflected on this page.
Maintaining Openness
Your trust is important to us. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, wish to access your personal information, or have any of your personal information removed, you may contact the Privacy Officer:
Margaret WrightStephen Lewis Foundation260 Spadina Avenue, Suite 100Toronto, ON M5T 2E4416-533-9292 x2351-888-203-9990 x235
info@stephenlewisfoundation.orgwww.stephenlewisfoundation.org