http://www.allergy.org.nz/About+us/Privacy+policy.html
Shopping Cart
You have 0 items
Want to become a member?
Sign up here!
Allergy FAQs
home
A-Z Allergies
Forums
News & Events
About us
Join us
Member's area
Contact us
Donation
Search
About us
Allergy New Zealand respects the privacy and confidentiality of all its members and customers so is committed to its requirements under the Privacy Act 1993.
We collect personal information provided by you when you register with us either through our site or by our digital or hardcopy registration form. For example signing up for membership, placing an order through our online shop or signing up for our E- newsletters.
We also collect general website data generated by our onsite systems. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personal information you may have provided.
Information Sharing
We use your personal information to process your requests or transactions and to keep you informed about upcoming events, services, specials or other information that may be of interest to you.  We may also use it for any marketing, promotional or market research we may undertake.
Personal information may be sent to an external organisation periodically for the purpose of sending out magazine subscriptions or Direct Mail campaigns. Our agreements with all our service providers protect the information that we collect from any unauthorised use.
Your personally identifiable information will only be shared with third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law.
Allergy New Zealand will not sell or supply your information to any other third parties.
Information Storage
Allergy New Zealand holds personal information in a combination of secure computer and network storage facilities and paper-based files, and takes steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our sites. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. With the information cookies provide we can do the following:
Track traffic patterns to our site.
Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.
If you would rather we did not use cookies with you, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our site.
Opting in and opting out
You will always have the option to opt in to our services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our member services.
Your Rights
You have the right to access and correct your personal information held by Allergy New Zealand. Please contact us at allergy@allergy.org.nz or Ph 0800 340 800 for access to your information.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy, please contact us as above.
Home
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer and Copyright Policy
Site Map
Back to top
2010 Allergy New Zealand. All rights reserved.