http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-aids/technology
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
11
www.HealthyHearing.com
A woman with a hearing aid connects it to her smartphone.
Hearing aid technology has improved a lot over the past few decades, but at their core, hearing aids have always been designed with four basic parts: a microphone, a processor, a receiver and a power source. The microphone picks up the sounds in your environment and passes it to the processor. The processor enhances the signal and delivers it to the receiver which delivers the amplified signal to the ear canal. The power source, or battery, drives the system.
Hearing aid technology can be considered either advanced or basic, based on the sophistication of the processor. Even today’s basic digital hearing aids offer far more benefit than the best hearing aids of previous generations.
New and advanced hearing aid technology
As the level of technology increases, digital hearing aids become more automatic and have more features to help you communicate in difficult listening situations. New technologies translate to higher price points for hearing aids and greater benefits. The following features are more likely to be offered in advanced hearing aids.
More advanced digital hearing aids can
connect to smartphones.
Top-of-the-line sound processing and frequency response
All hearing aids process sound, which means that when sound arrives into the hearing aid, it has to be sectioned into bands of sound (sometimes referred to as "channels") and digitized before it can be amplified. The better the hearing aid, the more flexibility it has to band sounds that are amplified for your unique hearing loss prescription. For example, if you have only high-frequency hearing loss, a better-made hearing aid can amplify only those sounds within that band, whereas a lower-end model might amplify mid- and high-frequency sounds. This customization of the hearing aid is called its frequency response.
Bluetooth compatibility
Bluetooth compatibility is a wireless feature that enables hearing aids to connect to mobile phones and other devices that use Bluetooth, often through an intermediary device. Bluetooth technology has the ability to improve the signal-to-noise ratio and eliminate feedback from the microphone because the signal bypasses the microphone and directly enters the hearing aid’s processor. A Bluetooth connection is also less likely to experience interference, which can occur with an FM system (see below under basic features).
Artificial intelligence
Some hearing aids have a feature that allows them to “learn” your preferences, a type of AI or artificial intelligence. By logging volume control settings and program preferences for certain sound environments, the hearing aids can begin to make these changes automatically when the environment is detected. Over time, this reduces your need to make manual adjustments.
Apps
The homescreen for the Oticon On app
for Oticon brand hearing aids.
Most of today's advanced hearing aids come with smartphone apps, allowing the user to make adjustments, contact their hearing care provider, and monitor battery life. Most importantly, some of them work like assistive listening devices, by routing phone calls or other sources of sounds directly to a user's hearing aids. Some also can convert speech into text, and translate different languages.
Rechargeable batteries
Increasingly, hearing aids have rechargeable batteries, allowing a person to stop swapping out tiny button batteries every few days or weeks. It's anticipated that these will be widely available with most hearing aid models in the next few years.
Tinnitus masking features
The most sophisticated hearing aids come with tinnitus masking features. An audiologist or other hearing care provider can program them to emit sounds that mask the tinnitus or ringing in your ears. (But for many people with tinnitus, simply amplifying the sounds you've been missing with a hearing aid can help minimize tinnitus, which often develops when a person experiences age-related hearing loss.)
Binaural processing
This feature is often (but not always) available on basic hearing aids, too. Binaural processing means a pair of hearing aids communicate wirelessly with each other. This technology mimics the brain's ability to process information coming from both ears and helps reduce manual adjustments. It is most commonly used to keep the hearing aids operating synchronously (such as switching from program 1 to 2 at the same time) or to stream auditory signals from one hearing aid to the other.
Basic hearing aid technology
Although programmable by computer, basic hearing aids generally have limited adjustments available for fine-tuning to fit unusual patterns of hearing loss. They are also less customizable and automated than hearing aids with advanced technology.
Basic digital hearing aids also generally require you to make some manual adjustments in certain listening situations—such as turning a volume control up or down, or pushing a button on the aids to reduce noise coming from behind.
The following are examples of features that are usually included in basic hearing aid technology.
Directional microphone systems
Directional microphone systems are designed to boost sounds coming from the front of the wearer and reduce sounds coming from other directions. Different system designs block out more or less of the sounds coming from behind the wearer. These systems improve speech understanding in background noise. Satisfaction is higher for hearing aids with directional microphone systems than for hearing aids without them.
Digital noise reduction
Digital noise reduction systems analyze the signal to determine if it contains unwanted noise. If this unwanted noise is detected, this system reduces the level of noise. This feature makes the background or environmental noise less annoying and increases your listening comfort. Digital noise reduction has been shown to be effective and preferred by hearing aid wearers.
Impulse noise reduction
Similar in purpose to the digital noise reduction, impulse noise reduction improves listening comfort. This system detects any transient loud noises, such as car keys rattling, typing on a keyboard or dishes rattling, and softens them instantly.
Wind noise reduction
Although fairly specific in its application, wind noise reduction can make a world of difference for those who spend time enjoying outdoor hobbies, like golfers and boaters. Wind noise reduction detects the impact of the wind blowing across the hearing aid microphones and avoids or reduces the amplification of it.
Feedback management systems
Feedback management systems combat the inevitable feedback (whistling) that occurs in a hearing aid. These feedback loops create an annoying whistling sound that can get in the way of your comfort. Feedback management algorithms can be implemented differently for basic hearing aids or advanced hearing aids. Basic feedback management systems may reduce the overall amplification to remove the whistling. Advanced feedback management systems reduce or eliminate whistling without affecting overall amplification of the hearing aid.
Telecoil
New hearing aid technology includes
smartphone compatibility.
A telecoil is a wireless feature that picks up electromagnetic signals from compatible telephones or looped rooms. This technology has been available in hearing aids for a very long time. Because the signal of interest is directed to the hearing aid’s processor without using the microphone, telecoil can improve the signal-to-noise ratio while eliminating the potential for feedback. Public performances, tours, exhibits and worship services are commonly made accessible to individuals with hearing loss via telecoil.
FM compatibility
Frequency modulation (FM) compatibility is a wireless feature that enables hearing aids to connect with FM systems, sometimes via a special attachment to the hearing aids called a boot. FM systems can be used alone or with hearing aids. Like telecoil, FM systems improve the signal to noise ratio without causing a feedback loop in the hearing aids. FM compatibility is especially important when selecting hearing aids for children because these systems are commonly used in educational settings to ensure that the teacher’s voice is heard above the clamor of the classroom.
Data logging
Data logging is a feature that stores data about the listening environments in which you wear your hearing aids and your preferences for programs, volume levels and other features. The information can be accessed by the hearing healthcare professional when you return for a follow-up appointment. Your practitioner may use this valuable information to further customize your hearing aid fitting.
What are the real-world benefits of these features?
Imagine sitting in a typical busy restaurant, having dinner with friends. Sounds are coming from all directions, such as dishes clanking, people talking and laughing at other tables and waiters rushing about. You’re wearing your new hearing aids and listening to a friend who is sitting across from you at the table. She’s telling a joke. Your hearing aids are simultaneously reducing impulse noises like silverware clanking onto a plate (impulse noise reduction), reducing the whir of the ventilation system above (digital noise reduction), suppressing the voices of the people at the tables behind you (directional microphone system) and storing information about the listening environment to be saved for later fine-tuning (data logging). They’re doing all of this automatically while amplifying and shaping the speech signal from your friend. You are free to relax and enjoy the punch line.
This is just one example of today’s sophisticated hearing aid technology in action. Contact a hearing professional in your area to find hearing aids near you.
Mandy Mroz, AuD, President, Healthy Hearing
Dr. Mandy Mroz earned her doctorate in audiology from the University of Florida. Mandy’s career is guided by her dedication to serving people with hearing loss and her past experience in hearing research, training and management.
Read more about Mandy.
You are reading about:
Hearing aids / Technology
Related topics
Health benefits Types and styles Wireless Bluetooth Fitting Reviews and comparisons Prices Insurance & financial assistance Medicare AARP hearing care program VA Cleaning Repairs Batteries Accessories Children Cochlear implants Bone-anchored hearing systems Used hearing aids Hearing aid manufacturers
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Hearing loss and listening fatigue
How long do hearing aids last?
Protecting your hearing aids in the water
Understanding high-frequency hearing loss
What are CROS and BiCROS hearing aids?
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Wireless
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!