http://www.carolinashealthcare.org/for-patients-visitors/online-privacy-policy
×
Visitor Restrictions Update:
We’re continuing to ease some of the visitor restrictions, while ensuring COVID-Safe standards are in place. Learn more.
Online Privacy Policy
What It Means to Use Our Sites
When you use our Sites, you are accepting the terms of this Online Privacy Policy and giving us permission to collect your Personal Information for the purposes described below.
You are also giving us (and our contracted vendors) permission to use your Personal Information to communicate with you about treatment and treatment-related information, payment, educational and promotional information and opportunities, and other health care operation purposes.
We may contact you by phone, email, mail, or text based on the contact numbers and addresses you provide, and we may do it in a pre-recorded, automatic dialing system, or scripted messages.
We may also contact you through social media, such as by sending you information about a topic through a Facebook ad.
What Is Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that, either alone or when combined with other information, identifies or relates to a particular individual.
Examples of Personal Information include (but are not limited to) name, email address, phone number, date of birth, mailing address, health information, and online identifiers.
This information may come from forms you fill out on our Sites or information we derive from your behavior while using our Sites.
Personal Information is different than Protected Health Information, which is protected under HIPAA, but they may overlap.
It is also important to note that aggregated information (information from multiple people that has been put together such that you cannot identify an individual) is not considered Personal Information or Protected Health Information.
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide our Sites to you, including to make them more user friendly and useful or to customize them based on your interests and activity on the Sites.
To analyze, administer, and improve the Sites, as well as the services we provide to our patients and consumers.
For example, we may use Personal Information to help us identify better Site features or to provide more resources on a particular topic our Site traffic indicates is popular.
To analyze and evaluate how people are using our Sites and use that information to make decisions about how to best communicate with people about our services.
We may also use the information to identify where we should expand our locations or offer different types of services. For example, if we see a lot of inquiries about pediatric services are coming from a particular zip code, we may review other data we have to see if it makes sense to open a pediatric clinic in that location.
To send information, resources, and educational materials, both in response to your request and your behavior on our Sites.
For example, we may send you information about a new primary care practice opening in your area or provide you with information about a cancer screening event we are offering.
We may also send you surveys to see how we are doing and if your experience is going well.
To respond to inquiries on our Sites, such as if you need help with something or you want to sign up for a service we offer.
To share information with our third-party vendors and contractors, such as vendors who help us set up and maintain the Sites, analyze the information, and send out communications, in addition to other services.
To support secure use of the Sites.
While we cannot guarantee security, we work hard to provide a secure site; Personal Information helps us verify whether our security measures are in place and when to update them.
To detect potential fraud or abuse of the Sites. Please note that we do not allow our Sites to be used for inappropriate, harassing, threatening, or illegal behavior. We reserve the right to terminate and block access to users who exhibit such behavior and we can do so with no warning or rights of recourse by you.
To protect our rights or our property. Please note that our name and logo are the property of Atrium Health and are protected.
We also own the Sites, in part and in whole, and there are restrictions on what you can do with the information you access on our Sites.
To meet our legal obligations, defend our organization, and in the event of an emergency.
To keep information in our databases so we can benchmark how our Sites and services are being used.
For other purposes related to the reasons for which you provide Personal Information, and for other administrative and internal business purposes.
Note that we will not sell your Personal Information without your express permission.
Types of Personal Information You Provide Us
In various places on the Sites, we request information from you through forms, such as interest forms and questionnaires.
The exact information we need to collect (including Personal Information) will depend on the purpose of the form.
For example, when you sign up to create an account, we will ask for your name, address, email address, and date of birth.
If you want to schedule an appointment, we will ask for your age, sex, date of birth, reason for visit, and type of appointment.
If you pay your bill, we will also collect payment information (which is processed securely through a third-party payment processor).
If you want information about services we offer (such as senior care, maternity, orthopedic, or general care), we may need your name, email, and the types of information you interested in so we can send resources to you.
We will indicate on the form if a particular field is mandatory or optional.
Please note that if you choose not to provide certain information, we may not be able to provide requested services. You are always welcome to call us at 800-821-1535 and speak to someone if you prefer.
Types of Information We Collect from You
There are certain types of information that we automatically collect when you use our Sites.
Cookies, Device Identifiers, and Similar Technologies.
When you use or access the Sites, we, our service providers, and advertisers use cookies, device identifiers, and similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons, and local storage.
These are all examples of tools that collect information about how you use the Sites.
We take the information collected through these technologies (both alone and in combination with Personal Information) to help operate certain features of the Sites, to enhance your experience through personalization, and to help us better understand the features of the Sites that you and other users are most interested in.
Most browsers give you a way to block, delete, or disable cookies.
Your mobile device may also allow you to disable transmission of unique identifiers and location data.
If you choose to reject cookies or block device identifiers, please note that some features of the Sites may not be available, or some features may be limited or unavailable.
The “Help” feature on most browsers and mobile devices will explain how you can change your cookie settings.
We do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals sent to us by your browser at this time.
To learn more about how DNT works, please visit All About DNT.
Some of our service providers may use cookies or other methods to gather information regarding your use of the Sites and may combine the information in these cookies with any Personal Information about you that they may have.
For example, cookies allow us to personalize our Site content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences so we can deliver you relevant content.
How and when a third party uses that tracking information depends on their privacy policy, which you should review.
Advertising.
Atrium Health uses cookies and similar technology to connect you with more information about our services.
For example, our advertisers may display targeted advertisements when you visit third party websites and social networks based on your previous interactions with our Sites as tracked by cookies and similar technologies.
This process also helps us understand the effectiveness of our content and marketing efforts.
We also use Google AdWords to connect you with more information about our services. Google AdWords will display relevant messages tailored to you based on what parts of the Sites you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. This cookie does not identify you or give access to your computer or use your protected health information. The cookie is used to say, "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords allows us to tailor our messages to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not want to participate in advertising cookies and analytics, you may do the following:
To opt-out of third party use of advertising cookies, you can do so here. Please note that even if you opt-out of targeted advertising, you will continue to see advertisements when you use our Sites or third-party sites.
You can opt out of Google Ads by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.
You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising website. To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's IDFA or Android's GAID), visit the device manufacturer's current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here.
Please note these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
Google Analytics.
To assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies, we use analytics services, including Google Analytics and Siteimprove. These tools collect information about Site traffic, number of users and new users visiting the Sites, page views, time spent on the Sites, users navigate the Sites, etc.
We then receive reports about activity on the Sites and use that information to evaluate activity and make decisions.
These analytics tools do not gather your Personal Information - the user data is anonymous.
For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information, please see “How Google Uses Information From Sites or Apps That Use Our Sites.” For more information on Siteimprove, please visit their website.
Marketing Demographics.
From time to time, we also provide information (including information gathered through the use of cookies) to social network service providers who help us develop and aggregate information on our users’ demographics.
This enables us to display advertisements to other individuals likely to have similar interests as you.
Geolocation Information.Our analytics services allow us to estimate the general geographic location of our users, but this information is not as precise as when you allow us to access your device’s geolocation information.
With your permission, some portions of our Sites can access your current location and then use that geolocation information for your convenience.
For example, if you want to make an appointment, we can use your location to direct you to the nearest facility.
If you do not want us to access your geolocation information, your browser or mobile device’s help pages should have instructions for how to deny or revoke access.
Note that we may block some geolocations from accessing our Sites for security reasons.
Log File Information.When you use our Sites, our servers automatically record information, including your Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), browser type, referring URLs (meaning the site you visited before coming to our Sites), domain names associated with your internet service provider, information on your interaction with the Sites, and other such information (collectively, “Log File Information”).
We may also collect similar information from emails sent to you which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
We use Log File Information collected from our implementation of the Sites to help secure the Sites by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities and in analyzing the effectiveness of our Sites to improve a Site’s function and content.
Retention. We will retain your Personal Information while you have an active account, as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Disclosure of Personal Information
This section describes to whom we disclose Personal Information and for what purposes.
Third Party Vendors and Service Providers. We employ or contract with third parties to help us operate the Sites, manage our users and communications, and provide our services.
For example, we engage third parties to provide analytics services, hosting services, website and app security, email marketing, mailing services, customer service (including online chats), and payment processing.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf. We have written agreements in place with them that require they protect your Personal Information and follow confidentiality requirements.
Organizations Involved in Mergers and Acquisitions Transactions. If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of our business or assets to another organization (such as in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or liquidation), any information collected through the Sites, including Personal Information, may be among the items sold or transferred.
In such cases, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you before your Personal Information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy, such as by updating this Online Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement, Government Agencies, and Courts. We may disclose Personal Information at the request of law enforcement or government agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process to establish, protect, or exercise our rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of any other person.
We may also disclose Personal Information to investigate or prevent a violation by you of any contractual or other relationship with us or your illegal or harmful activity.
Treatment, Payment, and Health Care Operations.In addition to the uses and disclosures of information outlined above, we may use and disclose health information collected online (such as when you make an appointment or when you access secure areas such as a patient portal to manage health records) in accordance with our Notice of Privacy Practices.
How We Protect the Confidentiality of Personal Information
We work hard to protect the confidentiality and security of information we obtain in the course of business.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards, such as industry-standard encryption technology, to help keep the information collected through the Sites secure.
Despite efforts to store Personal Information in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.
We also cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third parties such as hackers from illegally obtaining access to Personal Information. We do not represent or warrant that Personal Information about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. You should take care to protect any user logins and passwords and be aware of the risks of transmitting information over the internet, by email, in blogs or chats, or when using online sites.
Personal Information Transferred from the U.S.
If you are using the Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. Although we take steps to provide adequate safeguards, the data protection laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
By using the Sites, you consent to your information being transferred to the United States for the purposes described in this Online Privacy Policy.
Note that you may be blocked from using our Sites depending on your location.
Children’s Privacy
Children are expressly prohibited from using the Sites, except for MyAtriumHealth.org, which may be used by minors 13-17.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any Personal Information from children.
In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child, we will promptly take steps to delete that information.
Other Websites and Sites, Including Social Media
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Sites, including the information or content contained within them.
A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement by Atrium Health in any way.
We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing Personal Information to third parties, and we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
We are not responsible for their activities or representations, and we assume no liability, even if you found the site through us.
Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
We may modify or update this Online Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, so please review it periodically. We may provide you with notice of material changes to the Online Privacy Policy as appropriate under the circumstances.
Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Online Privacy Policy will apply immediately upon posting to the Sites.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy, the Sites, or how we handle your information, please fill out the Contact Us form or call us at 800-821-1535.
Last updated: March 2020
About Atrium Health
About Us
Contact Us
Diversity and Inclusion
Privacy Practices
Financial Assistance and Standard Charges
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Test Price/Cost (PDF)
Careers
Join Atrium Health
Physician & APP Careers
For Employees
Atrium Health Connect
Employee Assistance Program
For Providers
For Providers
For Employers
Employer Solutions
Employee Assistance Program Services
Get Care Now
MyAtriumHealth
Search
Close
x
Menu
Find a Doctor
Find a Location
Make an Appointment
Get Care Now
Make a Payment
News
Make a Donation
MyAtriumHealth Login
Medical Services
Medical Services
Prevention and Wellness
Specialty Care
Children's Services
All Medical Services
For Patients and Visitors
For Providers
For Employees
Medical Education
Research
Careers
About Atrium Health