http://www.nutritiondata.com/help/glossary
in
All food categories
Cereal Grains and Pasta
Breakfast Cereals
Baked Products
Vegetables and Vegetable Products
Fruits and Fruit Juices
Nut and Seed Products
Legumes and Legume Products
Finfish and Shellfish Products
Poultry Products
Beef Products
Pork Products
Lamb, Veal, and Game Products
Sausages and Luncheon Meats
Dairy and Egg Products
Soups, Sauces, and Gravies
Fats and Oils
Snacks
Sweets
Spices and Herbs
Beverages
Baby Foods
Ethnic Foods
Meals, Entrees, and Sidedishes
Fast Foods, generic
Foods from A&W
Foods from Arby's
Foods from Back Yard Burgers
Foods from Blimpie
Foods from Burger King
Foods from Carl's Jr.
Foods from Chick-fil-A
Foods from Cold Stone Creamery
Foods from Culver's
Foods from Dairy Queen
Foods from Del Taco
Foods from Dippin' Dots
Foods from Domino's
Foods from Donatos
Foods from Hardee's
Foods from In-N-Out Burger
Foods from Jamba Juice
Foods from KFC
Foods from Krispy Kreme
Foods from Krystal
Foods from Long John Silver's
Foods from McDonald's
Foods from Papa John's
Foods from Papa Murphy's
Foods from Pizza Hut
Foods from Rubio's
Foods from Sbarro
Foods from Starbucks
Foods from Subway
Foods from Taco Bell
Foods from TCBY
Foods from Teriyaki Stix
Foods from Wendy's
Foods from White Castle
Foods from Wienerschnitzel
Home
Tools
Compare Foods
Custom Entry Tool
Nutrient Search Tool
Caloric Ratio Search
Nutritional Target Map Search
Daily Needs Calculator
Topics
Better Choices Diet
Glycemic Index
Fullness Factor
Fatty Acids
Food Additives
Effects of Processing Food
My ND
My Foods
My Recipes
My Tracking
My Preferences
My Profile
Recipe Finder
Food
Recipes
Fitness
Health
Subscribe to Self
Help
Quick Start
Search Tips
My ND Help
Compare Foods Help
Nutrition Facts Help
Caloric Ratio Pyramid
Nutrient Balance Indicator
Nutritional Target Map
Estimated Glycemic Load
Nutrition Glossary
Frequently Asked Questions
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
About ND
Nutrition Glossary
This nutrition glossary includes definitions of both common nutritional terms and terms
specific to the Nutrition Data Web site. The convenient alphabetic links allow you to
quickly navigate between different sections of this glossary.
Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP): ATP is a molecule that serves as
the universal energy source for all plants and animals. In your body, ATP breaks down into
adenosine diphosphate plus a separate phosphate group. This releases energy, which is used
to power your body's cells. During periods of inactivity, the reverse reaction takes
place, and the phosphate group is reattached to the molecule using energy obtained from
food. In this way, the ATP molecule is continuously being recycled by your body.Amino
Acids: See Protein.
Anthocyanidins: See Flavonoids.
Antioxidant: Antioxidants are chemical substances that help protect against cell
damage from free radicals. Well-known antioxidants include vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin
E, carotenoids, and flavonoids.
Ascorbic Acid: See Vitamin C.
Beta-sitosterol: See Sterol.Better
Choices Diet™: The Better Choices Diet is a trademark of Nutrition Data, and a
method for making dietary food selections based on the food's nutrient content. For a
detailed explanation of Better Choices, please see Nutrition Data's Better
Choices Diet page.
Bioflavonoids: See Flavonoids.
Body Mass Index (BMI): Body Mass Index is a standardized ratio of weight to
height, and is often used as a general indicator of health. Your BMI can be calculated by
dividing your weight (in kilograms) by the square of your height (in meters). A BMI
between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered normal for most adults. Higher BMIs may indicate that
an individual is overweight or obese.
Calcium: Of all the essential minerals in the human body, calcium
is the most abundant. Calcium helps the body form bones and teeth and is required for
blood clotting, transmitting signals in nerve cells, and muscle contraction. Calcium helps
prevent osteoporosis; of the two to three pounds of calcium contained in the human body,
99% is located in the bones and teeth.Calcium also seems to play a role in lowering
blood pressure, and has been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in
postmenopausal women.
Caloric Ratio Pyramid™: The Caloric Ratio Pyramid is a color-coded triaxial
graph on which a food's percentages of carbohydrates, fats, and protein are plotted. The
Caloric Ratio Pyramid was created by Nutrition Data to provide a quick visual indicator of
a food's macronutrient content. For a more detailed explanation, please see Nutrition Data's Caloric Ratio Pyramid page.
Calorie: Calorie is a unit of measurement for energy. One calorie is formally
defined as the amount of energy required to raise one cubic centimeter of water by one
degree centigrade. For the purpose of measuring the amount of energy in food, nutritionists
most commonly use kilocalories (equal to 1,000 calories), and label the measurement either
as "kcal" or as "Calories" with a capital "C." One kcal is
also equivalent to approximately 4.184 kilojoules.
Campesterol: See Sterol.
Carotenoids: Carotenoids are natural fat-soluble pigments found in certain
plants. Carotenoids provide the bright red, orange, or yellow coloration of many
vegetables, serve as antioxidants, and can be a source for vitamin A activity.
Cholecalciferol: See Vitamin D.
Cholesterol: Cholesterol is a soft, waxy substance present in all parts of the
body including the nervous system, skin, muscles, liver, intestines, and heart. It is both
made by the body and obtained from animal products in the diet. Cholesterol is
manufactured in the liver for normal body functions including the production of hormones,
bile acid, and vitamin D. It is transported in the blood to be used by all parts of the
body.
In the blood stream, cholesterol combines with fatty acids to form high-density (HDL)
and low-density (LDL) lipoproteins. LDLs are considered the "bad cholesterol,"
since they can stick together to form plaque deposits on the walls of your blood vessels,
leading to atherosclerosis.
One-fourth of the adult population in the U.S. has high blood cholesterol levels. More
than half of the adult population has blood cholesterol levels that exceed the desirable
range, as specified by the medical community. Elevated cholesterol often begins in
childhood. Some children may be at higher risk than others due to a family history of high
cholesterol.
Cobalamine: See Vitamin B12.
Copper: Copper is a trace element that is essential for most animals, including
humans. It is needed to absorb and utilize iron. The influence of copper upon health is
due to the fact that it is part of enzymes, which are proteins that help biochemical reactions
occur in all cells. Copper is involved in the absorption, storage, and metabolism of iron.
The symptoms of a copper deficiency are similar to iron-deficiency anemia. Copper may be
absorbed by both the stomach and small-intestinal mucosa, with most absorbed by the small
intestine. Copper is found in the blood bound to proteins.
Daily Values (DV): Daily Values are the dietary reference values
that are used on all current U.S. Nutrition Facts labels. These values were determined by
the FDA to best represent the minimum needs of the general population. For many nutrients,
DVs will exceed your actual minimum needs, since they conservatively allow for the
minimum needs of more demanding conditions, such as pregnancy or lactation. Most DVs are
derived from Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI) and other recommendations made by the Food
and Nutrition Board, Institute of Medicine (IOM).For use on food labels, Daily Values
formally replace all other previously used references, including Daily Reference Values
(DRV), Reference Daily Intakes (RDI), and Recommended Dietary Allowances (RDA).
Because your individual needs may differ from the established Daily Values,
Nutrition Data allows you to maintain your own individual set of target values for nutrient
intake. These "Individualized Daily Values" (IDV) can be set on Nutrition Data's My Preferences page.
Dietary Fiber: Dietary fiber comes from the thick cell walls of plants. It is an
indigestible complex carbohydrate. Fiber is divided into two general categories: water-soluble
and water-insoluble.
Soluble fiber has been shown to lower cholesterol. However, in many studies, the degree
of cholesterol reduction was quite modest. For unknown reasons, diets higher in insoluble
fiber (mostly unrelated to cholesterol levels) have been shown to correlate better with
protection against heart disease in human trials. Soluble fibers can also lower blood-sugar
levels, and some doctors believe that increasing fiber decreases the body’s
need for insulin—a good sign for diabetics.
Insoluble fiber acts as a stool softener, which speeds digestion through the intestinal
tract. For this reason, insoluble fiber is an effective treatment for constipation. The
reduction in "transit time" has also been thought to partially explain the link
between a high-fiber diet and a reduced risk of colon cancer.
Dietary Reference Intakes (IDV): See Daily Values.
Enzyme: Enzymes are complex proteins that assist in or enable
chemical reactions to occur. "Digestive" enzymes, for example, help your body
break food down into chemical compounds that can more easily be absorbed. Thousands of
different enzymes are produced by your body.Essential Amino Acids: Essential
Amino Acids are amino acids that your body does not have the ability to synthesize.
Hundreds of different amino acids exist in nature, and about two dozen of them are
important to human nutrition. Nine of these–histidine, isoleucine, leucine, lysine,
methionine, phenylalanine, theronine, tryptophan, and valine–are considered
essential, since they must be supplied by your diet.
While the essential amino acids requirements vary among different individuals, the Food
and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations (FAO) has proposed a standard that
specifies the minimum amount of each essential amino acid that should be supplied per gram
of protein consumed. This standard is the reference by which protein quality is
determined. By comparing the limiting (i.e., lowest level) amino acid in a food with this
standard, the amino acid score is determined. A score of 100 or above indicates a complete
or high-quality protein; a score below 100 indicates a lower-quality protein.
Fatty Acids: Fatty acids are individual isomers of what we more
commonly call "fats". There are potentially hundreds of different fatty acids,
but just a few dozen that are commonly found in the foods we eat. The names and chemical
configurations of the most common fatty acids are identified on Nutrition Data's Fatty Acid page.Flavonoids (bioflavonoids):
Flavonoids are a class of water-soluble pigments that are found in many plants. A few
thousand different flavonoids have so far been identified. While not labeled as essential
nutrients, many of these compounds serve as antioxidants or play other important roles in
maintaining the health of your body.
Some researchers break flavonoids down into subclasses that include isoflavones,
anthocyanidins, flavans, flavonols, flavones, and flavanones. However, these
subclassifications are not universally recognized.
Folate: See Vitamin B9.
Folic Acid: See Vitamin B9.
Fullness Factor™ (FF): The Fullness Factor is a dietary index, created by
Nutrition Data, to predict the satiating effect of a food from the food's nutrient content.
For a detailed explanation of the Fullness Factor, please see Nutrition Data's Fullness Factor page.
Glycemic Index (GI): The Glycemic Index is a dietary index that's
used to rank carbohydrate-based foods. The Glycemic Index predicts the rate at which the
ingested food will increase bloodsugar levels. A detailed explanation of Glycemic Index
and Glycemic Load can be found on Nutrition Data's Glycemic Index
page.Glycemic Load (GL): Glycemic Load is equal to the Glycemic Index of a food
times the number of grams of carbohydrates in the serving of food that's being eaten.
Glycemic Load is believed to correlate more directly to blood-sugar level changes than
Glycemic Index. A detailed explanation of Glycemic Index and Glycemic Load can be found on
Nutrition Data's Glycemic Index page.
HDL: See Cholesterol.Histidine:
See Essential Amino Acids.
Individualized Daily Values (IDV): See Daily Values.Insulin: Insulin is a hormone
that's secreted by your pancreas to help regulate blood-sugar level and promotes glycogen
storage. Individuals with diabetes mellitus supplement insulin to make up for their body's
inability to produce sufficient amounts.
Insoluble Fiber: See Dietary Fiber.
International Unit (IU): IU is a measurement unit that is primarily used on
nutrition labeling for vitamin A. One IU is equivalent to 0.3 mcg of retinol, 0.6 mcg of
beta-carotene, or 1.2 mcg other provitamin-A carotenoids.
Iron: Iron is one of the human body’s essential minerals. It forms part of
hemoglobin, the component of the blood that carries oxygen throughout the body. People
with iron-poor blood tire easily because their bodies are starved for oxygen. Iron is also
part of myoglobin, which helps muscles store oxygen. With insufficient iron, adenosine
triphosphate (ATP; the fuel the body runs on) cannot be properly synthesized. As a result,
some iron-deficient people can become fatigued even when they are not anemic.
Isoflavones: See Flavonoids.
Isoleucine: See Essential Amino Acids.
Isomer: An isomer is a variation in the arrangement of atoms in two or more
otherwise similar chemical compounds.
...
Kilojoule: See Calorie.
LDL: See Cholesterol.Leucine:
See Essential Amino Acids.
Lipid: A general classification to denote water-insoluble compounds, such as
fatty acids and sterols.
Lysine: See Essential Amino Acids.
Macronutrient: Nutritionists often group nutrients into two
subclasses, called macronutrients and micronutrients. Macronutrients refer to those
nutrients that form the major portion of your consumption and contribute energy to your
diet. Macronutrients include carbohydrates, fats, protein, and alcohol. Sometimes water is
also considered to be a macronutrient. All other nutrients are consumed in smaller
amounts, and are labeled as micronutrients.Magnesium: Magnesium is an essential
mineral for the human body. It is needed for protein, bone, and fatty acid formation,
making new cells, activating B vitamins, relaxing muscles, blood clotting, and forming
adenosine triphosphate (ATP). The production and use of insulin also requires magnesium.
Under certain circumstances magnesium has been found to improve vision in people with
glaucoma. Similarly, magnesium has demonstrated an ability to lower blood pressure.
Maltitol: See Sugar Alcohol.
Manganese: Manganese is an essential trace mineral that is required in small
amounts to manufacture enzymes necessary for the metabolism of proteins and fat. It also
supports the immune system and blood-sugar balance and is involved in the production of
cellular energy, reproduction, and bone growth.
Manganese works with vitamin K to support normal blood clotting. Working with the
B-complex vitamins, manganese helps promote a positive outlook when faced with stress,
frustration, and anxiety.
Mannitol: See Sugar Alcohol.
Menadione: See Vitamin K.
Methionine: See Essential Amino Acids.
Microgram (mcg): A microgram is a unit of measure equal to one one-millionth of a
gram (g).
Micronutrient: See Macronutrient.
Milligram (mg): A milligram is a unit of measure equal to one one-thousandth of a
gram (g).
Monosaccharides: Monosaccharides are simple carbohydrates that consist of a
single sugar molecule. Examples include glucose, fructose, and galactose.
Monounsaturated Fat: See Unsaturated Fat.
Niacin: See Vitamin B3.NLEA
Serving: An NLEA Serving is a standardized serving size that arose from the U.S.
government's Nutrition Labeling and Education Act. The NLEA regulations are governed by
the FDA, and restrict the typical serving size that can be claimed on a U.S. Nutrition
Facts label. The intent of this regulation is to deter food manufacturers from misleading
the public by using serving sizes that are unrealistically small or large. Food
manufacturers must now report serving sizes that are reasonably close to the NLEA
standard. This standard is different for each type of food, and applies to virtually all
foods except meats.
Nutrient Balance Indicator™: The Nutrient Balance Indicator is a radial
graph that was created by Nutrition Data to provide visual feedback about the density and
balance of essential nutrients in a food. For a more detailed explanation, please see Nutrition Data's
Nutrient Balance Indicator page.
Nutrient Density: Nutrient density is the measurement of the amount of a
nutrient per fixed portion of food. By its own convention, Nutrition Data calculates
nutrient densities based on a 200-Calorie serving size. If you know the nutrient density
of a food, you can better compare its nutritional value to that of other foods, regardless
of serving size.
Nutritional Target Map™: The Nutritional Target Map is a color-coded graph
that was created by Nutrition Data to provide a quick visual indicator of a food's ND
Rating and Fullness Factor. The Nutritional Target Map is used for food consumption
analysis done in conjunction with Nutrition Data's Better Choices Diet. For a more detailed
explanation, please see Nutrition Data's Nutritional Target Map
page.
...
Pantothenic Acid: See Vitamin B5.Phenylalanine:
See Essential Amino Acids.
Phosphate: See Phosphorus.
Phosphorus: Phosphorus is an essential mineral that is usually found in nature
combined with oxygen as phosphate. Most phosphate in the human body is in bone, but
phosphate-containing molecules (phospholipids) are also important components of cell
membranes and lipoprotein particles, such as good (HDL) and bad (LDL) cholesterol. Small
amounts of phosphate are engaged in biochemical reactions throughout the body.
The role of phosphate-containing molecules in aerobic exercise reactions has suggested
that phosphate loading might enhance athletic performance, though controlled research has
produced inconsistent results.
Phylloquinone: See Vitamin K.
Phytonadione: See Vitamin K.
Phytosterol: Phytosterol is any plant-derived sterol. (See Sterol.)
Polysaccharides: Polysaccharides are complex carbohydrates, made up of multiple
sugar molecules. Examples of polysaccharides include cellulose, starch, and dextrin.
Polyunsaturated Fat: See Unsaturated Fat.
Potassium: Potassium is an essential mineral that helps regulate heart function,
blood pressure, and nerve and muscle activity. Potassium is also required for carbohydrate and
protein metabolism and helps maintain the proper pH within the body.
Those with higher potassium
intakes tend to have lower blood pressure and people with low blood levels of potassium who are
undergoing heart surgery are at an increased risk of developing heart arrhythmias and an increased
need for cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Excessive sodium intake can increase your body's
requirements for potassium.
Protein: Protein is one of the basic components of food and makes all life
possible. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. All of the antibodies and
enzymes, and many of the hormones in the body, are proteins. They provide for the transport
of nutrients, oxygen, and waste throughout the body. They provide the structure and
contracting capability of muscles. They also provide collagen to connective tissues of the
body and to the tissues of the skin, hair, and nails.
Protein Quality: See Essential Amino Acids.
...
Recommended Dietary Allowances (RDA): See Daily Values.Reference Daily Intakes (RDI): See
Daily Values.
Retinol: See Vitamin A.
Retinol Activity Equivalent (RAE): The Retinol Activity Equivalent is a
relatively new unit for expressing vitamin A activity. One mcg of RAE is equivalent to 1
mcg of all-trans-retinol, 12 mcg of all-trans-beta-carotene, or 24 mcg of other provitamin
A carotenoids. These RAE conversion factors are based on recent studies that show that the
conversion of provitamin A carotenoids to retinol is only half as great as previously
thought.
Riboflavin: See Vitamin B2.
SAMe (S-adenosyl-L-methionine): SAMe, a natural metabolite of the
amino acid methionine, plays a key role in dozens of chemical reactions in the body.Satiety:
Satiety refers to the feeling of satisfaction or "fullness" produced by the
consumption of food.
Saturated Fat: A saturated fat is a fat or fatty acid in which there are no
double bonds between the carbon atoms of the fatty acid chain. Saturated fats are usually
solid at room temperature. Diets high in saturated fat have been shown to correlate with
an increased incidence of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease. Dehydrogenation
converts saturated fats to unsaturated fats, while hydrogenation accomplishes the reverse.
Common saturated fats include butter, lard, palm oil, coconut oil, cottonseed oil, and
palm kernel oil. Saturated fat is found in dairy products, especially cream and cheese, and
in meat, as well as in many prepared foods. Some studies suggest that replacing saturated fats
in the diet with unsaturated fats will increase one's ratio of HDL to LDL serum
cholesterol.
Alternatives to saturated fats include monosaturated fats such as olive oil and
polyunsaturated fats such as canola oil and corn oil.
Selenium: Selenium is an essential trace mineral. Selenium activates an
antioxidant enzyme called glutathione peroxidase, which may help protect the body from
cancer. Yeast-derived forms of selenium have induced "apoptosis" (programmed
cell death) in cancer cells in test tubes and in animals. One study found that men
consuming the most dietary selenium developed 65% fewer cases of advanced prostate cancer
than did men with low levels of selenium intake.
Selenium is also essential for healthy immune functioning. Even in a nondeficient
population of elderly people, selenium supplementation has been found to stimulate the
activity of white blood cells. Selenium is also needed to activate thyroid hormones.
In a placebo-controlled study, selenium supplementation indicated a reduction in
disease activity in people with autoimmune thyroiditis (thyroid inflammation). In a
double-blind trial, selenium supplementation of infertile men improved the motility of
sperm cells and increased the chance of conception.
Sodium: Sodium is a mineral, an essential nutrient. It helps to maintain blood
volume, regulate the balance of water in the cells, and keep nerves functioning. The
kidneys control sodium balance by increasing or decreasing sodium in the urine. One
teaspoon of salt contains about 2,300 milligrams of sodium, more than four times the
amount the body requires per day.
Most Americans consume far more sodium than their bodies need. Many foods contain
sodium naturally, and it is commonly added to foods during preparation or processing or as
a flavoring agent. Sodium is also found in drinking water, prescription drugs, and
over-the-counter medications.
In the United States, about one in four adults have elevated blood pressure. Sodium
intake is only one of the factors known to affect high blood pressure, and not everyone is
equally susceptible. The sensitivity to sodium seems to be very individualized. Usually,
the older one is, the more sensitive one is to salt.
Soluble Fiber: See Dietary Fiber.
Sorbitol: See Sugar Alcohol.
Sterol: A sterol is any of a class of solid cyclic alcohols, found in both
plants (e.g., campesterol, stigmasterol, beta-sitosterol) and animals (e.g., cholesterol).
Stigmasterol: See Sterol.
Sugar Alcohol: Sugar alcohols, sometimes called polyols, are a class of
carbohydrates that are more slowly or incompletely absorbed by the human digestive system
than sugars. Common sugar alcohols include sorbitol, mannitol, maltitol, and xylitol.
Sugar alcohols contribute less Calories to the diet than most other types of
carbohydrates, but may cause digestive discomfort.
Theobromine: Theobromine is an alkaloid compound with a molecular
structure similar to caffeine. Theobromine has a mild stimulating effect on humans, and is
found in certain foods, such as cocoa and chocolate. Theobromine can be lethal to some
animals, including dogs and horses, which metabolize theobromine much more slowly than
humans.Theronine: See Essential Amino Acids.
Thiamin: See Vitamin B1.
Tocopherol: See Vitamin E.
Tryptophan: See Essential Amino Acids.
Unsaturated Fat: An unsaturated fat is a fat or fatty acid in
which there are one or more double bonds between carbon atoms of the fatty acid chain.
Such fat molecules are monounsaturated if each contains one double bond, and
polyunsaturated if each contains more than one.Hydrogenation converts unsaturated fats
to saturated fats, while dehydrogenation accomplishes the reverse. Unsaturated fats tend
to melt at lower temperatures than saturated fats, which tend to be solid at room
temperature.
Both kinds of unsaturated fat can replace saturated fat in the diet. Substituting
unsaturated fats for saturated fats helps to lower levels of total cholesterol and LDL
cholesterol in the blood.
Valine: See Essential Amino Acids.Vitamin
A (Retinol): Vitamin A is a fat-soluble vitamin with multiple functions in the body.
It helps cells differentiate, an essential part of cell reproduction. Cells that are not
fully differentiated are more likely to undergo precancerous changes. It is a central
component for healthy vision; vitamin A nourishes cells in various structures of the eye
and is required for the transduction of light into nerve signals in the retina. It is
required during pregnancy, stimulating normal growth and development of the fetus by
influencing genes that determine the sequential growth of organs in embryonic development.
It influences the function and development of sperm, ovaries, and placenta and is a vital
component of the reproductive process.
Vitamin B1 (Thiamin): Vitamin B1 is a water-soluble vitamin that the body
requires to break down carbohydrates, fat, and protein. Every cell of the body requires
vitamin B1 to form adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Vitamin B1 is also essential for the
proper functioning of nerve cells.
Vitamin B2 (Riboflavin): Vitamin B2 is a water-soluble vitamin that helps the
body process amino acids and fats, activate vitamin B6 and folic acid, and convert
carbohydrates to adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Under some conditions, vitamin B2 can act
as an antioxidant.
Vitamin B3 (Niacin): Vitamin B3 is required for cell respiration and helps
release the energy in carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. It also supports proper
circulation and healthy skin, functioning of the nervous system, and normal secretion of
bile and stomach fluids. It is used in the synthesis of sex hormones, treating
schizophrenia and other mental illnesses, and as a memory-enhancer.
Nicotinic acid (but not nicotinamide) supplementation improves the blood cholesterol
profile, and has been used to flush the body of organic poisons, such as certain
insecticides. People report more mental alertness when this vitamin is in sufficient
supply.
A shortage of niacin may be indicated with symptoms such as canker sores, depression,
diarrhea, dizziness, fatigue, halitosis, headaches, indigestion, insomnia, limb pains,
loss of appetite, low blood-sugar, muscular weakness, skin eruptions, and inflammation.
Vitamin B5 (Pantothenic Acid): Vitamin B5 is a water-soluble vitamin involved in
the Kreb’s energy production cycle and is needed for the production of acetylcholine,
a neurotransmitter. Vitamin B5 also triggers the adrenal glands, is essential in
transporting and releasing energy from fats, and enables the synthesis of cholesterol,
vitamin D, and steroid hormones. Pantethine—a vitamin B5 byproduct—has been
shown to lower cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood.
Vitamin B6: Vitamin B6 is a water-soluble vitamin and is part of the vitamin B
complex. Vitamin B6 plays a role in the synthesis of antibodies by the immune system,
which are needed to fight many diseases. It helps maintain normal nerve function and also
acts in the formation of red blood cells. Vitamin B6 is also required for the chemical
reactions needed to digest proteins. The higher the protein intake, the more the need for
vitamin B6.
Large doses of vitamin B6 can cause neurological disorders and numbness. Deficiency of
this vitamin can cause mouth and tongue sores, irritability, confusion, and depression.
Vitamin B6 deficiency is uncommon in the United States.
Vitamin B9 (Folate): Vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, is a B vitamin
necessary for cell replication and growth. Folic acid helps form building blocks of DNA,
which holds the body’s genetic information, and building blocks of RNA, needed for
protein synthesis. Folic acid is most important, then, for rapidly growing tissues, such
as those of a fetus, and rapidly regenerating cells, like red blood cells and immune
cells. Folic acid deficiency results in an anemia that responds quickly to folic acid
supplements.
The need for folic acid increases considerably during pregnancy. Deficiencies of folic
acid during pregnancy are associated with low birth weight and an increased incidence of
neural tube defects in infants. Most doctors, many other health-care professionals, and the
March of Dimes recommend that all women of childbearing age supplement with 400 mcg per
day of folic acid. Such supplementation may protect against the formation of neural tube
defects during the time between conception and when pregnancy is discovered.
Vitamin B12 (Cobalamine): Vitamin B12 is a water-soluble vitamin needed for
normal nerve cell activity, DNA replication, and production of the mood-affecting
substance SAMe (S-adenosyl-L-methionine). Vitamin B12 acts with folic acid and vitamin B6
to control homocysteine levels. An excess of homocysteine has been linked to an increased
risk of coronary disease, stroke, and other diseases such as osteoporosis and
Alzheimer’s.
Vitamin B12 deficiency causes fatigue. A small trial reported that even some people who
are not deficient in B12 showed a marked increase in energy after vitamin B12 injections.
However, the relationship between B12 injections and the energy level of people who are
not vitamin B12-deficient has been rarely studied. Oral B12 supplements are unlikely to
achieve the same results as injectable B12, because the body has a relatively poor
absorption rate for this vitamin.
Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid): Vitamin C is an essential water-soluble vitamin that
has a wide range of functions in the human body.
One of vitamin C’s important functions is acting as an antioxidant, protecting LDL
cholesterol from oxidative damage. When LDL is damaged, the cholesterol appears to lead to
heart disease, but vitamin C acts as an important antioxidant protector of LDL. Vitamin C
may also protect against heart disease by reducing the stiffness of arteries and the
tendency of platelets to coagulate in the vein.
The antioxidant properties also protect smokers from the harmful effects of free
radicals. Small doses of vitamin C taken by nonsmokers before being exposed to smoke have
been shown to reduce the free radical damage and LDL cholesterol oxidation associated with
exposure to cigarette smoke.
Vitamin C has a range of additional functions. It is needed to make collagen, a
substance that strengthens many parts of the body, such as muscles and blood vessels, and
plays important roles in healing and as an antihistamine. Vitamin C also aids in the
formation of liver bile, which helps to detoxify alcohol and other substances. Evidence
indicates that vitamin C levels in the eye decrease with age and that vitamin C
supplements prevent this decrease, lowering the risk of developing cataracts.
Vitamin C has been reported to reduce activity of the enzyme aldose reductase, which
theoretically helps protect people with diabetes. It may also protect the body against
accumulation or retention of the toxic mineral lead. People with recurrent boils
(furunculosis) may have defects in white-blood-cell function that are correctable with
vitamin C supplementation.
Vitamin D (Cholecalciferol): Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin that helps
maintain blood levels of calcium, by increasing absorption from food and reducing urinary
calcium loss. Both functions help keep calcium in the body and therefore spare the calcium
that is stored in bones. Vitamin D may also transfer calcium from the bone to the blood,
which may actually weaken bones. Though the overall effect of vitamin D on the bones is
complicated, some vitamin D is certainly necessary for healthy bones and teeth.
Vitamin D is also produced by the human body during exposure to the ultraviolet rays of
the sun. However, seasonal changes, latitude, time of day, cloud cover, smog, and sunscreen
can all affect UV exposure. Vitamin D deficiency is more common in northern latitudes,
making vitamin D supplementation more important for residents of those areas.
Vitamin D plays a role in immunity and blood cell formation and also helps cells
differentiate—a process that may reduce the risk of cancer. From various other
studies, researchers have hypothesized that vitamin D may protect people from multiple
sclerosis, autoimmune arthritis, and juvenile diabetes. Vitamin D is also necessary to
maintain adequate blood levels of insulin. Vitamin D receptors have been found in the
pancreas, and some evidence suggests that supplements may increase insulin secretion for
some people with adult-onset diabetes.
Vitamin E (Tocopherol): Vitamin E is an antioxidant that protects cell membranes
and other fat-soluble parts of the body, such as LDL cholesterol (the “bad”
cholesterol), from damage. Several studies have reported that supplements of natural
vitamin E help reduce the risk of heart attacks.
Vitamin E also plays some role in the body’s ability to process glucose. Some
trials suggest that vitamin E may help in the prevention and treatment of diabetes.
In the last decade, the functions of vitamin E have been further clarified. In addition
to its antioxidant functions, vitamin E has now been shown to directly affect
inflammation, blood cell regulation, connective tissue growth, and genetic control of cell
division.
Vitamin K (Phylloquinone): Vitamin K is necessary for proper bone growth and
blood coagulation. Vitamin K accomplishes this by helping the body transport calcium.
Vitamin K is used to treat overdoses of the drug warfarin. Also, doctors prescribe vitamin
K to prevent excessive bleeding in people taking warfarin but requiring surgery.
There is some evidence that vitamin K2 (menadione), not vitamin K1 (phylloquinone;
phytonadione), may improve a group of blood disorders known as myelodysplastic syndromes
(MDS). These syndromes carry a dramatically increased risk of developing acute myeloid
leukemia. Comprehensive trials of K2 for MDS are needed to confirm these auspicious early
results.
...
Xylitol: See Sugar Alcohol.
...
Zinc: Zinc is an essential mineral with a wide variety of
functions within the human body. Zinc is a component of over 300 enzymes needed to repair
wounds, maintain fertility in adults and growth in children, synthesize protein, help
cells reproduce, preserve vision, boost immunity, and protect against free radicals, among
other functions.In some trials, zinc lozenges have reduced the duration of colds in
adults, though they have not been demonstrated to be effective in children. The ability of
zinc to shorten colds may be due to a direct, localized antiviral action in the throat. A
small, preliminary trial has also shown zinc sulfate to be effective for contact
dermatitis, a skin rash caused by contact with an allergen or irritant.
Zinc can reduce the body’s ability to utilize copper, another essential mineral.
The ability to interfere with copper makes zinc an important therapy for people with
Wilson’s disease, a genetic condition that causes copper overload. In healthy
individuals, however, this effect is best offset by copper supplementation.
Back to top
Around The Web
copycopycopycopy
Become our Fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Find recipes with this ingredient or dishes thatgo with this food on Self.com. Search for:
you might also like
Recipe Finder
Contact Us
Site Map
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
CAREERS
CONDÉ NAST STORE
REPRINTS/PERMISSIONS
Condé Nast Digital
For more great recipes & food news, visit:
Bon Appétit
Self
Epicurious
ZipList
Subscribe to a magazine:
Subscribe to a magazine:
View Special Offers
View All Titles
------------
Allure
Architectural Digest
Bon Appétit
Brides
Condé Nast Traveler
Details
GQ
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
Lucky
Self
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
W
Wired
View our sister sites:
Condé Nast Web sites:
Allure
Architectural Digest
Ars Technica
Bon Appétit
Brides.com
Condé Nast
Traveler
Concierge.com
Details
Epicurious
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
GQ
Hotel Chatter
Jaunted
Lucky
Reddit
Self
Style.com
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
Webmonkey
Wired.com
W
© 2018 Condé Nast. All rights reserved.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our
User Agreement (updated 5/25/18)
and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
(updated 5/25/18).
Your California Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Self NutritionData method and system is covered by U.S. Patent No. 7,620,531.
Ad Choices