http://www.nutritiondata.com/help/estimated-glycemic-load
in
All food categories
Cereal Grains and Pasta
Breakfast Cereals
Baked Products
Vegetables and Vegetable Products
Fruits and Fruit Juices
Nut and Seed Products
Legumes and Legume Products
Finfish and Shellfish Products
Poultry Products
Beef Products
Pork Products
Lamb, Veal, and Game Products
Sausages and Luncheon Meats
Dairy and Egg Products
Soups, Sauces, and Gravies
Fats and Oils
Snacks
Sweets
Spices and Herbs
Beverages
Baby Foods
Ethnic Foods
Meals, Entrees, and Sidedishes
Fast Foods, generic
Foods from A&W
Foods from Arby's
Foods from Back Yard Burgers
Foods from Blimpie
Foods from Burger King
Foods from Carl's Jr.
Foods from Chick-fil-A
Foods from Cold Stone Creamery
Foods from Culver's
Foods from Dairy Queen
Foods from Del Taco
Foods from Dippin' Dots
Foods from Domino's
Foods from Donatos
Foods from Hardee's
Foods from In-N-Out Burger
Foods from Jamba Juice
Foods from KFC
Foods from Krispy Kreme
Foods from Krystal
Foods from Long John Silver's
Foods from McDonald's
Foods from Papa John's
Foods from Papa Murphy's
Foods from Pizza Hut
Foods from Rubio's
Foods from Sbarro
Foods from Starbucks
Foods from Subway
Foods from Taco Bell
Foods from TCBY
Foods from Teriyaki Stix
Foods from Wendy's
Foods from White Castle
Foods from Wienerschnitzel
Home
Tools
Compare Foods
Custom Entry Tool
Nutrient Search Tool
Caloric Ratio Search
Nutritional Target Map Search
Daily Needs Calculator
Topics
Better Choices Diet
Glycemic Index
Fullness Factor
Fatty Acids
Food Additives
Effects of Processing Food
My ND
My Foods
My Recipes
My Tracking
My Preferences
My Profile
Recipe Finder
Food
Recipes
Fitness
Health
Subscribe to Self
Help
Quick Start
Search Tips
My ND Help
Compare Foods Help
Nutrition Facts Help
Caloric Ratio Pyramid
Nutrient Balance Indicator
Nutritional Target Map
Estimated Glycemic Load
Nutrition Glossary
Frequently Asked Questions
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
About ND
Estimated Glycemic Load™
Nutrition Data's Estimated Glycemic Load (eGL)™ predicts a food's Glycemic Load, even when its Glycemic Index is unknown.
Understanding Glycemic Load
Limitations to Glycemic Load's Use
Extending Glycemic Load with Estimated Values
Estimated Glycemic Load (eGL)™ on Nutrition Data
Understanding Glycemic Load
The Glycemic Load is the most practical way to apply the Glycemic Index to dieting, and is easily calculated by multiplying a food's Glycemic Index (as a percentage) by the number of net carbohydrates in a given serving. Glycemic Load gives a relative indication of how much that serving of food is likely to increase your blood-sugar levels.
GL = GI/100 x Net Carbs(Net Carbs are equal to the Total Carbohydrates minus Dietary Fiber)
As a rule of thumb, most nutritional experts consider Glycemic Loads below 10 to be "low," and Glycemic Loads above 20 to be "high." Because Glycemic Load is related to the food's effect on blood sugar, low Glycemic Load meals are often recommended for diabetic control and weight loss.
Note: For a more extensive discussion of Glycemic Index and Glycemic Load, please see ND's Glycemic Index page.
Limitations to Glycemic Load's Use
To calculate Glycemic Load, you must first determine the food's Glycemic Index (GI), which can only be done via human testing. GI testing is relatively expensive and very time-consuming. Human test subjects are required, and only a limited number of laboratories currently perform these tests. Consequently, GI data is only available for a very small percentage of the foods that we consume.
The most prolific GI testing laboratory is based in Australia, so a large portion of the currently tested foods are of Australian origin. This further limits the usability of the data, because some of the tested foods do not have equivalent forms in the U.S. or other parts of the world.
To make matters worse, food manufacturers are creating new food products at a much faster rate than GI testing can be performed. Each year, tens of thousands of new packaged-food items are added to grocery shelves, but only a few hundred foods are tested for GI. Because of this, it's doubtful that we'll ever reach a point in time where GI is known for all foods.
In addition to these limitations, there is no recognized method for accurately determining GI for recipes, other than to submit the prepared recipe for the previously described human tests. The consequence of this is that a chef or home cook has no practical way to determine the Glycemic Index or Glycemic Load for any of his own creations.
Clearly, what is needed is a way to estimate Glycemic Load when Glycemic Index is unknown.
Back to top
Extending Glycemic Load with Estimated Values
By doing a multivariate analysis on the existing glycemic data, Nutrition Data was able to create a mathematical formula that estimates Glycemic Load by comparing the food's levels of commonly known nutrients. This formula was not intended to completely replace traditional Glycemic Load calculations, but it does produce a reasonable estimation when a food's Glycemic Index is unknown.
Below is a graph that displays a comparison between actual and estimated Glycemic Loads for over 200 common carbohydrate-containing foods.
DiscussionIn the above graph, each blue diamond represents the measured Glycemic Load for a particular food. The black line represents the Estimated Glycemic Load (eGL)™ produced by Nutrition Data's mathematical formula. For this study, Glycemic data was taken from the International table of glycemic index and glycemic load values: 2002 for those foods that could most reliably be matched to existing entries in Nutrition Data's database. For each food considered by this study, Nutrition Data used a serving size of 100 grams. The mean GL for foods in this study was 20.8, and the resulting eGL formula had a standard error of 5.5.Benefits of eGLThe average diet contains many foods for which Glycemic Index values have not yet been determined. By using eGL to estimate Glycemic Loads for these foods, you receive more complete dietary feedback than if the effects of such foods were simply ignored.
Back to top
Estimated Glycemic Load (eGL)™ on Nutrition Data
Estimated Glycemic Loads appear on Nutrition Data's Nutrition Facts pages, and have a format similar to the example on the right:
The Estimated Glycemic Load was approximated by comparing this food's nutrient profile to that of similar foods for which glycemic values have been measured.
Because Glycemic Load is dependent on serving size, you'll see the eGL value change if you change the serving size in the Serving Size drop-down at the top of the Nutrition Facts page.
A composite eGL is also included on your My Tracking report. This composite eGL is the sum of eGLs for all foods in your running total, and provides feedback for diets that recommend limiting total daily Glycemic Load.
Note: For more information on the Glycemic Index values generated at the University of Sydney, Australia,
please see GlycemicIndex.com.
Back to top
Around The Web
copycopycopycopy
Become our Fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Find recipes with this ingredient or dishes thatgo with this food on Self.com. Search for:
you might also like
Recipe Finder
Contact Us
Site Map
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
CAREERS
CONDÉ NAST STORE
REPRINTS/PERMISSIONS
Condé Nast Digital
For more great recipes & food news, visit:
Bon Appétit
Self
Epicurious
ZipList
Subscribe to a magazine:
Subscribe to a magazine:
View Special Offers
View All Titles
------------
Allure
Architectural Digest
Bon Appétit
Brides
Condé Nast Traveler
Details
GQ
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
Lucky
Self
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
W
Wired
View our sister sites:
Condé Nast Web sites:
Allure
Architectural Digest
Ars Technica
Bon Appétit
Brides.com
Condé Nast
Traveler
Concierge.com
Details
Epicurious
Glamour
Golf Digest
Golf World
GQ
Hotel Chatter
Jaunted
Lucky
Reddit
Self
Style.com
Teen Vogue
The New Yorker
Vanity Fair
Vogue
Webmonkey
Wired.com
W
© 2018 Condé Nast. All rights reserved.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our
User Agreement (updated 5/25/18)
and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
(updated 5/25/18).
Your California Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Self NutritionData method and system is covered by U.S. Patent No. 7,620,531.
Ad Choices