http://www.diabeticfoot.nl/terms-and-conditions/
Legal Disclaimer - Diabetic Foot
Home
About
Symposium profile
Who should attend?
Past ISDF
2015
2019
Contact
Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
This Internet website (“site”) and all its content is owned or controlled by the association which is presiding International Symposium on the Diabetic Foot (Foundation 8th International Symposium on the Diabetic Foot (diabeticfoot.nl)) and is protected by intellectual property rights. The use of this site is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Legal Disclaimer.
The association which is presiding International Symposium on the Diabetic Foot (Foundation 8th International Symposium on the Diabetic Foot) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and that it complies with its obligations under the Law. Our Privacy and Cookies Policy, also set forth in this Legal Disclaimer, explains how we will treat any personal information that you provide to us when you use this site. It also outlines how we use internet cookies and some of the security measures that we take in order to protect your privacy, as well as giving certain assurances on things we will not do.
The information we collect and how we use it
The simple access to our site does not imply the collection of personal information.
However, when you register on our site, we collect information about you and your organisation such as your name or company name, address, job title, e-mail address and phone number. We gather this information to allow us to process your registration. Additionally, and upon your consent we may also use your information to send institutional communications, as well as to develop and improve our services. We may use aggregated information for the purposes of tracking the usage of the site and in order to help us develop and improve the site. We may pass this information to third parties, such as data processors under any data processing contracts in place (including application developers and maintenance service providers, IT providers, marketing and communications agencies or to the relevant authorities pursuant to the law). We may also transfer data to entities located in third countries (i.e. outside the European Union or the Economic European Area) for the purposes identified above. In such case, we assure that we have implemented the appropriate or suitable safeguards under the applicable law.
The aggregated information and statistics will not, however, include details that can be used to identify you.
You have the right to request access to the personal data in an identifiable form and the right to request changes to any information that is not correct or incomplete. You may also request the elimination or limitation of your personal data. In order to do so, please contact us at diabeticfoot@congressbydesign.com. You also have the right to submit a complaint to a European data protection authority regarding the processing of your data.
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a small text file that identifies your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Cookies are not used to collect any personal information.
You have the opportunity to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The way in which you do this depends upon the web browser that you use. Please refer to the “Help” function for your browser. If you accept cookies, they may remain on your computer for many years, unless you delete them. Please note that turning off cookies may limit your use of websites in general. Here’s a list of the main cookies we use, and what we use them for:
The cookies we use
PHPSESSID This cookie is essential and allows our site to respond to any action that runs the site such as completing an inquiry form. The site does not work properly if this cookie is not used.xms_user this cookie is used by back-office users.__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz Cookies starting with “__utm” allow the function of the analysis software (analytics). This software helps analyze our site visitors and provides anonymous information, such as browsers used, returning visitors and response to marketing activities. This information helps us improve the site and your online experience.__atuvc The cookie __atuvc is created and read by site’s JavaScript that allows to share content on social networks “AddThis”.GOOGLE MAPS SID, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, HSID, NID, PREF Cookies used by Google to save the settings used in the creation of the maps used by google.
Control of cookies
Web browsers allow you to exercise some control of cookies through the browser settings. Most browsers enable you to block cookies or to block cookies from particular sites. Browsers can also help you to delete cookies when you close your browser. You should note however, that this may mean that any opt-outs or preferences you set on the site will be lost. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org which includes information on how to manage your settings for the major browser providers.
Google Analytics browser opt-out
To provide website visitors with more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google have developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services. Learn more about the Google Analytics Opt-out Brower Add-on.
Intellectual Property
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes, trade dress and products in this site are protected by intellectual property rights. No use of any of these or copies may be made without the prior, written authorization of the owners of this site.
Security
This site took the necessary and reasonable measures to protect personal data provided by you on the site and to protect such data or information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or destruction. Nevertheless, users should keep in mind that collection and circulation of data through Internet is not totally secure or error-free, therefore there is a risk of your personal data may be seen and used by non-authorized third parties.
This site may contain links or references to other Websites, to which this Privacy Policy is not applicable. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Website users visit.
Your acceptance of these terms
If we change our privacy or cookie policy in any way, these changes will be posted on this site.
The users shall frequently verify this Legal Disclaimer, especially before providing any personal data or information that may identify you.
Hosting provider RM Web Services (RMWS)
RMWS is the hosting provider of the website diabeticfoot.nl. RMWS manages multiple servers running the websites of its customers. In all cases RMWS has access to the website files, databases and e-mail of its customers.
A daily backup is made of all WordPress websites. In addition, copies of these websites are made for the execution of updates, tests and development work. Log-files are also maintained per website and per server. The IP addresses are used for authorization, anti-fraud and security.
The information that RMWS shares with third parties is the NAW data for domain registrations and ssl certificates.
Backups are stored for up to 30 days, are encrypted and only accessible to employees of RMWS.
The log files are stored for up to 30 days and are only accessible to employees of RMWS.
Symposium Organisation
Congress by design
P.O. Box 77
3480 DB Harmelen
The Netherlands
E: diabeticfoot@congressbydesign.com
T: + 31 88 0898101
Copyright © Congress by design
Legal Disclaimer
Powered by RM Web Services