http://www.vaidya4u.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Vaidya4u has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to internet privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all non-excluded web sites owned and operated by Saswat Health Care Pvt. Ltd., These web sites include, but may not be limited to, the following primary domains:
http://www.vaidya4u.com
Environment Variables
We may record your environment variables, such as your IP address, host name, browser type, operating system, etc., to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. This information may be used to help identify you and your shopping cart, track referrals, prevent or report incidents of credit card fraud, or for other purposes deemed reasonable and necessary.
Cookies
Our sites may use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, to personalize our web sites to suit your tastes, to track referral information, and for other purposes.
Registration and Order Forms
Site registration and/or order forms may require users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and to fulfill delivery of ordered products and services. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users’ qualifications for registration and to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Potentially sensitive information (e.g., credit card numbers) is collected through secure server connections. Some of this information may be e-mailed to representatives or agents. This e-mail is generally not encrypted. As such, there is a remote possibility that the information could be intercepted by third parties.
Vaidya4u believes that e-mail transmission of sensitive information is at least as secure as normal and customary non-internet transactions. Visitors always have the option to provide this information in an alternative format.
Third Party Access to Information
Some information may be shared with third-party companies. Only such information as is necessary in order to process payments, and to fulfill product and service delivery requirements will be provided to third-parties.
Vaidya4u will comply with any subpoena or summons issued by any federal, state, or local law enforcement or judicial agencies for information. We may voluntarily provide unsolicited information to appropriate authorities if we believe the information is relevant to a criminal investigation. Unless clearly and specifically stated at the point the information is gathered, we will not sell, give away, or otherwise share information about you for any purpose other than the purposes mentioned in this document.
Our web sites may contains links to other sites.
Vaidya4u is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
Our sites may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
Our sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. These measures include the use of secure servers to collect the information, encrypted databases, storage of the information in non-public areas of the servers, and other measures as deemed reasonable and necessary.
Supplementation Information
Our sites may supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our sites give users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to info@vaidya4u.com
You can send postal mail to the address which appears at the end of this document.
You can call us at the phone number which appears at the end of this document.
Correct/Update Information
Our sites give users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
E-mail info@vaidya4u.com
Send postal mail to the address which appears at the end of this document.
Call us at the phone number which appears at the end of this document.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our sites, or your dealings with any of our web sites, you can contact us at:
Saswat Health Care Pvt. Ltd.,
Opp Pappu Hospital,
Wender Cross Road,
Anand,
Gujarat – India. info@vaidya4u.com
Home
About Ayurveda
Classification
Origin
Branches
Principles
Remedies
Kapha
Vatta
Pitta
Diet Planing
Kapha
Pitta
Vatta
Vaidya Consulting
Contact Us
Your Body Type
Characteristics
Doshic Imbalances
Random PickPradaraMenorrhagia
Glossary
FAQ
Links
News
Vaidya Family Tree
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
K.K.SHUDDH AYURVEDIC PHARMACY
+91-2694-290208
| +91-2694-326556
info@kksap.com