http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/hearing-aids/batteries
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
12
www.HealthyHearing.com
Hearing aid with battery door open
Like any technological device, hearing aids run on batteries. Traditionally, most hearing aids used tiny "button" batteries that wearers had to change every few days to weeks. Now, though, many hearing aid models come with rechargeable batteries. When choosing a hearing aid, it's a good idea to think through which battery type works best for you.
Two main types of hearing aid batteries
Rechargeable batteries
Rechargeable hearing aids can be docked
overnight. (Image courtesy Oticon.)
Many of the latest hearing aid models come with rechargeable lithium-ion batteries. These batteries are usually recharged at night, when a hearing aid wearer takes out their hearing aids to sleep. So far, rechargeable batteries are generally only available for behind-the-ear styles of hearing aids. Rechargeable hearing aid brands on the market from manufacturers in 2019 included:
Oticon Opn S, Ruby and Play
Phonak Audeo Marvel, Bolero, Naida and Sky
Starkey Livio AI
ReSound LiNX Quattro
Widex Fusion2
More: Pros and cons of hearing aids with rechargeable batteries
Standard disposable batteries
Button batteries like these are commonly
used in hearing aids.
Zinc-air button disposable batteries, also known as "button batteries," are the other common option. Because zinc-air batteries are air-activated, a factory-sealed sticker allows them to remain inactive until it is removed. Once peeled from the back of the battery, oxygen will interact with the zinc in the battery and “turn it on.” To get the best performance from a zinc-air battery, wait about one minute after removing the sticker to fully activate before placing it in the hearing device. Replacing the sticker will not deactivate the battery, so once the sticker is removed, the battery will remain in an active state until the power is drained.
Zinc-air batteries remain stable for up to three years when stored in a room temperature, dry environment. Storing zinc-air batteries in the refrigerator has no benefits and could cause condensation to form under the sticker, which could reduce battery life prematurely. Traditionally hearing aid batteries were produced using trace amounts of mercury to assist with conductivity and stabilize internal components, but mercury is no longer used in hearing aid batteries.
(Key: BTE=behind the ear, ITE=in the ear, RITE=receiver in the ear; ITC=in the canal; CIC=completely in the canal.)
Sizes of disposable hearing aid batteries
Hearing aids come in many different sizes and styles and with different power needs. Larger hearing aids require larger batteries. Additionally, hearing aids for people with severe or profound hearing loss typically require more power and larger batteries.
There are five sizes of hearing aid batteries available on the market. The sizes from smallest to largest are: 5, 10, 312, 13 and 675. Size 5 hearing aid batteries are rarely used. The four most common hearing aid battery sizes are all smaller than the diameter of a dime:
Size 10 - 5.8 mm wide by 3.6 mm high
Size 312 - 7.9 mm wide by 3.6 mm high
Size 13 - 7.9 mm wide by 5.4 mm high
Size 675 - 11.6 mm wide by 5.4 mm high
Color-coding for disposable hearing aid batteries
Because size differences may be hard to notice and difficult to remember, battery packaging is color-coded so finding and purchasing the correct ones is easier.
Size 10 batteries - yellow
Size 312 batteries - brown
Size 13 batteries - orange
Size 675 batteries - blue
Battery life for hearing aid batteries
Non-rechargeable hearing aid batteries can last anywhere from five to 14 days, based on a 16-hour day of wear. This is dependent upon the size of the battery and power needed by the hearing aid. Typically, smaller batteries have shorter battery life than larger ones.
The average lifespan of hearing aid batteries is as follows:
Size 10 - three to seven days
Size 312 - three to 10 days
Size 13 - six to 14 days
Size 675 - nine to 20 days
If you are experiencing shortened battery life, there may be an issue with the hearing device. In this case, you should consult your user manual or contact your hearing healthcare professional to make sure everything is working properly.
How to extend the life of a hearing aid battery
While there aren’t any foolproof ways to extend non-rechargeable battery life, these tips will ensure the power isn’t being wasted.
Turn the hearing devices off when not in use and leave the battery compartment door open overnight. Not only will this help keep battery power from being wasted, it will allow any moisture that has built up from the day's use to evaporate overnight.
To get optimal performance from your batteries, always store them at room temperature. Heat exposure and humid environments such as a bathroom will shorten battery life. Also, batteries shouldn’t be carried loose in pockets, a purse or a backpack where they might come into contact with other metal objects like coins or keys that can short-circuit the hearing aid batteries.
More: How to get the most from your hearing aid batteries
Hearing aid battery brands
Common manufacturers of non-rechargeable hearing aid batteries include Rayovac and Energizer. However, many hearing aid manufacturers sell batteries wholesale to hearing care professionals, and the batteries may carry the brand name of that hearing aid manufacturer.
Another common practice is private labeling of batteries. This means the hearing care professional may purchase batteries wholesale and have them labeled with the name, address, phone number and logo associated with their office.
Regardless of the branding, most hearing aid batteries are made by trusted companies that produce other types of batteries for all types of electronics.
Hearing aid battery safety
According to the National Capital Poison Control Center, more than 3,500 Americans of all ages swallow disposable button batteries every year. If this happens to a person or pet in your home, seek medical attention immediately.
More: Hearing aid battery safety and disposal
Where to purchase hearing aid batteries
Batteries are typically available in mass retail stores, pharmacies, grocery stores, electronics stores and through online retailers.
You might also choose to purchase batteries through a hearing aid center near you. Because hearing care providers go through their stock of batteries quickly, many wearers feel they are getting fresher batteries. Also, if you forget what battery size you need for your particular device, the hearing healthcare professional will ensure you are purchasing the correct one.
Additionally, it’s worth asking if your hearing health practitioner offers any kind of battery club or discount program. These programs can save you money on your battery purchases and, in some cases, you can request the batteries be sent directly to you saving you a trip to the office.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Hearing aids / Batteries
Related topics
Health benefits Types and styles Technology Wireless Bluetooth Fitting Reviews and comparisons Prices Insurance & financial assistance Medicare AARP hearing care program VA Cleaning Repairs Accessories Children Cochlear implants Bone-anchored hearing systems Used hearing aids Hearing aid manufacturers
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aid brands, assistive devices and tinnitus.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Are hearing aids waterproof?
Living with mild hearing loss
Why you don’t wear your hearing aids (and why you should)
Why two hearing aids are better than one
7 tips for getting used to your new hearing aids
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Accessories
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!