https://www.sleepassociation.org/about-asa/terms-use/
Home - About ASA - Terms of Use and Conditions, Privacy PolicyTerms of Use and Conditions, Privacy PolicyMay 1st, 2020
Introduction
American Sleep Association LLC, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“ASA,” “Company,” “we” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes our practices for using, disclosing, and protecting the information that we may collect when you access or use the website, https://www.sleepassociation.org/, (“Website”) and other digital services, including, for example associated websites, mobile applications and platforms, provided by us in connection with the Website (collectively, the “Services”), as well as your rights with respect to your Personal Information. Personal Information is any information that could reasonably be used, directly or indirectly, to contact or identify you; it does not include information that is considered anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated by applicable law.
This Policy is incorporated into and made part of our Terms of Service (“Terms”). If you do not understand our Policy, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below. By accessing or using our Services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Services, including the following information:
Personal Identifiers, including your name, username, password, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, IP address;
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, including, for example, your age;
Commercial information, including information relating to products or services purchased and customer service history, and records, payment card information, and copies of your correspondence;
Medical and biometric Information, including information about your physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics that you may provide to us;
Internet or other similar network activity, including browsing history, search history, and your interaction with the Services;
Geolocation data;
Sensory data, including electronic, olfactory, or similar information from connected devices; and
Inferencesdrawn from other information, including, for example, preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may collect the categories of Personal Information listed above in the following manner:
Directly from you when you provide it to us. For example, when you register for an account, take a survey, contact customer service, or download an application, we may collect information including your full name, mobile phone number, your email address and the email address of your contacts, home and business postal addresses, username, password, certain health information.
When you share the information with others. We may collect Personal Information when you share your information or communicate with others using our Services. Whether you choose to disclose certain information is your discretion. Any information you choose to provide or upload to the Services may be visible to our business partners, as well as our respective service providers, who assist us in providing the Services. As your information will be viewable to the other users of the Services, you should provide only the information you feel comfortable disclosing.
From third parties. We may collect your information from sources other than you, such as public databases, providers of demographic information, joint marketing partners, our service providers, and other parties.
Automatically as you navigate through the Services. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. We may combine information collected through means such as cookies or third-party analytics tools with other Personal Information we maintained.  For more information about how we use these tools, please see the section titled, Data Collection Technologies, below.
Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies, including anti-virus software, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including details of your visits to our Services, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data, and the resources that you access and use on the Services, as well as information about your computer, devices, and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies(or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website or App may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Services are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Services. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information,” below.
We also use site analytics providers which may set cookies in your browser. For example, we partner with Google Analytics, which uses Cookies to track your interactions with our Services. Google then collects that information and reports it back to us. This information helps us improve our Services so that we can better serve users like you. For more information on Google Analytics, visit https://support.google.com/analytics.
Do Track Signals
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature (“DNT”) that signals to the websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. We do not currently respond to web browser DNT signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across the networks of websites and online services in which we participate. For more information, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
How We Use Your Information
We may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, for the following business purposes:
To enable you to use our Services, including verifying your identity when you access your account and ensure the security of your Personal Information;
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To provide you with a personalized experience on the Services;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To provide you with notices about your account or orders;
To analyze, improve and maintain the Services and for product development;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to our Services or any products or services we offer or provide through it;
For marketing purposes, including direct mail, email marketing, and mobile texting;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Services;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may combine information that we collect from you through the Services with information that we obtain from affiliated and non-affiliated third parties, and information derived for any other products or services we provide. We may also aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Services and use de- identified or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes and may also share such data with any third parties.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, as allowed by applicable law. We may disclose your Personal Information:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To our Business Partners, to provide you with the products you request through the Services.
and service providers that may perform marketing services, process secure payments, fulfill orders, optimize services, serve online behavioral advertising, send newsletters and marketing messages, support email and messaging services, and analyze information on our behalf to provide services available on the Services;
To a party to a corporate transaction, including buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of our or its assets;
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others, including the use of your information to detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions, illegal activities, and violations of our Terms.
For any other purpose disclosed by us at the time of collection or when you provide your consent. We may sell categories of your Personal Information with the following third parties for their commercial purposes or their independent uses:
Advertising and Analytics Providers. We may share information, including your device and network information, preferences, demographics, and geolocation information.
Durable Medical Equipment (“DME”) Distributors. We may share information, including your personal identifiers and contact information, with DMEs for marketing purposes.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Accessing and Correcting Your Information.You may send us an email at privacy@sleepassociation.org to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us (“User Contributions”). We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Please note, if you delete your User Contributions from the Services, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users.
Where you have elected to participate in one of our programs or services or to receive marketing communications from us, we offer you the ability to discontinue your participation or to opt out of receiving those communications in the communication itself.  Alternatively, you can contact us to opt out using the contact information found in the “Contact Us” section at the end of this Policy.
Manage Notifications.If you are using our mobile application, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt into receiving notifications from us through your device. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, you may opt out of receiving them at the device level by modifying your profile settings.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising.We may disclose your IP address to a third-party advertiser, which may result in additional personal information being disclosed to such third-party advertiser. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending us an email with your request to privacy@sleepassociation.org. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI's website.
Your California Privacy Rights
This California Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to “Consumers” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and supplements other privacy policies and notices. In the event of a conflict between any other policy, statement, or notice and this Notice, this Notice will prevail as to California Consumers and their rights under the CCPA. This Notice describes our collection, use, disclosure, and sale of California Consumers’ “Personal Information” (“PI”), as well as rights California Consumers have under the CCPA. Terms defined in the CCPA that are used in this Notice have the same meanings as in the CCPA.
Personal Information Collected. We Collect the following PI about California Consumers: (i) Identifiers/Customer Records (such as name, postal address, IP address and email address, and telephone number); (ii) Internet Usage Information (such as browsing history, search history, information regarding interactions with our websites or advertisements); (iii) Commercial Information (such as purchase history); (iv) Geolocation data (such as physical location and movement); (v) Biometric Information (such as genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics), (vi) Sensory Data (such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information), and (vii) Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
Why We Collect Personal Information. We use this information for the following Business Purposes: auditing related to consumer interactions and transactions; detecting security incidents and protecting against fraud; debugging or repair of systems; performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business; internal tech research; and quality and safety control.
Sharing of Personal Information. We may share the PI that we collect to marketing service providers and other third-party providers such as credit card processors in order to allow the Website to perform the functions requested by Consumers. We may also provide this PI to our business partners and affiliates, as well as to DME’s.
Sale of Personal Information. In certain situations, we may sell the PI to third parties. In the event that we sell your PI, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the PI of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:  "Do Not Sell My Personal Information". Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize PI sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time.
Access to Personal Information. California residents have the right to request from businesses the categories of PI collected, the specific pieces of PI collected, the categories of third parties that the PI has been shared with or sold to, and a list of PI that has been sold. This information may be requested for the 12 month period prior to the request. We will need to verify that any request for PI is legitimate before complying with such request.
Right to Deletion. California Consumers may request that we delete the PI that we have collected. Once we receive a request and verify its legitimacy, we will delete the PI; provided, that we may decline to delete your PI under certain circumstances, for example, if we need the PI to complete transactions or provide services you have requested or that are reasonably anticipated, for security purposes, for legitimate internal business purposes (including maintaining business records), to comply with law, or to exercise or defend legal claims. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information.  Note also that we are not required to delete your PI that we do not collect directly from you.
Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services, or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time
Exercising Rights under the CCPA. To exercise your California privacy rights described above, you may email us at privacy@sleepassociation.org or call us via our toll-free number: 800.940.7531. We process requests in the order in which they are received. In order to process the request, we may need to obtain information from you to verify your identity and California residency and confirm we have PI about you. Please note that the CCPA provides for certain exceptions that grant us the ability to not fulfill your request.
Shine the Light Law:California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@sleepassociation.org.
Children’s Information
The Services are not designed for, intended to track, or directed to persons under the age of eighteen (18). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information relating to persons under eighteen (18). If we learn a user of the Services is under the age of eighteen (18) and has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete that information.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you a PIN to access to certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping that PIN confidential. We ask you not to share your PIN with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Services. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services. We are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to such other organizations through or in connection with the Services.
Third Party Links and Services
The Services may contain links to other sites operated by organizations not affiliated with us. We do not review or endorse, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy published on that site. This Policy only governs information collected on our Services. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit.
Your use of any Services that are provided by a third-party may be governed by a separate privacy policy, which may establish information collection, use, or disclosure practices different from our own. We encourage you to review any other applicable privacy policy.
Note to International Users
Our Services are intended for individuals located in the United States. If you visit our Services or contact us from outside of the United States, please be advised that (1) any information you provide to us or that we automatically collect will be received in the United States and may be transferred to other jurisdictions; (2) that by using our Services or submitting information, you explicitly authorize its processing in the United States and subsequent transfers outside the United States in accordance with this Policy; and that U.S. law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy practices will be reflected in this Policy. Please note, the date this Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this Policy. If we make material changes to how we treat your Personal Information, we will notify via the contact information you have provided us, by posting a notice within the Services, or another commercially reasonable method. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting this Policy to check for any changes. Your continued use of the Services following any changes signifies your acceptance of our Policy as modified.
Contact Us
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
privacy@sleepassociation.org
or via our toll-free number:
800.940.7531
Author Recent Posts
ASA Authors & ReviewersSleep Physician at American Sleep Association Reviewers and WritersBoard-certified sleep M.D. physicians, scientists, editors and writers for ASA.
Latest posts by ASA Authors & Reviewers (see all)
Ask The Sleep Doctor: Sleep and Appearance, Sleep and Alzheimer's and Sleep and Hyperactivity - March 24, 2019
Ask The Sleep Doctor:Depression and Sleep, Sleep Apps and Sleep Apnea and Car Accidents - February 12, 2019
Ask The Sleep Doctor:Sleep Apnea in Child, Palpitations, Coffee and Sleep and more - January 18, 2019
Related posts:
Do not sell
Newsletter
Sleep Apnea Apps: The Future of Diagnosing OSA is Here
Comments
About ASAAmerican Sleep Association Partners and SponsorsBoard Members / Contributors / ReviewersContactSleep Facility StandardsTerms of Use and Conditions, Privacy PolicyPopular Sleep Topics
Deep Sleep: How to Get More of It
Reviews of the Best Sleep Apnea Equipment Cleaning Machines
Stages of Sleep: The Sleep Cycle
Best Anti-Snoring Mouth Guards, Mouthpieces, and Snoring Devices
COVID-19 and Sleep
Night Guard for Bruxism: Teeth Grinding and Clenching
CBD: For Sleep and Insomnia
7 Best Sleep Apps for iPhone & Android
Mouthpieces and Dental Devices
Top 10 Foods That Help You Sleep
American Sleep Association® ASA does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. ASA has beneficial partnerships with corporations listed at:
Terms of Use and Conditions, Privacy PolicyResourcesWhat is SleepSleep DisordersSleep TreatmentsSleep ApneaInsomniaCPAPSnoring DevicesCircadian RhythmAbout UsContact UsPress RoomSitemapFeed RSSDo Not Sell My Personal InformationJoin Our Mailing List
© 2020 American Sleep Association.
linkedin
facebook
pinterest
youtube
rss
twitter
instagram
facebook-blank
rss-blank
linkedin-blank
pinterest
youtube
twitter
instagram