http://www.childrenscentralcal.org/patients-and-families/patient-care-safety/patient-privacy
Skip to main content
Slow the spread of COVID-19. Wear a Mask.
|
Disminuya el contagio de la enfermedad COVID-19. Use una mascarilla.
Learn More
Home  /  Patients and Families  /  Patient Care & Safety  /  Patient Privacy
In this Section
Patients and Families
Plan Your VisitDirections & ParkingDiningAmenitiesHospital RoomsLocal AccommodationsTransportationGoing HomeGift ShopSend a Greeting CardVisiting Hours & GuidelinesSupport ServicesSocial ServicesFamily Resource CenterSpiritual ServicesInterpreter ServicesAutism SupportRonald McDonald HousePatient Care & SafetyYour Care TeamHelping Children CopeParent's Role in SafetyFamily Advisory CouncilPatient Rights & PrivacyHealth Tools & EducationHealth EncyclopediaClasses & EventsInjury Prevention ProgramRecords & BillingRequest Medical RecordsPaying Your BillFinancial AssistanceInsurancePatient PortalThank a Caregiver
Your Rights and Privacy
Valley Children’s Healthcare complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Valley Children’s Healthcare does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
Read the Statement of Nondiscrimination (Español | Other Languages) for more information.
Hospital Privacy Policies
The privacy of patients and their families is very important to us at Valley Children's Hospital. Valley Children's is compliant with all federal HIPAA requirements.
Below you will find links to the Hospital’s privacy policies in English and Spanish. The "General" policy applies to all hospital patients. The "Employee Services" policy applies to employees who receive treatment in our on-site clinic. If you have any questions, please call our Privacy Officer at (559) 353-5660.
Patient Privacy - English
Patient Privacy - Español
Patient Privacy - Hmong
Patient Bill of Rights
Download the Patients' Rights brochure in English and Español.
A Child’s Bill of Rights
As a Patient of Valley Children's Hospital, I have the right:
I have the right to be called by my name and not by a number or illness.
I have the right to be greeted with a smile and treated with loving care.
I have the right to know the names of my doctors, nurses and helpers who will take care of me.
I have the right to have everyone who visits me knock on my door before coming into my room.
I have the right to have doctors and nurses explain why they are in my room.
I have the right to be told if something might hurt, sting or pinch me.
I have the right to be a part of the plan that will make me feel better and help me go home.
I have the right to be cared for in the best and safest way possible.
I have the right to have doctors and nurses listen to me about how I feel.
I have the right to be cared for the same way no matter what!
I have the right to not have nurses or doctors talk about me as if I’m not there.
I have the right to have a say in what makes me comfortable like food, my bed and lights.
General Questions or Comments
About Medical Questions - If at any time you have urgent medical questions, please contact your primary physician, call 911 or go to your local emergency room. We cannot diagnose or treat by e-mail. Providing personal health information through this website is not secure over the Internet so please do not share personal information. Valley Children’s and our physician group wishes to maintain privacy and uphold the highest quality standards.
For comments or questions not related to medical advice, we would like to be able to respond to your email. However, if you include personal health information, we will need to send a response that is encrypted. You will still be able to view the response, but you will have to set up a secure user name and password. We take these precautions to protect you and your child’s personal health information. Please also provide the best contact information, including a telephone number, so we can contact you.
Please review our Patient Rights & Privacy Policy for more information.
General questions or comments can be directed to (559) 353-3000 or contactus@valleychildrens.org.
Patient Questions or Concerns
In the event that any of our customers have concerns about patient care and/or safety in the organization, Valley Children’s encourages them to contact the Patient Representative at (559) 353-5425 to request assistance.
Joint Commission Public Notice
The Joint Commission (TJC) has an unannounced survey process for hospital accreditation. The purpose of the survey is to evaluate the organization's compliance with nationally established Joint Commission standards. The Joint Commission standards focus on patient safety and quality of care.
If you would like to contact the Joint Commission to express concerns regarding quality and patient safety, you may contact them at:
Office of Quality Monitoring
The Joint Commission
One Renaissance Boulevard
Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181
Phone: 800-994-6610
Fax: 630-792-5636
Submit a complaint online at complaint@jointcommission.org.
If you have additional questions or comments, you may also contact the following agencies:
California Department of Public Health
(855) 804-4205
CDPH_LNC_SFS@cdph.ca.gov
Office for Civil Rights, Region IX
907th Street, Suite 4-100
San Francisco, CA 94103
(415) 437-8310
The Medical Board of California
2005 Evergreen Street, Suite 1200
Sacramento, CA 95815
(800) 633-2322
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
You usually can visit the Site without submitting any information about yourself.  However, when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter personal information such as your name and email address. We do not share this information with any other partners, affiliates or members of Valley Children’s Healthcare or with any outside organization.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase or donation, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or surf the website.
Log File Data
We may collect aggregated information about site traffic and server load. We use this information to maintain and improve our Web site. We may store IP addresses and host names for auditing and security purposes.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page Users are able to change their personal information by logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at  contactus@valleychildrens.org.
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.valleychildrens.org
9300 Valley Children's Place
Madera, CA 93636-8762
United States
privacyofficer@valleychildrens.org
Last Edited on 7-16-2018
Copyright 2020 Valley Children's Healthcare | Sitemap | Your Rights and Privacy
Top