http://www.hammondhenry.com/online-privacy
Online Privacy
Online PrivacyHammond-Henry Hospital is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Hammond-Henry Hospital Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Hammond-Henry Hospital website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Hammond-Henry Hospital collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Hammond-Henry Hospital also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Hammond-Henry Hospital. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Hammond-Henry Hospital for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hammond-Henry Hospital Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Hammond-Henry Hospital public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Hammond-Henry Hospital does not read any of your private online communications.
Hammond-Henry Hospital encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Hammond-Henry Hospital so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Hammond-Henry Hospital is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Hammond-Henry Hospital and Hammond-Henry Hospital family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Hammond-Henry Hospital collects and uses your personal information to operate the Hammond-Henry Hospital Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Hammond-Henry Hospital also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hammond-Henry Hospital and its affiliates. Hammond-Henry Hospital may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Hammond-Henry Hospital does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Hammond-Henry Hospital may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Hammond-Henry Hospital may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Hammond-Henry Hospital, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Hammond-Henry Hospital does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Hammond-Henry Hospital keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Hammond-Henry Hospital, in order to determine what Hammond-Henry Hospital services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hammond-Henry Hospital to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Hammond-Henry Hospital Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Hammond-Henry Hospital or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hammond-Henry Hospital; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hammond-Henry Hospital, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Hammond-Henry Hospital Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hammond-Henry Hospital pages, or register with Hammond-Henry Hospital site or services, a cookie helps Hammond-Henry Hospital to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hammond-Henry Hospital Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hammond-Henry Hospital features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Hammond-Henry Hospital services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Hammond-Henry Hospital secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Hammond-Henry Hospital secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Hammond-Henry Hospital will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Hammond-Henry Hospital encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Hammond-Henry Hospital is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Hammond-Henry Hospital welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hammond-Henry Hospital has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Hammond-Henry Hospital at hhh@hammondhenry.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.