http://www.lalasercenter.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the information that we, Skin And Cancer Institute (formerly Skin And Cancer Institute), may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our website, https://www.skinandcancerinstitute.com, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our website, as well as which of our web pages you have accessed. Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our website or our services, we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication and may contact you. Information Use We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating and improving our services and website, fulfilling requests for information and providing customer support. Security We take measures to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Cookies We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Sharing We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing. We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company Protect and defend the rights or property of our website and related properties Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our website or its related properties Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Links This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Consent By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via mail: Skin And Cancer Institute, ATTN: Privacy Officer, 10884 Santa Monica Blvd., 3rd Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90025.
We are here to help
Call us to speak to a member of our patient service center today! Call @ (888) 993-3761
Book an Appointment Online. Schedule now