https://www.headlice.org/comb/privacy-policy/
Menu Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Helpful Info
Head Lice Removal
FAQs
NPA’s No Nit Policy
The Deceptive Dozen
Chemical Concerns
Do It 4 the Kids
Just for Kids
Lice Removal Products
Resources
Louse and Disease
In the Press
All Articles
Press Releases
Human Louse and Disease
Classic Articles
About Us
Contact Us
Search
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
The NPA website uses appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally-identifiable information from site visitors or those who register for NPA information and resources.  The NPA does not sell its lists or provide personal identifiers at any time.
When you use the forms on HeadLice.Org, your e-mail address may be added to NPA’s own electronic mailing list so that, from time to time, the NPA can send you information and announcements.  The NPA may provide statistical information collected from its website to its own Scientific Advisory Committee, government agencies such as FDA MedWatch, and Centers for Disease Control for the purpose of our mission to protect the public health.
Primary SidebarSearch this website
Head Lice Quotes
FooterNational Pediculosis Association,® Inc.
National Pediculosis Association Mission Statement
The NPA is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated since 1983 to protecting children, their families and their environment from the misuse and abuse of prescription and over-the-counter pesticide treatments for lice and scabies.
Pediculosis (the medical term for an infestation of lice) provides a public health opportunity to teach important lessons about communicable disease preparedness, responsible personal behaviors, environmental health, and the importance of learning about pharmaceutical remedies before using them on our children and ourselves.
NPA is committed to setting the highest possible public health standards for children as they relate to the communicability and treatment of head lice. NPA has been the leader in raising pediculosis as a public health priority and a pioneer in public health education and research on pediculosis.
The National Pediculosis Association,® Inc. (NPA)1005 Boylston Street / STE 343Newton, MA 02461617-905-0176 /
npa@headlice.org
Connect with us!
InstagramTwitter
About LiceMeister® Comb
The NPA developed the LiceMeister® comb in 1997 to accomplish its mission by providing a higher standard for lice combing tools and a safe, cost-effective treatment alternative to pesticides. All proceeds from sales of the LiceMeister comb allow the NPA to be self-sustaining and independent from product manufacturers while accomplishing its mission of protecting children from the misuse and abuse of pesticide treatments for lice.
Since 1997, the LiceMeister comb has been the preferred choice of many health professionals and the gold standard in combing tools for lice and nits (lice eggs). It is an FDA cleared medical device (510K) for the purposes of routine screening, early detection and removal of lice and nits, and it is the only comb to carry the name of the National Pediculosis Association.
Please see our Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and Disclaimer.Visit the Lindane Education and Research Network | Lindane.org and malathion.org.