https://www.cincinnatieye.com/conditions-treatments/conditions/corneal-ulcer/
Search for:
COVID-19 SAFETY PROTOCOL
Learn More
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
Search
Search
Contact Us
Home
About
Careers
Clinical Research
Research Volunteers for Clinical Trials
Clinical Research Team
Research Department Contact Information
Fellowship Programs
Current CEI Fellows
CEI Cornea Fellowship
CEI Glaucoma Fellowship
CEI Retina Fellowship
Introduction
Surgical Experience
Call Schedule
Rotation and Clinical Responsibilities
Salary and Benefits
Application and Interviews
Fellowship Faculty and Alumni
Testimonials
CEI Blog
CEI Doctors
Specialties
Cataract Surgery
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Diabetic Eye Care
Dry Eye Disease
Face & Eye
Glaucoma
Hearing Services
Neuro Ophthalmology
Retinal Diseases
Urgent Ophthalmology
Vision Correction Options
Patient Information
FAQs
Online Bill Pay
Financial Information
Patient Portal
Request an Appointment
HIPAA Privacy Policies
COVID-19 Safety Protocol
Referring Doctors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Telehealth Visits
Book an Appointment
Home
Corneal Diseases
/
Corneal Ulcer
Corneal Ulcer
A corneal ulcer is a painful wound on the cornea that may be the result of scratches, injury, or poor contact lens care. In addition to pain, a corneal ulcer may cause decreased vision, eye redness, light sensitivity, swelling of the eyelids, or the sensation that there is something in the eye.
Book an Appointment
Find A Doctor
Locations
Last Updated: October 28, 2020
What is a Corneal Ulcer?
The cornea is the clear layer of the frontmost part of the eye. Its role is to protect structures behind it from debris and germs. The cornea is also involved in focusing light that enters the eye, directing it toward the retina so vision can be formed. An injury or infection in the cornea can lead to an ulcer. A corneal ulcer is a medical emergency that should be treated promptly.
Symptoms Of A Corneal Ulcer
The symptoms of infection may be noticed before signs of a corneal ulcer appear. Noticing these symptoms and obtaining proper care reduces the risk of a severe corneal ulcer.
Itchy, watery eye
Redness in one or both eyes
Stinging or burning sensation
Light sensitivity
Discharge from the infected eye
Direct symptoms of a corneal ulcer may include:
Swelling in the eyelid
Excessive tearing
Soreness in the eye
Discharge from the eye
Light sensitivity
Blurry vision
Foreign body sensation or grittiness
White spot on the cornea (this may only be visible by the eye doctor)
Causes Of Corneal Ulcers
Infection is the primary cause of corneal ulcers. Infection may be caused by a virus, bacteria, or fungus such as:
Herpes simplex virus can cause herpes simplex keratitis, a condition that flares-up periodically. Open sores on the cornea may be triggered by any weakness in the immune system, by prolonged exposure to sunlight, stress, and other factors.
Acanthamoeba keratitis is a rare amoebic infection that develops due to contact lens use.
Fungal keratitis is an infection that may result from a plant-involved corneal injury (such as falling into a bush) or from immune-suppression.
Types of Corneal Ulcers
A corneal ulcer may be bacterial, fungal, or viral in nature. Testing helps us discover which type of corneal ulcer has developed.
How Are Corneal Ulcers Diagnosed?
To diagnose a corneal ulcer, a thorough consultation and medical history are conducted. An eye exam is performed and may include a fluorescein eye stain. This test inserts a drop of orange dye into the eye via a small piece of paper. A slit-lamp, which is a type of microscope, is then used to observe the cornea. Due to the dye, damage to the cornea is displayed green under violet light.
If a corneal ulcer is found during the fluorescein stain, additional tests may be performed to confirm the underlying cause.
Corneal Ulcer Treatment Options
Treatment for a corneal ulcer is prescribed based on its underlying cause. Antiviral, antifungal, or antibacterial medication is commonly prescribed to treat mild to moderate infection. Medication may be administered as eye drops and needs to be used as directed in order to clear the infection and prevent more extensive damage to the cornea. To coincide with medicated eye drops, a corticosteroid eye drop may also be prescribed to reduce inflammation around the cornea.
Severe cases of corneal ulcers may require surgery to replace the affected cornea. This is referred to as a corneal transplant. During the procedure, damaged corneal tissue is replaced with donor tissue. The Mayo Clinic reports that corneal transplant surgery is a relatively safe procedure with few risks of complication.
What Happens If A Corneal Ulcer Goes Untreated?
Corneal ulcers are viewed as a medical emergency. Without proper treatment, there is a risk of vision loss in the affected eye.
Who Is At Risk For Developing A Corneal Ulcer?
People who wear contact lenses have a slightly higher risk for corneal ulcers that those who do not. Specific risks that have been identified include:
Wearing extended-wear contact lenses
Keeping contact lenses in longer than is advisable
Wearing soft contact lenses
Exposure of contact lenses to water
Poor contact lens hygiene (including the contact lens case)
In addition to contact lens wear and care, individuals who have dry eye syndrome, a compromised immune system due to a health condition or a vitamin A deficiency also have a higher risk for corneal ulcer development.
How Long Does It Take The Eye To Heal From A Corneal Ulcer?
Prompt care is needed to heal a corneal ulcer. It is also important to strictly follow the prescribed treatment plan to adequately address inflammation and infection. With adherence to the treatment protocol, most corneal ulcers should heal in a two- to three-week period.
Schedule an Appointment
Contact us to schedule an appointment.
Contact Us
The
doctors at Cincinnati Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed the content on this site.
Call
Appointments
Search