http://www.sjhc.london.on.ca/website-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Updates
Keep up on the latest updates for patients, families and visitors.
Read more
Breadcrumb
Home
Website Privacy Statement
Website Privacy Statement
St. Joseph's Health Care London recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of visitors to our website.
St. Joseph's collects information about website visits in the following ways:
St. Joseph's Health Care London collects anonymous information about how visitors use our website. We log all web traffic and associate it with the visitor's IP address. Our primary goal for tracking this data is to improve the reliability of our website, and improve the information we provide. We do not share this information with third parties.
When completing a survey, requesting information, or submitting a form you may be asked to provide personally identifying information, such as your name or e-mail address. This information will only be used to fulfill the specific request and will not be shared with third parties unless clearly indicated.
Any requests for personal clinical or financial information will be encrypted to protect your privacy. This information will only be used to fulfill the specific request and will not be shared with third parties unless clearly indicated.
Some sections of our website may depend on the use of cookies to function properly. Cookies are used to make it possible for us to provide these services. We do not share this information with third parties unless clearly indicated.
We do not allow third parties to use cookies to track the pages that you visit on our website.
St. Joseph's Health Care London makes no guarantees as to the privacy policies of pages that we link to. External websites will always open in a new browser window to indicate the separation from St. Joseph's corporate public website.
If you have questions or concerns with any aspect of the privacy of your visit to our website or the terms and conditions, please contact us.