http://www.skally.net/ppsc/privacy.html
PPS-Central Privacy and Security Notice
This World Wide Web (WWW) site is provided as a public service.
Information we
learn about you from your visit to our website is handled as follows.
If you visit our site to read or download information we collect and store only the following information about you:
The domain from which you access the pages you visit on this site
(for example, aol.com, if you are accessing these pages from an America Online account).
The date and time you access our site.
The domain of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail containing personal information:
You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information, for example your mailing address, in an electronic
mail message requesting that information be mailed to you. Information collected in this manner is used solely for responding to requests for information.
For SITE MANAGEMENT, information from both categories is collected for statistical purposes. This system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for
such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of
most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For SITE SECURITY purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all
users, this system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
NOTICE: We want to be very clear: we will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when
you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
Post-Polio Syndrome Central
Post-Polio Syndrome Related Internet Info and Support
Resources
Search PPS-C
Contact PPS-C
Privacy Statement
What's New
Add URL
PPS-C Home
PPS Calendar
About PPS-C
PPMed Email List
Links verified
1 November 2016Please note: links outside of the main database are archival in nature and may be invalid.
All Materials on this Site are copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. Any unauthorized use of the Materials may violate copyright laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statutes. Violators may be prosecuted.