http://www.animal-allergy.com/privacy-policy
Home
– Our People
– Our Research
– News
– Contact Us
Veterinary Professionals
– Submit a Sample
– Tests & Therapies
– Animal Allergy
– Canine Allergy
– Feline Allergy
– Equine Allergy
– Adverse Food Reactions
Laboratories
Contract Research Services
Pet Owners
Login
Search:
Tel: 0800 3 047 047
Search
Home
News
Contact Us
Portal Login
Privacy Policy – Avacta Animal Health Limited
This Site is made available by Avacta Animal Health Limited (company number: 03879639), with a principal place of business at Unit 651, Street 5, Thorp Arch Estate, Wetherby, LS23 7FZ, United Kingdom – referred to in this statement as “we” or “us”. The Site is hosted for us by Westbrook Creative of 1 Wells Road, Ilkley, LS29 9JB. We can be contacted at customer.services@avacta.com or on +44 (0)1904 21 7071. Our data protection officer is Tony Gardiner who can be contacted at dataprotection@avacta.com.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and this statement summarises what personal details we may collect from you before, during or after you use our Site and what we will do with them. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
By visiting our Site or by providing us with information you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Data Protection
For the purposes of applicable data protection legislation (including the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR)), the data controller is Avacta Animal Health Limited of Unit 651, Street 5, Thorp Arch Estate, Wetherby, LS23 7FZ, United Kingdom.  As data controller we take all necessary steps to comply with the GDPR when handling personal information and we will meet our legal obligations to you in the way that we deal with that information.  We will take reasonable precautions to safeguard your personal data against loss and unauthorised disclosure or access.
What information we process
Information you give us
You may give us information about you by filling in contact forms and registering on our Site, placing orders online or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise.
Information we collect about you
When you visit our Site, we may automatically collect technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect to the Internet; information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream; and your search history on our Site.  We may also keep a record of those parts of the Site that you use most often to enable us to monitor, support, improve and develop our services and know which parts are of most interest to you.
Why we process this information
When you provide us with your information we will use it for the purposes of administering your query and responding to you. We therefore have legitimate interests in processing your personal data in this way. When you provide us information for the purpose of placing an order, we will process your data to fulfill the order and to meet our contractual obligations in relation to that order. We will be unable to do this if you do not provide us the data we require to fulfill your order.
Unless you provide your consent by ticking the opt-in box provided we will not further process your name and email address to send you marketing information that you have not requested. Any consent that you provide can be withdrawn at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” on any marketing email we send to you or emailing us at customer.services@avacta.com. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing which occurred prior to the withdrawal of consent.
We may also use your personal information:
to help us provide you with the best possible service;
to notify you about changes to the services we offer;
to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and use;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about services that my interest you or them; and
for analytical and statistical purposes
Who we disclose information to
We will take all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised access to your personal data.  We will only supply your personal identifiable information to any third party:
in order to enhance our service and the services we can offer you or where we have your consent to share the information;
where we need to share the information to provide a product or service you have requested;
where we need to send the information to persons or organisations who work on our behalf to provide a product or service to you but such persons or organisations may only use this information in order to provide such product or service and not for any other purpose;
if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store information
All information collected on this website is stored on servers owned either by us or by our trusted server providers which are held in physically secure locations and are protected by firewall and password based security measures. We will retain your information for six (6) years, after which time it will be destroyed.
The information that we collect from you may be transferred and stored at destinations outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes of the server and hosting our website and to our associated company, Avacta Animal Health, Inc. for the purposes set out above only. In order to ensure that those third parties treat your personal data in a way which is consistent with the UK and EU’s laws on data protection, we have put in place agreements with those third parties which contain certain provisions approved by the EU for protecting personal data.
Cookies
By using this Site you agree to the use of cookies. We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. They help us to improve this Site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. In particular, they enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to this Site.
We do not sell the information collected by cookies nor do we disclose information to third parties. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of this Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to this Site.
If you do not wish cookies to be stored on your browser follow these instructions:
Internet Explorer: Open the Tools menu and click Internet Options. Choose the Privacy tab and move the slider to high level of privacy. Click on the Default button if you do not see the slider.
Netscape: Open the Edit menu and choose Preferences. In the Advanced category, choose Cookies. Click the radio button Disable all cookies.
Other browsers: Refer to the relevant help menu looking under cookies, privacy or security.
Your rights
The GDPR gives you a number of rights in respect of your data, including:
Right to access
You have the right to access the information we hold about you.  If you would like a copy of this information please contact us at the above email address.  We may request proof of your identity before sharing such information.
Right to rectify your personal data
If you discover that the information we hold about you is incorrect or out of date, you may ask us to correct that information.
Right to be forgotten
You may ask us to delete information we hold about you in certain circumstances. It may not be possible for us to delete all of the information we hold about you where we have an ongoing relationship, however please contact us at the above email address and we will do our best to assist with your request.
Other rights
In addition to the above, you may also ask us to stop or restrict our processing of the information we have about you. You may also ask us to transfer your personal information to a third party in certain circumstances. If you would like any other information on these aspects of your rights, please contact us at the above email address.
What to do if you have any concerns
If you have any concerns regarding our use of your information please notify us as soon as possible – the sooner we know about it the sooner we can resolve it.  For further information, or to make a complaint, please email us at the address above.  If we cannot resolve a compliant to your satisfaction you can contact the ICO at www.ico.org.uk or by telephoning 0303 123 1113 if the complaint relates to the way your personal data has been handled.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  Any substantial changes will be notified by a prominent notice on the home page of the Site.  As a result of improvements we make to our services, changes in the law or developments in technology, we may change the information we hold about you, the method and purposes for which we process such information.  If we make any substantial change in the way in which we use your personal information we will notify you by email.
Law and Jurisdiction
Your use of the Site and this Privacy Policy is subject to the laws of England and Wales and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts regarding any disputes that may arise under it.
© 2018 All rights reserved- Avacta Animal Health Limited
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I ACCEPTPrivacy Policy