http://www.ftc.gov/site-information/website-policy
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Site Information » Website Policy
Website Policy
Secure Pages and FormsTo protect the privacy of your information, the Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption standard is required to access secure pages on FTC.gov and other FTC websites. If you receive an error message when clicking a link to a secure page or form, make sure that your browser’s security setting uses TLS. We encourage use of the latest TLS version, but our websites will support TLS 1.0 and higher.Unauthorized AccessFor site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. By using this site, you are agreeing to such security monitoring. If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, the evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.Copyright PermissionMost material on the FTC’s website is considered work of the United States Government, meaning that the material is in the public domain and is not subject to copyright restrictions (17 U.S.C. 105). The use, duplication, or redistribution of such material should be accompanied by appropriate attribution, where feasible (e.g., “Source: United States Federal Trade Commission, www.ftc.gov”). In addition, any copyrighted work that consists predominantly of material produced by the FTC or other U.S. government agency must provide notice identifying such material and stating that it is not subject to copyright protection (17 U.S.C. 403). Fraudulent or deceptive use of any FTC material is strictly prohibited, and, except where expressly authorized, no FTC endorsement or affiliation shall be stated or implied. Federal law prohibits the misuse of the seal of any department or agency of the United States, including the seal of the Federal Trade Commission. 18 U.S.C. 701. In addition, the FTC is unable to grant or deny permission for any materials that may be posted on its website containing work copyrighted in whole or part by third parties. Such material, with or without copyright markings, may occasionally be found in or included with public comments and filings, incorporated as photos or other graphics in FTC webpages or other materials prepared by our contractors, etc. Should you need copyright permission, you are solely responsible for contacting the copyright holder directly. For more information about copyright law, please visit the web site for the Library of Congress, U.S. Copyright Office, www.copyright.gov.Linking Policy and DisclaimerThis website contains hypertext links to information created and maintained by other organizations. These links are provided for your convenience. The FTC does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any information or privacy policies posted on the sites to which we link. Further, links to particular items in hypertext do not reflect their importance and should not be considered an endorsement of the organizations sponsoring the sites, the views expressed on the sites, or the products or services offered on the sites.The FTC does not authorize or prohibit links to our website, as long as they do not connote an endorsement by – or affiliation with – the FTC. Federal law and policy require the FTC to be neutral and objective; as a result, the agency does not link to commercial organizations or interest groups unless we determine that such links are appropriate and necessary to carry out authorized FTC functions. We review our website periodically for broken or out-of-date links; links may be posted, altered, or removed at any time. To report problems with links on our site, or for more information about this policy, please contact webmaster@ftc.gov.Data Quality Act (Section 515)The FTC is committed to ensuring and maximizing the quality, objectivity, utility, and integrity of information it disseminates through this Web site and by other means. To read our guidelines and correction procedures, please visit our Data Quality Act page.E-Government ActFTC's Web Publication SchedulePrivacy PolicyTo learn how the FTC handles information that we learn about consumers when consumers visit the websites we operate or contact us by mail, phone, or email, please visit our privacy policy page.Last updated: August 2018
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website PolicyWeb Publication Schedule
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC