https://www.myeloma.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
INFOLINE: 0800 980 3332
DONATE NOW
Infoline: 0800 980 3332
Office: 0131 557 3332
Understanding myeloma
Understanding myeloma
From diagnosis to common complications, here you’ll find all the information you need to help you better understand myeloma.
View Section
What is myeloma?
What causes myeloma?
Diagnosis
Symptoms & complications
Treating myeloma
Treating myeloma
Initial treatmentSupportive care treatmentsTreatment for relapsed myelomaClinical trials and novel drugs
Related conditions
Related conditions
AL amyloidosisMGUSPlasma cell leukaemiaPOEMSSmouldering myelomaSolitary plasmacytoma
Help & Support
Help & Support
We provide a number of services, support and advice to help you cope with a diagnosis and manage myeloma ongoing.
View Section
Myeloma Infoline
Ask the Nurse
Support Groups
Patient and family digital events
Living well with myeloma
Living well with myeloma
TravelRelationshipsDiet & exerciseEmotional & psychological supportFinancesPlanning ahead
Support for carers
COVID-19 information hub
Forum
Forum
Register
Fundraising & Donations
Fundraising & Donations
We use your donations and contributions to work towards finding a cure. We can also assist with your own fundraising efforts.
View Section
How your money helps
Donations
Donations
Donate monthlyDonate nowGifts in willsGiving in memoryGiving in celebrationOther ways to givePhilanthropy
Do your own fundraising
Do your own fundraising
Planning your own eventBoosting your incomeAfter your eventBecome a partnerTell us about your event
Take part in an event
Take part in an event
Running eventsWalking eventsCycling eventsChallengesTell us about your event
Lost in Lapland
Campaigns
Myeloma UK Lottery
Gift Aid explained
Research & Patient Advocacy
Research & Patient Advocacy
We work to find the best treatments and make them available, to improve patient care and, ultimately, find a cure for myeloma.
View Section
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
Myeloma UK Clinical TrialsClinical Trial Finder
Myeloma Drug Finder
Translational research programme
Health Services Research Programme
Patient and Carer Research Panel
Patient Advocacy
Advocacy Partner Panel
For Researchers
Research Advisory Group
Our Role
Our Role
We are the only organisation in the UK which deals exclusively with myeloma. Discover more about us and how we work.
View Section
Our strategy
Our impact
Our values
Our people
Our board
Our president
Our annual reports
News & Stories
News & Stories
Read the latest news and updates from Myeloma UK.
View Section
Myeloma UK News
Fundraising News
Research News
Patient Advocacy News
Patient Stories
Sign up to our e-newsletter
Myeloma UK Blog
Search
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
page
Home // Terms & Conditions Terms & Conditions
Share
Terms & Conditions
Warning
Please read these terms and conditions carefully: if you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions for use of this website, please leave this website immediately.
Important Information
Acceptance of these terms
The use of these World Wide Web pages of Myeloma UK (referred to as ” we” / “ our” / “ us”) is subject to the terms and conditions set out below.
As a user of this website (referred to as ” you” / “ your”), your use will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Changes
These Website Terms of Use contain the entire understanding between you and us in relation to use of our website and its content but we reserve the right in our sole discretion to modify, alter or otherwise update these terms and conditions and our web pages at any time without further notice and you agree to be bound by any such modifications, alterations or updates. You should check this website from time to time to review the then current version of these Website Terms of Use.
Other important legal information
For information about how we process your personal data, please read our Privacy Policy. For further information about purchasing goods or services from us, please also read our Terms And Conditions Of Sale. For information about use of our user forum, please read our User Forum Code of Conduct.
Permitted Use of this Website
Licence
The copyright in material on these web pages and the database right in this website is either owned by or licensed to us and is protected by the laws of the United Kingdom, international treaties and all other applicable intellectual property laws.
You are permitted to retrieve and display content from this website on the device from which you initially accessed or downloaded it and you may print a single copy of individual pages on paper, solely for your personal non-commercial use.
Accessibility
We support the Web Accessibility Initiative and are committed to making our site as accessible as possible to everyone.
We welcome your comments and suggestions about how to make this website more accessible. If you are unable to access the information you require from this website, please contact us for assistance – our contact details are provided at the end of these Website Terms of Use.
Restrictions on use of this Website
Our rights
Any unauthorised downloading, retransmission, or other copying or modification of any of the contents of any of these web pages may be in breach of statutory or common law rights which could be the subject of legal action.
Republishing
You may not republish any of the content of this website in any manner without our prior written consent. Requests to republish, redistribute or syndicate content should be addressed to myelomauk@myeloma.org.uk.
Linking
You may only create a link to our website homepage at www.myeloma.org.uk
on the condition that you do not do any of the following:-
Create a frame or any other browser or border environment around this website;
In any way imply that we are endorsing any products or services other than our own;
Misrepresent your relationship with us nor present any other false information about us; or
Create a link from a website which contains content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
You may not create any link to any other page of this website, nor frame it, without our prior written consent, nor may you restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of it by anyone else.
Databases
You may not create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content of this website without our prior written permission.
Editing
You may not:-
Remove any news source identification, copyright notices, trade mark notices, or other notices or proprietary restrictions from any of the material or information contained in these web pages;
Use any graphics from this website separately from accompanying text; or
Modify documents or related graphics on this website (or reproductions in other media of such documents or related graphics) in any way.
Email
You agree not to send unsolicited e-mails for the purposes of advertising or market research to the e-mail addresses provided on this website.
Offers
Nothing on this website constitutes a binding offer by us to perform any service or provide any goods.
Unless specifically accepted by us, we will not be bound by any offers submitted by you via this website. Acceptance by us of such offers is subject to payment clearance, availability of stock at the stated price and acceptance by you of our Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Trade Marks
Our trade marks
“Myeloma UK” and the logo appearing on our website are both trade marks of ours which may or may not be registered in the country from which you are accessing this website. In addition, certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics or designs for the pages of this website may also constitute trade names or unregistered trade marks of ours. The display of any trade names or trade marks on this website does not imply that any licence has been granted to you to use the same.
Third party trade marks
All other company and product names together with all other third party devices, logos, icons, graphics or designs as may be referred to on the pages of this website from time to time, are the trade marks of their respective owners and are exhibited only in such a manner as is intended to be for the benefit of such trade mark owners: we intend no infringement of such trade marks.
No endorsement
The appearance or absence of products, services, companies, organisations, home pages or other web pages on this website does not imply any endorsement or non-endorsement thereof by us.
Liability
WARNING
This section contains provisions which restrict the extent to which we are liable to you for any loss you may suffer in connection with your use of this website.
By using this website you also agree that you will be liable for any loss we (or certain people connected with us) suffer as a result of breach of these Website Terms of Use by you or by certain people connected with you.
Please read the following section carefully and if you do not agree to these conditions, please leave this website immediately.
Content
The information, materials and functions contained in this website (including text, graphics, links or other items) are provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of any kind and may be out of date or may otherwise contain errors or omissions. The information is for general purposes and guidance only and does not purport to constitute professional advice.
Although acceptance of advertisements on our website for goods or services provided by third parties is subject to our discretion, we do not accept liability in respect of any such advertisements.
Hyperlinks
The provision by us of a link to another website does not constitute any authorisation by us to you to access materials held at that location, nor is it evidence of any endorsement by us of the material held there.
Access abroad
This website is hosted by us in Scotland and we make no representation that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom.
Our liability
We do not exclude liability (if any) to you for personal injury or death resulting from our negligence, for fraud or for any matter which it would be illegal to exclude or to attempt to exclude.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all other liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or to a third party in connection with:-
The use, inability to use or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website or the material on such websites; or
This website (or any websites linked to this website) in any other way.
For the avoidance of doubt, this exclusion of liability extends to (but is not limited to) loss or damage due to:-
Errors or omissions from information, materials or functions in or of this website (or any websites linked to this website);
Business interruption resulting from the use or inaccessibility of this website (or any websites linked to this website);
Collaboration with any third party as a result of using our website (we will not in any way be construed as a party to such collaboration, nor shall we be liable in any way for the dealings you may have with that third party);
Viruses, worms, trojans or other hostile computer programs that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing this website or your downloading of any material from this website (or any websites linked to this website);
Computer failure resulting for any reason from the use of this website (or any websites linked to this website); or
Breach of any conditions implied by law (including without limitation any conditions of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill) which but for these Website Terms of Use might have effect in relation to this website.
Your liability
You agree that you shall be liable for any foreseeable and reasonable costs incurred by us in respect of any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims (including reasonable legal fees incurred in defending any action or otherwise) sustained or incurred by us, our agents, suppliers, customers, officers, or employees, and arising as a direct result of breach by you of these Website Terms of Use.
General
Headings
The headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of these Website Terms of Use.
Interpretation
In these Website Terms of Use, unless the context otherwise requires:-
The singular shall include the plural and vice versa;
References to persons shall include bodies corporate, unincorporated associations and partnerships; and
Words importing the whole shall be treated as including a reference to any part thereof.
Waiver
Any waiver by either you or us of a breach of any provision of these Website Terms of Use shall not be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision of these Website Terms of Use.
Our relationship with you
You and we are, with respect to one another, independent parties. Nothing in these Website Terms of Use is intended to nor shall create any partnership, joint venture or agency.
Transfer of rights / obligations
We shall be entitled to transfer, sub-licence and/or assign any of our rights and/or obligations under these Website Terms of Use. This will not affect your rights under these Website Terms of Use.
You may not transfer, sub-licence or assign any of your rights or obligations under these Website Terms of Use without our written consent.
Severability
Every provision of these Website Terms of Use shall be construed separately, applying and surviving even if for any reason any of these provisions is held inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
Law & jurisdiction
These Website Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scots law and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you access our website.
Contact Us
Queries, comments and complaints
If you have any queries about these Website Terms of Use, or any other aspect of our website, or you have any comments or complaints, you can contact us by emailing myelomauk@myeloma.org.uk or by using our telephone or facsimile numbers or our postal address, all of which are available here.
We shall endeavour to respond to any communication received by us as quickly as we can.
Copyright Myeloma UK 2020
Close
Cookie use on our siteThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please indicate your preference below, or read our Cookie Information to find out more.
Accept Reject Customise CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you explore our website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for making sure the website works properly for you. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website, and for marketing purposes. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Always enabled, these cookies are required for the website to work properly, such as when you view videos or add items to the shopping cart.
Analytics
analytics
To help us understand how you use our website and tailor the site to meet your needs, we use analytics cookies. It’s important to remember we can’t identify individuals with this type of cookie, but it does give us an overview of what works well on our website and what doesn’t.
Advertisement
advertisement
We use advertising cookies to deliver highly relevant advertisements to our audiences, through platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram.
Functional
functional
These cookies are needed for certain elements of our website to work properly, although it will generally work without these. Some links may not work correctly, for example.
Save & Accept