http://www.nemours.org/patientfamily/privacy.html
Privacy
Skip Navigation
I Want To:
Find a Doctor
View Insurance Accepted
Pay My Bill
Find Clinical Trials
Log Into the Nemours App
Refer a Patient
Make a Gift
Send eCard
Care & Treatment
Find a Doctor
Insurance We Accept
Medical Services A-Z List
Online Video Doctor Visits
International Medicine
Refer a Patient
Locations
Find a Location
Research
Areas of Research
Clinical Trials
Find a Researcher
Collaboration Opportunities
View All Research
Professional Education
Delaware Area Graduate Medical Education
Jacksonville, Fla. Graduate Medical Education
Orlando, Fla. Graduate Medical Education
Continuing Medical Education
View All Professional Education
Giving
Make a Gift
Special Events
Ways to Give
Volunteer
View All Giving
Nemours Patient Portal
Nemours App Login
Home> For Patients & Families> Privacy and Confidentiality
Back to top
Privacy & Confidentiality
How Nemours Protects Your Privacy and RightsThe Nemours Foundation is committed to ensure that your information is kept private and confidential. Nemours protects your personal and protected health information as required by state and federal privacy rules and regulations.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Nemours maintains a Notice of Privacy Practices that describes the privacy rights of patients and the ways we may use and share your health information. A copy is available to all patients and families and we encourage you to read the privacy practices and reach out to us if you have any questions about how we use your information.
Partnerships and Collaborating Health Systems
We have entered into joint partnerships with other healthcare providers. Here is a listing of the partnerships and collaborating systems:
Partnerships with other health systems
Clinically Integrated Networks
Delaware Children’s Health Network
Women's and Children's Health Alliance
Health Information Exchanges
A Health Information Exchange (HIE) is a way to share our patients' medical information electronically between all healthcare providers participating in the exchange. Authorized healthcare providers participating in the exchange may supply a patient’s medical information, or receive information about a specific patient. We partner with Health Information Exchanges (HIE) to provide electronic access to your health information. Providing this access can reduce the risk of unnecessary services, duplicate services, prevent delays, and improve the overall quality of the care you receive.
How to Report a Privacy ConcernHere are a few of the ways you can escalate privacy issues or just ask questions:
Call Us
You can call our Privacy Hotline at (800) 472-6610 to speak with a member of the Privacy Office directly. If you would like to contact us anonymously, you can call (866) 636-4685 and speak to a 3rd party to protect your confidentiality.
Email Us
Our Privacy Office email is privacy@nemours.org.
Submit It
You can remain anonymous when using the compliance web tool.
Contact Us Contact Us Here are a couple of ways you can escalate privacy issues or ask questions:
Call: (800) 472-6610
Email: privacy@nemours.org