https://www.aperfectdealer.com/content/3-privacy-policy
Home
&gt;
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
A Perfect Dealer, Inc. and its affilates are the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. A Perfect Dealer, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as an email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Special Offers
Established customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Choice/Opt-out
Customers who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications in various ways:
changing your newsletter preference in Your Account
using the Opt-out TrueRemove® link at the bottom of our email Newsletter
if you do not have an account, by emailing us at newsletter@aperfectdealer.com including unsubscribe in the subject line
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use outside shipping companies to ship orders, including by not limited to:UPS, USPS, FedEx;
we process payments with credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services, including Authorize and Paypal;
these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - Extended Validation SSL. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to admin@aperfectdealer.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Latest Update: 07/19/16
© 2016-2020 A Perfect Dealer, Inc.
About Us - 100% Happiness Guaranteed
Privacy Policy
Credits
Add product to compare successful
Compare
Remove product successful
Click here to compare