https://www.bodhijeffreys.com/terms
Terms and ConditionsThis agreement was last modified on March 13, 2018.
Bodhi Jeffreys Terms and Conditions ("Agreement")
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using https://www.bodhijeffreys.com/ ("the Site") operated by Bodhi Jeffreys ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://www.bodhijeffreys.com/.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Bodhi Jeffreys and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Bodhi Jeffreys.
Bodhi Jeffreys has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
Coaching
Awakening & Sacred Living
Give the unique gift you are to the world
For individuals, entrepreneurs, creatives, CEOs, couples, parents
More Info
Recent testimonials
Bodhi also has the greatest sense of humor and we laugh a lot during sessions!
Dorthe Schorn
Staff & Training Manager Hamburg, Germany
Bodhi is an endless energy field of inspiration, purpose, clarity, truth, authenticity, compassion, joy, love and inner peace. The way he embodies and shares his profound wisdom of awakening is powerful and grounded, while gentle, light and constantly evolving. Bodhi is not only a teacher in the best possible sense of the word but a healer and “wise man” who can support you in tackling any personal or professional challenges.
One of his greatest talents is meeting you exactly where you’re at, and then gently guiding you from there. Bodhi also has the greatest sense of humor and we laugh a lot during sessions! Working with him is a precious adventure and it has a tremendous impact on the way I show up and experience my working and private life.
I’m thankful for your clarity and presence and for how much peace it has brought into my life.
Violet Lehrer
Owner, Clarity Path Coaching Carlsbad, California
Bodhi, I woke up flooded with gratitude for you today — your essence, your teaching, your energy, your sweet soft voice, your non-judgment. Your ability to have integrated that and not just teach it is inspiring to me. I’m thankful for your clarity and presence and for how much peace it has brought into my life. I’m thankful that the kids have learned the meaning of resistance and trigger.
I’m thankful for the hundred times I’ve heard your voice saying “the truth and essence of who we are is love” and that I can hear that voice in my head louder than the childhood “you’re not good enough”. I’ve thankful for the healing you’ve guided me on. I’m thankful that you have shown me (and Matt) the path to our hearts. I’m thankful for all the moments of freedom and joy that are in my life because I am not in resistance. You have made a profound difference in my life.
I have become a better leader, a better boss, a better husband and a better father.
Christopher McAuliffe, Master Certified Coach
President & CEO, Accomplishment Coaching Coach Training Company San Diego, California
Bodhi’s support goes beyond my stated projects and goals. Since working with him I have become a better leader, a better boss, a better husband and a better father. Bodhi is what coaching is all about. It seems like magic sometimes how he is able to hone in and focus on the exact thing that brings me more power, or more clarity, or returns my calm and centered focus. If you want to become a better version of yourself or to fulfill on what you think you can create – I recommend working with Bodhi.
What Bodhi does almost makes traditional coaching obsolete.
Calvin Correli
President & CEO, Creator of Simplero New York, New York
I have used many coaches over the years, but Bodhi is one that I return to because he is simply in a class of his own. My experience has been that a lot of coaches can help you get to your goals faster, only to have you realize that those goals didn't actually fulfill you or give you what you thought they would. What Bodhi does, is help me heal and clear out those things that prevent me from going where I truly need and want to go, in the simplest possible way. What Bodhi does almost makes traditional coaching obsolete.
Bodhi's insight into guiding me to truth is rare and unique.
Sofia Manning
Best-Selling Author, Founder of Manning Inspire Copenhagen, Denmark
I have met a lot of coaches and being a coach myself I have very high standards for what I think a great coach is. Bodhi is more than a great coach, he is a healer and teacher as well as a brilliant coach. Bodhi's insight into guiding me to truth is rare and unique. I feel lucky to have the opportunity to work with him and highly recommend his coaching to anyone who is committed to truth and living a life from freedom.
See all testimonials
Get awakening talks, videos, events and music
First name: *
Last name: *
Home page:
Email address: *
Sign up
About Bodhi Jeffreys
Bodhi Jeffreys has been exploring consciousness from an early age. Following a profound spiritual awakening, he has been guiding people through their own awakening process as a consciousness teacher, awakening and sacred living coach and conscious business mentor. Bodhi has a Ph.D. in transpersonal psychology and served as a CEO for 20 years. He has also been a university faculty member, as well as a professional songwriter & musician.
Contact
Bodhi Jeffreys
San Marcos, CA 92069
+1 760 599 9488
bodhi@bodhijeffreys.com
FacebookInstagram
Search
Search the site:
Back to top
About
Coaching
Events
Music
Read
Listen
Watch
Contact