http://www.fi.edu/policies
Jump to navigation
The Franklin Institute
Menu
The Franklin Institute is currently closed to the public. Learn more.
Museum Policies
Privacy & Refund Policy
Thank you for visiting The Franklin Institute's website and reviewing our privacy policy. This policy applies only to information collected via the Institute's website.
If you send us personal information—by submitting an e-mail, completing an online form, requesting materials or information, ordering Institute tickets, making a donation, or signing up for membership—we will use this information to respond to your inquiry or request. We may also use it to contact you to provide information about other Institute activities, programs, membership and fundraising opportunities, products, and special events that may interest you. You may opt-out of having your information used by the Institute for these purposes, or you may update your contact information anytime, by contacting us via e-mail or postal mail address.
The Franklin Institute does not sell, exchange, or release website visitor's names, e-mail addresses, or other individually identifying information to parties outside of the Institute, except to third party contractors performing services, to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes, to protect the rights and property of the Institute, or to provide the services or information you have requested.
Users should be aware that the Institute contracts with several third-party vendors to provide certain services made available on and to process transactions made through this website. Use of these services is subject to the privacy policies of such third-party vendors (identified below).
The Franklin Institute provides visitors with an opportunity to make a contribution to our organization through an online donation page. When a visitor to the Institute website chooses to make an online donation to the Institute, they are linked to a website served by Blackbaud, Inc. Visitors to the Blackbaud website are subject to Blackbaud's policies and should refer to Blackbaud's policies for the details of that policy. The information that you supply during any of the above transaction processes is used to fulfill your order and will also be used to track and analyze transaction trends.
On some pages of our website, you may notice that we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
The Franklin Institute’s mobile application(s) may request access to your device’s camera roll, location services, and/or contacts in order to enable interactive experiences that may include, but are not limited to, turn-by-turn directions, augmented reality, and screenshot sharing. The Franklin Institute does not store or transmit this information for any other purposes.
The Franklin Institute does not offer refunds on donations or ticket purchases to any Institute fundraising event.
Please note that the Institute may revise its privacy policy at any time. Occasionally, changes in technology, functionality, content we provide, laws and/or Institute policy may require us to revise policies and practices on this page. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy. Your continued use of the site shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes to this policy.
Prohibited Conduct
Visitation policies at the Franklin Institute are designed to protect visitors and staff as well as secure and preserve the collections, facilities, and historic buildings entrusted to The Franklin Institute's care.
While on The Franklin Institute premises, NO VISITOR SHALL:
Carry a firearm, knife, explosive, or other dangerous or deadly weapon, either openly or concealed, on the premises. The prohibition on firearms applies to all visitors, including those with firearm permits, but not to on duty law enforcement personnel who are authorized to carry firearms.
Display or carry any placard, sign, or banner
Destroy, deface, damage, or remove property
Climb upon any part of the building
Use loud, abusive, or otherwise improper language
Loiter, sleep, or participate in unwarranted assemblies
Create any hazard to persons or things
Perform, or make any threats to participate in, any obscene, indecent, violent, or abusive act
Use, possess, or sell illegal drugs
Take photographs for advertising or any other commercial purpose
Solicit for commercial or charitable purposes or distribute advertisements, pamphlets, handbills, and flyers
Smoking
Smoking is prohibited in the Franklin Institute
Smoking or carrying lighted cigarettes/electronic cigarettes, cigars, or pipes into building, or having a fire of any kind on the premises is prohibited
Animals
Service animals are welcome in the museum. Pets are not permitted.
Lost & Found
Lost & Found items are held for up to 24 hours in a museum's guest services office before moving to our central lost and found office, which can be reached at 215-448-1200
Contact Tracing Policy
Guests acknowledge that The Franklin Institute reserves the right to disclose the identity and contact information of any and all guests to government-authorized individuals, agencies, or organizations for the purposes of contact-tracing in adherence with local, state, or federal requirements, recommendations, or guidelines.
Plan Your Visit
General Admission Hours
Wednesday – Friday 10 AM – 5 PM
Saturday & Sunday 10 AM
– 6 PM
Science Museum Pricing
Adult:$23
Child (3-11):$19
Members:
FREE ($7 with special exhibit)
Buy tickets now
Special Exhibit Pricing
Special Exhibit Tickets include General AdmissionAdult: $30Child (3-11): $26 Members: $7BUY TICKETS NOW
Reserve Member Tickets
Advanced ticket purchase is now required for all Guests & Members.
Parking
On-Site parking is limited. 271 North 21st Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103
Directions
The Franklin Institute is located in Center City Philadelphia, at the intersection of 20th Street and the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. Step-by-Step Directions
Daily Schedule
Plan your day at The Franklin Institute with our Daily Programs & Shows Schedule. This schedule will show you things to do and see during your visit including live shows, dissections, 3D printing, simulators, movies, & more.
View Today's Schedule
Connect With Us
Join Our Email List
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
Health & Safety Information