https://www.presbyterianseniorliving.org/terms-and-conditions
View Phone Directory
Dillsburg, PA
Terms & Conditions
Presbyterian Senior LivingTerms and Conditions
Presbyterian Senior Living maintains this site (herein "the Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Presbyterian Senior Living's written permission.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and Presbyterian Senior Living are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
1. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of Presbyterian Senior Living. Presbyterian Senior Living neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Presbyterian Senior Living.
2. While Presbyterian Senior Living uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Presbyterian Senior Living makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Presbyterian Senior Living assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
3. Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither Presbyterian Senior Living nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Presbyterian Senior Living also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.
4. Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is -- and will be treated as -- non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Presbyterian Senior Living or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Presbyterian Senior Living is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including -- but not limited to -- developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
5. Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Presbyterian Senior Living. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
6. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, including Presbyterian Senior Living, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Presbyterian Senior Living and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Presbyterian Senior Living or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other advised that Presbyterian Senior Living will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
7. Presbyterian Senior Living has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
8. Although Presbyterian Senior Living may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, Presbyterian Senior Living is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations of the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material of any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Presbyterian Senior Living will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Presbyterian Senior Living to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
9. Presbyterian Senior Living may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.