http://www.carfintl.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementMichael2018-09-11T01:03:13+00:00
Disclaimer Policy
Permission to use material from this website / reprints / copyright
The Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) retains copyright on the content of this site, unless otherwise noted.
Reprint or reuse of information from this site without change
To request permission to use information from this website for other than personal use, send an email describing intended use, duration and contact information to info@carfintl.org.
Translations and adaptations
Translations or adaptations of Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) content must be reviewed and approved by the Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF). Please send an email describing intended use, duration and contact information to info@carfintl.org.
Using content from CARF press releases
Reprint of Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) content or references to Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) contact information in an organization’s press release must be approved by the executive director of CARF. Please send queries to info@carfintl.org.
Logos
Using any of the Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) registered trademarks (logos) without CARF’s prior consent is strictly prohibited. Please send written requests describing intended use, duration, and contact information to info@carfintl.org.
Photographs and graphics
The photographs and graphics on our website are not available for reproduction by third parties.
Linking policy
When linking to the Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF)) website, web managers should be aware that the Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) trademarks are not available for posting or replication on third party websites without a written agreement with CARF. As part of the permission agreement for web linking, third parties must post the following with any trademark, URL, or content used from the CARF website:
Linking Disclaimer: The Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) is not responsible for information or advice provided by others, including information on websites that link to Association sites and on third party sites to which CARF links. Please direct any questions to info@carfintl.org.
Disclaimer
The Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) works to ensure that the information provided on its authorized website is accurate, timely and useful. However, the information contained on Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF) website should not be considered medical guidance or professional advice. The Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation (CARF), its affiliates or agents, or any other parties involved in the preparation or publication of this site are not responsible for errors or omissions in information provided on this site or any actions resulting from the use of such information. Visitors are encouraged to confirm the information contained herein with other reliable sources and to direct any questions concerning their personal health to licensed physicians or other appropriate health care professionals. Corrections and additions to this site will be made when necessary or as time permits.
Join Us
Donate
Volunteer
Explore
ABOUT
Types
FAQ
5 Things to Know
SUPPORT
Newly Diagnosed
Support & Meetings
Choosing Your Doctor
Meet our Members
Tools & Haircare Tips
MEDICAL & RESEARCH
Medical Resources
Clincal Trials & Studies
Symposia
Grants
NEWS & RESOURCES
News & Commentary
Patient Conference
For Hairdressers
MAKE A DIFFERENCE
Join Us
Raise Awareness
Donate
Volunteer
Start a Meeting Group
ABOUT CARF
Leadership
Partners & Sponsors
© 2019 Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation
Contact                Privacy Policy