http://www.beautyschoolsdirectory.com/terms
Skip to main content
Home
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for Beauty Schools DIrectory
TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: March 11, 2019
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. The following Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) between you (sometimes referred to as “you” or “your”) and Thruline Marketing, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” or “Thruline”) describes the terms and conditions on which you may access and use our website located at www.thru-line.com and any other website, blog, page, section, or feature that links to this Agreement (collectively, the “Site”), our mobile application (the “App”), and all related services, software, or features (the Site together with the App, collectively, the “Services”).
By accessing and using any of the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The disclaimers, terms, and conditions in this Agreement are of general application and may be supplemented by additional policies, procedures, disclaimers, guidelines, rules, terms, and conditions of specific application that we disclose.
IMPORTANT: THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION PROVISION IN SECTION 19 REQUIRING ALL CLAIMS TO BE RESOLVED BY WAY OF BINDING ARBITRATION. By agreeing to thIS aGREEMENT, you and tHRULINE hereby waive any right to participate in a Class-Action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE.
1. REVISIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT
We may revise and update this Agreement from time to time without prior notice to you and will post the updated Agreement to the Services. ANY CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL APPLY IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING. Although we are not obligated to provide you with notice of any changes, any changes to this Agreement will not apply retroactively to events that occurred prior to such changes. Your continued use of our Services will constitute your agreement to any new provisions within the revised Agreement.
2. THE PURPOSE OF THE SERVICES
We offer the Services to you as an informational service only. The design and function of the Services and the content contained therein, such as text, blog posts, graphics, images, audio and video files, user help files, user interface, layout and presentation, analytic and demographic data relating to your use of the Services, and other material contained in the Services are for informational purposes only.
3. YOUR USAGE OF THE SERVICES
On the condition that you comply with all of your obligations under this Agreement, and subject to additional terms of any third-party licenses applicable to third-party software included in the Services, we hereby grant to you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access and use the Services solely in connection with your personal, non-commercial, and lawful purposes. We reserve all rights not otherwise expressly granted by this Agreement. If you do not comply with this Agreement, we reserve the right to revoke any license granted herein and limit your access to the Services. Any use of the Services that exceeds the rights expressly granted in this Agreement is strictly prohibited and constitutes a violation of this Agreement, which may result in the termination of your right to access and use the Services. Your access to these Services is provided on a temporary basis with no guarantee for future availability. We reserve the right to withdraw or modify any Thruline Content (defined below) or services we provide on the Services without notice.
4. THRULINE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Services contain copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, software, text, graphics and images (collectively, the “Thruline Content”). We may own the Thruline Content, or portions of the Thruline Content may be made available to us through arrangements that we have with third parties. The Thruline Content is protected by United States and foreign intellectual property laws. Unauthorized use of the Thruline Content may result in violation of copyright, trademark or other laws. You have no rights in the Thruline Content, and you may not copy, redistribute, retransmit, publicize or make commercial or non-commercial use of the Thruline Content without our express written permission. The use or posting of any of the Thruline Content on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Thruline Content on any copy you make of the Thruline Content. For clarity, there is no prohibition against you maintaining hyperlinks on your own website(s) that lead visitors to a page on the Services.
The trademarks, service marks, and logos used and displayed on the Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of ours or of our third-party partners (collectively, the “Mark(s)”). Nothing in this Agreement should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Marks without our prior written consent specific for each such use. The Marks may not be used to disparage any party or their respective products or services, or in any manner that may damage any goodwill in the Marks. All goodwill generated from the use of any Mark shall inure to the benefit of the Mark owner.
For the avoidance of doubt, as between you and Thruline, the Services, including the Thruline Content, Marks, and all intellectual property rights in and to the Services, Thruline Content, and Marks, and any changes, modifications or corrections thereto, are the property of Thruline and its affiliates and licensors, and are protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by United States copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. Nothing shall be construed as granting to you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the Services or any Thruline Content or Marks, through the use of framing or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by this Agreement; or (b) with the prior written permission of Thruline or such third party that may own such Thruline Content.
5. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
You agree that when using the Services, you will not:
Delete, modify, hack, or attempt to change or alter any of the Thruline Content or notices on the Services;
Use any device, software, or routine intended to damage or otherwise interfere with the proper functioning of the Services, servers, or networks connected to the Services or take any other action that interferes with any other person’s use of Services;
Use any bot, spider, or other automatic or manual device or process for the purpose of harvesting or compiling information on the Services for any reason;
Copy, modify, create derivative works, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to learn the source code, structure, or ideas upon which the Services is based;
Introduce into the Services any virus, rogue program, trojan horse, worm or other malicious or intentionally destructive code, software routines, or equipment components designed to permit unauthorized access to disable, erase, or otherwise harm the Services or Thruline Content, or perform any such actions;
Introduce into the Services any back door, time bomb, drop dead device, or other software routine designed to disable a computer program automatically with the passage of time or under the positive control of an unauthorized person;
Use any Thruline Content made available through the Services in any manner that misappropriates any trade secret or infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, rights of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party;
Access or attempt to access any other person’s information or content, or collect personal or otherwise identifying data about other users for any reason whatsoever;
Send any chain letters, junk mail, unauthorized e-mail, or advertisements;
Encourage any illegal activities, or post anything that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity;
Decrypt, transfer, frame, display, or translate any part of the Services;
Connect to or access any of our computer systems or networks without authorization; or
Use the information in the Services to create or sell a similar service or similar information.
6. YOUR CONTENT
Any information, comments, postings, text, images, messages, files, and/or other materials you post, transmit through, or link from the Services (collectively, “Your Content”) are your sole responsibility. We do not pre-screen or approve Your Content and we have no obligation to monitor Your Content. However, we reserve the right to review, modify, monitor, distribute, remove, or delete any of Your Content at our sole discretion. We reserve the right at all times and in our sole discretion to disclose any information as we deem necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to edit, refuse to post, or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to Your Content, you may not upload, post, or transmit any:
Content that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful,  unduly repetitious, or embarrassing to any other person or entity;
Message, data, code, or software that would violate our, or any third party, proprietary or intellectual property rights, including unauthorized copyright text, images, programs, trade secrets, or other confidential proprietary information, or use trademarks or service marks in an infringing fashion;
Photos or video of any third party without express, written permission, and by uploading, transmitting, or posting any photo or video on or through the Services, you represent and warrant that you have express, written permission from all persons appearing in the media for all of our potential uses of such media;
Advertisements or solicitations of business, conduct, or services that would in any manner constitute threatening, harassing, harmful, or abusive behavior, or chain letters, pyramid schemes, or bulk e-mail lists;
Materials that are fraudulent, involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items, or could cause us to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance, or regulation.
By uploading, transmitting, or posting Your Content, you grant to us a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, print, display, reproduce, modify, edit, publish, post, transmit, and distribute Your Content in its entirety or in part.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL EVALUATE AND BEAR ALL RISK RELATED TO THE USE OR ANY ACTIVITIES ASSOCIATED WITH ANY OF YOUR CONTENT. THE RESULTS OF ANY ACTIONS YOU TAKE BASED ON YOUR CONTENT OR OTHER CONTENT YOU FIND ON THE SERVICES ARE SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for Your Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any of Your Content made available on the Services. >YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY US AND OUR AFFILIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, EXPENSES, FEES, LIABILITIES, AND LOSSES, INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES, ARISING FROM ANY SUCH MATERIALS OR ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS SECTION.
7. ACCESS THROUGH MOBILE DEVICES
Your contract with your mobile network provider (“Mobile Provider”) will continue to apply when accessing or using the Services on your mobile, handheld device (“Mobile Device”). You understand that your Mobile Provider may charge you fees for your use of its network connection services while accessing or using the Services, for data downloading, e-mail, text messages, for roaming, and other Mobile Provider or third party charges. YOU ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL MOBILE PROVIDER FEES.
8. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND ADVERTISING
The Services contain links to third party websites and advertising (“External Sites”). These links are provided only as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of any of the Thruline Content on such External Sites. We do not control the External Sites and are not responsible for any of their content. You should take precautions when downloading files from External Sites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access any External Sites, you do so at your own risk. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for these External Sites with any questions or concerns you have regarding their content, terms of use, or privacy policies.
9. YOUR PRIVACY
The Thruline Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use your personally identifiable information generated from the Services. When you use the Services, information transmitted over the Internet is beyond our control. Although we take reasonable steps, including the implementation of physical, organizational, and technical controls, to protect your information, you acknowledge and agree that you provide any information, including personally identifiable information, to the Services at your own risk.
10. SYSTEM UNAVAILABILITY
There may be times when the Services are unavailable due to technical errors or for maintenance and support activities. We do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that the Services will always be available or is completely free of human or technological errors.
11. ERRORS
The Services may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions and some information may not be complete or current. We expressly reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We do not make any representation or warranty concerning errors, omissions, delays, or defects in the Services or any information supplied to you via the Services, or that files available through Services are free of viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other code that include or manifest contaminating or destructive characteristics.
12. COMPATIBILITY
You must provide the equipment and Internet connections necessary to access the Services at your own expense. We do not guarantee that the Services will operate with your computer, Mobile Device, internet service plans, or Mobile Provider service plans or with any particular computer or other piece of hardware, software, equipment, or device you install on or used with your computer.
13. NO GUARANTEES
THE SERVICES AND OUR THRULINE CONTENT (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SYSTEM”) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY PROMISES REGARDING THE CORRECTNESS, USEFULNESS, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, OR RELIABILITY OF (I) YOUR USE OR THE RESULTS OF YOUR USE OF THE SYSTEM; (II) ANY ADVICE YOU GLEAN FROM THE SYSTEM; OR (III) ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SYSTEM. WE DO NOT PROMISE THAT THE SYSTEM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR WILL BE ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS OUTSIDE THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STATEMENTS REGARDING CAPACITY, SUITABILITY FOR USE OR PERFORMANCE, WHETHER MADE BY OUR EMPLOYEES OR OTHERWISE, IS A WARRANTY OR PROMISE BY US AND WE HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH STATEMENTS. WE WILL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY, OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY COMMUNICATION, OR CONTENT.
14. WE ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES
We are not responsible for any damages to you or anyone filing suit on your behalf for any reason.
THRULINE AND ITS SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, PARENT, OR AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ASSIGNEES OR SUCCESSORS-IN-INTEREST (COLLECTIVELY, THE “THRULINE PARTIES”), WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, LOST PROFITS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE, RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OF THE SYSTEM OR ANY INFORMATION YOU OBTAIN ON IT, OR ANY OTHER INTERACTION WITH THE SYSTEM AND YOU VOLUNTARILY AND UNEQUIVOCALLY WAIVE ANY LIABILITY OF THE THRULINE PARTIES.
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICES WILL BE TO STOP USING THE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, THAT SUCH USAGE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH HEREIN. IN ANY EVENT, THE MAXIMUM TOTAL LIABILITY OF THRULINE PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIM WHATSOEVER RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHERWISE, AND YOUR SOLE REMEDY SHALL BE AN AWARD FOR DIRECT, PROVABLE DAMAGES NOT TO EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT OR COULD OTHERWISE CLAIM THE PROTECTIONS OF CALIFORNIA LAW, YOU FURTHER EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 1542 OF THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE, WHICH READS AS FOLLOWS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO THE CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR." YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND SECTION 1542 OF THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE, AND YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE AND RELINQUISH ALL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS UNDER THAT SECTION AND ANY LAW OF ANY JURISDICTION OF SIMILAR EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO YOUR RELEASE OF ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THRULINE.
15. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Thruline Parties from and against all claims, actions, demands and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and accounting fees, arising from your access to, use or misuse of the Thruline Content or Services. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests in assisting our defense of such matter.
16. YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
You represent, warrant, and covenant that you have the legal right to enter into this Agreement and to use the Services according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you are accepting this Agreement and using the Services on behalf of another company or entity, you agree that such company or entity will be bound by this Agreement. Additionally, you represent, warrant, and covenant that all information you provide to us in connection with this Agreement or your use of the Services, including but not limited to personal information, is current and correct.
17. YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
We make no claims concerning whether the Thruline Content may be downloaded or viewed, or is appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access the Services or the Thruline Content from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk. Whether inside or outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction.
The United States controls the export of products and information. You expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the Thruline Content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Thruline Content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Thruline Content.
18. AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
All disputes arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement (including formation, performance, breach, enforceability, and validity of this Agreement) or our operation of the Services shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration to be held in the English language in the City of Lenexa, Kansas, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part, of this Agreement is void or voidable. Further, if you are located outside of the United States, we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of this Agreement in your country of residence or any other appropriate country.
Without prejudice to the agreement to resolve disputes in binding arbitration set forth in the previous paragraph, either party to this Agreement may obtain preliminary injunctive relief in the District Court of Johnson County Kansas, for the purpose of enforcing any of the terms of this Agreement pending a final determination in arbitration or permanent relief for the purpose of enforcing arbitral awards.
The parties expressly waive any ability to maintain any class action in any forum. Any arbitration, claim or other proceedings by or between you and Thruline shall be conducted on an individual basis and not in any class action, mass action, or on a consolidated or representative basis. You further agree that the arbitrator shall have no authority to award class-wide relief or to combine or aggregate similar claims or unrelated transactions. You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement specifically prohibits you from commencing arbitration proceedings as a representative of others. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial. Any claim that all or part of this class action waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator.
19. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials on the Services infringe your copyright, and that the use of such materials is not fair use, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA (see www.copyright.gov for details). Notices and counter notices with respect to the Services should be sent to the Contact information listed at the bottom of this Agreement.
20. MISCELLANEOUS
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this Agreement and your access to all or any part of the Services or the Thruline Content at any time and for any reason without prior notice or liability. We reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Services or the Thruline Content at any time without prior notice or liability.
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, we may assign or transfer this Agreement to the person or entity acquiring the applicable assets or succeeding to the applicable business. In the event of any such transaction, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding on you and any such successor and/or assign.
The provisions of this Agreement will be deemed severable, and the unenforceability of any one or more provisions will not affect the enforceability of any other provisions. In addition, if any provision of the Agreement, for any reason, is declared to be unenforceable, the parties will substitute an enforceable provision that, to the maximum extent possible under applicable law, accomplishes the intentions of the original provision. Our failure to act on or enforce any provision of the Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this Agreement. No waiver of any breach or default hereunder shall be effective against us unless made in writing, nor shall any such waiver be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Kansas without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any disputes regarding this Agreement must be brought in the state or federal courts located in Kansas, and the parties hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees.
21. CONTACT
If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please contact us using one of the methods specified below.privacy@thru-line.com.
Thruline Marketing, Inc.
12433 Antioch Road PO Box 26330
Overland Park, KS 66213-9998
Phone: +1.913.254.6000
Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 11, 2019
Your privacy is important to Thruline Marketing, Inc., and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to as “Thruline,” “us,” “our,” or “we”). We have published this Privacy Policy so you know how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies our website located at www.thru-line.com and any other website, blog, page, section, or feature that links to this Agreement (collectively, the “Site”), our mobile application (the “App”), and all related services, software, or features (the Services together with the App, collectively, the “Services”).
We may revise and update this Privacy Policy from time to time and will post the updated Privacy Policy to the Services. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for any updates or changes. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL APPLY IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING TO THE SERVICES.
1. YOUR INFORMATION
a. Personal Information You Give Us
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. We collect and may transmit personal information that you provide to us through the Services (“Your Information”). We collect Your Information only if you manually enter it into a form or field on the Services. Your Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, street address, telephone number, gender, age, educational background, and educational interests. You can use the Services without providing Your Information. If you choose not to provide Your Information, you may not be able to use certain services offered on the Services.
b. Information We Collect Automatically
Whenever you interact with the Services (whether via a browser, an application, or otherwise), we automatically receive and record information from your browser. Other information collected automatically may include your IP address, the type of browser or application you are using to access the Services, and the identity of the Services page or feature you are requesting. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Services, and gather broad demographic data for aggregate use. We may also collect information regarding the device(s) you use to access or use the Services.
To collect this information, we may use “cookies” or other tracking technologies to track how you use the Services. We also may send instructions to your computer or device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details about your interactions with the Services. A cookie is a file stored on your computer or device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your computer or device. If applicable, our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your browser, application, or mobile device when you click on ads that appear on the Services. Clicking on a link to a third party website from the Services may also allow that third party website to also transmit cookies to you.
We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the Help option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet ExplorerCookie settings in FirefoxCookie settings in ChromeCookie settings in Safari web and iOS.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-out page, where you can control third-party online advertising.  Please note that there are many more networks listed on this site than those that we use on our site. If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following links useful:
Microsoft Cookies guideAll About Cookies
Please note that if you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Services, but you may not be able to successfully use all of the features of the Services.
We use Google Analytics to help us analyze the traffic on the Services. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of Personal Information, please see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).
We may also use “web beacons”, i.e. “web bugs” or “single–pixel” or “clear” GIFs, on the Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their website.
Be sure to review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit because this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any third parties.
2. HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
a. Non-Personal Information
We may use and share non-personal, de-identified information (i.e. information that cannot be used to identify you) for any lawful business purpose without any obligation or accounting to you. For example, we can use non-personal information for developing products, services, and providing those offerings to other users and third parties. We may use your personal information to generate non-personal information (e.g., by statistically aggregating your personal information with the information of others). When we do so, we will take reasonable measures to ensure that the non-personal information is no longer personally identifiable and cannot later be used to identify you. We may also disclose non-personal, aggregate, anonymous data in a de-identified format to investors and potential partners based on information collected from users.
b. Personal Information
We may use Your Information in the following ways:
Your Information may be passed on to schools you have selected and agreed to be contacted by, sometimes through a third party who then passes it on to the schools. If the form you filled out was hosted as a part of the Services, we may also send you a confirmation email to acknowledge your activity on the Services.
The schools or their partners or vendors may contact you via email, telephone, or mail in order to fulfill your inquiry. By using the Services to send Your Information to any schools, you are giving such entities permission to contact you, regardless of whether you are a part of the National-Do-Not-Call Registry.
We will store Your Information in our systems and we may use it to contact you about other products or services which we believe may interest you. If we contact you at all in this manner, it will be infrequent and narrowly targeted.
3. OTHER USES OF YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to the uses described above, there are limited circumstances in which we may share Your Information with certain third parties. We may combine Your Information with information we obtain from third party sources, either online or offline, in order to deepen our understanding of how best to serve you with the Services. We may share Your Information with our subsidiaries or affiliates. Your Information may be included among transferred assets in the event that we are involved in a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event. Finally, we may disclose Your Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
4. E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
The e-mail address you provide during the Services registration process will be the e-mail address we will use for all Site-related communications to you. We may also send you messages via the Services. The Services may contain links or forms that can be used to contact us so you can comment, make a complaint, make suggestions, and ask questions.
If you subscribe to our email newsletter, but subsequently decide that you would like to stop receiving it, you may use the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each newsletter, or you may contact us at privacy@thru-line.com and we will see to it that your name is removed from our email newsletter list.
5. PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Protecting your account login credentials (i.e. your username and password) from unauthorized access is your responsibility. You may not share your login credentials with any third party. We recommend you log out after accessing your account, change your password on a periodic basis, and limit access to your computer or device and its browser. While we use commercially reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing our files or tampering with the Services, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will always be successful. Your Information may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to or from us. We cannot and do not guarantee the total privacy or security of any information you transmit through the Services.
6. RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION; MODIFICATION
a. Correcting, Updating, Accessing, or Removing Your Information
You can correct, update, or remove Your Information if it changes or if you no longer want to receive information from us beyond information related to our services. This can be done by emailing a request to us at privacy@thru-line.com. You may also request access to Your Information collected by us by sending a request to us at privacy@thru-line.com. We may not be able to completely remove Your Information from our systems in certain circumstances. For example, we may retain Your Information for legitimate business purposes, our customer requirements, or if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law, or as retained in our data backup systems or cached or archived pages. All of Your Information that we keep will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
b. Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits users that are residents of California to request the following information regarding our disclosure of Your information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes (i) a list of certain categories of Your Information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year; (ii) the identity of certain third parties that received Your Information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year; and (iii) examples of the products or services marketed (if we have that information). If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email us at privacy@thru-line.com.
7. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
a. Links to Third-Party Websites
The Services contains links to other websites operated by schools and other third parties to which we do not control. Even if an affiliation exists between us and such website, that websites may have privacy policies that are very different from this Policy. You should read the privacy policy of every website you visit. While we expect our customers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. The links from this Site do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these third party sites. We encourage you to consult that website’s privacy policy before providing Your Information to it and whenever interacting with any website.
b. Third-Party Tracking
Third-party social networks that provide interactive plug-ins or social networking features (for example, to allow you to “Like” a page on the Services) on the Services, may use cookies or other methods (for example, web beacons) to gather information regarding your use of our websites and apps. The use of such information by a third party depends on the privacy policy available on that social network’s website, which we encourage you to carefully review. Such third parties may use these cookies or other tracking methods for their own purposes by relating information about your use of the Services with any of Your Information that they may have.
8. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION THROUGH BUSINESS TRANSFERS
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, we may assign or transfer this Policy and any and all of Your Information to the person or entity acquiring the applicable assets or succeeding to the applicable business. In the event of any such transaction, this Policy shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding on you and any such successor and/or assign. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how Your Information is treated, transferred, or used.
9. USERS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
The Services is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are using the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
10. NO CHILDREN
The Services does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information on this Site without their permission. Any information we receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database.
11. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us using one of the methods specified below.privacy@thru-line.com.
Thruline Marketing, Inc.
12433 Antioch Road PO Box 26330
Overland Park, KS 66213-9998
Phone: +1.913.254.6000
NonCommercial