http://www.iaah.org/privacy-policy/
Login
IAAH Privacy Policy
April 2019
In an effort to maintain efficient service while respecting the privacy of those who visit the International Association for Adolescent Health (IAAH) website (Site) and correspond electronically with the Secretariat, we have created and posted the following privacy policy.
IAAH is committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent or lease to third parties the emails of members or anyone else with whom we conduct business.
Information Collection and Use
We will collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, gender, profession, field of expertise, employer’s name, physical address, employer’s name and physical address. IAAH will use and store this information in order to notify you of events, news, updates and reports. Personally identifiable information may be given to a third party in order to complete a specific business transaction on behalf of IAAH, such as completing payment of the membership fee.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to the proper authorities if we are legally required to disclose such information. We also may use and disclose information about you to establish or exercise our legal rights, to assert and defend against legal claims, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or potential threats to the physical safety or well-being of any person.
We will keep this information throughout your time as a paid Member and for a maximum of 12 months after your membership ends. You can contact the IAAH Secretariat to ask them to update or delete your information at any time. You can also opt out of notifications by email at any time.
Membership Application Form
In order to become a member of IAAH you will be required to fill out an application form and provide personally identifiable information which we will use to process your membership application. In addition, your name and contact information will appear in the IAAH members-only directory if you tick the box to allow us to do so at the end of the application.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of stored information used to provide smoother navigation throughout the Site, such as a saved password; to identify user trends, such as page views; and for other internal purposes, such as assessing the effectiveness of the Site. You have the option of setting your computer to disable cookies or to alert you when cookies are being used. If you choose to disable cookies, please be aware that portions of the Site may not function properly.
Links
There are links to other websites throughout the Site. Please note that IAAH is not responsible for the privacy policies of those other sites and hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility in connection with such linked sites.
Security
Online membership applications and information such as credit card numbers will be secured using a commercially accepted method of encryption. However, while we employ reasonable security measures to protect your personal information, please be aware that no method of electronic transmission is completely infallible, and we cannot guarantee its absolute safety. If you become aware of any breach of Site security, please contact us immediately.
Updating Personal Information
You may contact the IAAH Secretariat using the contact details below to update your personally identifiable information at any time.
Privacy Policy Updates
Should any changes be made to this privacy policy, we will post them on this page with appropriate explanation.
Acceptance of our Privacy Policy Terms Using the IAAH website indicates your acceptance of our privacy policy. Your continued visits to the IAAH website after changes are posted to this policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.
Contact information
If you have questions, please contact us at:
International Association for Adolescent Health (IAAH)
Registered Office: 3175 ch. De la Cote-Sainte-Catherine
Montréal (Québec) H3T1C5 Canada
Email: secretariat@iaah.org
Subscribe to Our Quarterly Newsletter
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subscribe
Connect
FollowFollowFollow
About
Current Council Young Professionals Network IAAH CommitteesHistory Constitution and Bylaws
Join IAAH
Individual Memberships Organizational Memberships Young Professionals Network IAAH Committees
Resources
Policy Statements
Opportunities / Fellowships
Privacy Policy
©2019 International Association for Adolescent Health.All Rights Reserved
Translate »
Skip to toolbar
About WordPressWordPress.orgDocumentationSupportFeedbackLog InRegisterEventsView CalendarCommunity: Submit EventSearch