http://www.nidcd.nih.gov/privacy
Skip to main content
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
National Institutes of Health
You are hereHome
NIDCD Privacy Policy
Overview
Types of Information Collected
How Information Is Collected
Use of Cookies
How Personal Information Is Protected
Disclosure
Data Safeguarding and Privacy
Data Retention and Access Limits
Social Media and Third-Party Websites
Links to Non-Federal Websites
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Granicus/GovDelivery
Contact Information
Overview
Thank you for visiting the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (NIDCD) website, www.nidcd.nih.gov. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We do not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) about you during your visit unless you choose to provide it to us. However, our website links to other NIH sites, federal agency sites, university/research institution sites, and to some private organizations, and once you leave the NIDCD website, you are subject to the privacy policy for the site(s) you are visiting.
We do collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand how visitors use the site and how to make it more helpful. We collect information from visitors who read, browse, and/or download information from our website. The NIDCD never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIDCD mission and goals.
Types of Information Collected
You can visit our web pages without telling us who you are. Personally identifiable information (PII) is not collected about you unless you choose to provide that information to us.
We do collect statistics when you access and use our site, but we do not identify you personally. When you browse through our website, certain information is automatically collected about your visit.
The following types of non-personally identifiable information about your visit are collected:
The domain from which you access the Internet.
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the Web).
The operating system and information about the browser used when visiting the site, including whether it is a mobile device.
The date and time of your visit.
The pages you visited.
The address of the website that connected you to the NIDCD website (such as google.com or bing.com).
The keywords you enter into our site's search engine.
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and to help make our site more useful to visitors.
How Information Is Collected
The types of information cited above are automatically and continuously collected using a web measurement software tool called Google Analytics. No personally identifiable information is collected with this tool. To help us improve our site, we analyze this information by looking for usage trends rather than at individual visits. For example, we look at the total number of users and the parts of the site that are accessed most and least frequently. This information allows us to improve the way the site is designed, making it easier for you to find what you need.
The NIDCD occasionally uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors to the site. The surveys do not collect personally identifiable information. If you do not take the survey, you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIDCD website as those who do take the survey.
The NIDCD retains the data collected as long as needed to support the mission of the NIDCD website.
Use of Cookies
When you visit any website, its server may generate a piece of text known as a "cookie" to place on your computer. The cookie allows the server to "remember" specific information about your visit while you are connected. The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of web pages.
There are two types of cookies, single session—also called session—(temporary) and multi-session (persistent). Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods.
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies.
Temporary Cookies: We use temporary or session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site. These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site. The OMB Memo M-10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as "Usage Tier 1—Single Session." The policy says, "This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies."
Persistent Cookies: The NIDCD website uses persistent cookies to enable us to differentiate between new and returning visitors. Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to the NIDCD website until they expire. The OMB Memo M–10–22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as "Usage Tier 2—Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information (PII)." The policy says, "This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected."
Cookies from the NIDCD web pages only collect information about your browser's visit to the site; they do not collect personal information about you.
How To Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you can disable them using your web browser. If you opt out of cookies, you will still have access to all information and resources on the NIDCD website. Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at usa.gov.
Please note that by following the instructions to opt out of cookies, you will disable cookies from all websites, not just those from the NIDCD.
How Personal Information Is Protected
When inquiries are Emailed to us, we store the question and the Email address so that we can respond electronically. Unless otherwise required by statute, we do not publicly identify people who send questions or comments through our website. We will not obtain information that will allow us to identify you personally when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide us with such information.
Email sent to the NIDCD may be seen by a number of people responsible for answering questions and responding to inquiries. Occasionally, an information specialist who opens the Email may forward your question to an NIDCD scientist or other staff member who may help provide information for the response.
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, that is, information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you through an Email message, request for information, paper or electronic form, questionnaire, customer satisfaction survey, epidemiology research study, etc., we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication.
We do not forward your mail to other organizations. You should be aware, however, that Email is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication contains sensitive or personal information, you may want to send it by postal mail.
To protect your privacy, be sure to close your browser completely after you have finished conducting business with a website that uses cookies. If you are concerned about the potential use of information gathered from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. Most Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies.
Disclosure
The NIDCD does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or by statute.
Data Safeguarding and Privacy
All uses of web measurement and customization technologies comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards. Information technology (IT) systems owned and operated by the NIH are assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) posted for public view on the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) website. The NIH conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application (TPWA) as they may have a different functionality or practice. TPWA PIAs are posted for public view on the HHS website.
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended (5 U.S.C. Section 552a). For these records, the NIH Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the NIH Office of the Senior Official for Privacy website. For more information, please refer to the NIH Web Privacy Notice posted on the NIH.gov website.
Data Retention and Access Limits
The NIDCD will retain data collected using the above technologies long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected. The data generated from these activities fall under the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) General Records Schedule (GRS) 20-item1c "Electronic Records," and will be handled per the requirements of that schedule.
Social Media and Third-Party Websites
Links to Non-Federal Websites
Our website has links to many other organizations. Once you follow a link to any other site, you are subject to its privacy policy.
The NIDCD is incorporating use of this graphic notice () to indicate that you are leaving the NIDCD (www.nidcd.nih.gov) website and going to a non-federal website. Additional information about NIDCD's external link disclaimer includes the following:
The external website provides additional information that is consistent with the intended purpose of the NIDCD website.
The NIDCD cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.
Linking to a non-federal site does not constitute an endorsement by the NIDCD or any of its employees of the sponsors, information, or products presented on the destination site.
You will be subject to the destination site's privacy policy when you follow the link.
For more information on exit notifications and disclaimers for non-federal websites, the HHS Web standards may be helpful.
Third-party websites and applications are web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by the NIDCD, such as non-Government-hosted applications and those embedded on an NIDCD web page that could cause personally identifiable information to become available or accessible to the NIDCD, regardless of whether NIDCD solicits or collects it.
As part of the Open Government Directive, the NIDCD uses new technologies and social media options to communicate and interact with citizens. These sites and applications include popular social networking and media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. Below, we outline the applications the NIDCD uses and their purposes. If any applications collect your private information, we describe how the NIDCD protects your information.
Facebook: The NIDCD has one Facebook page. The NIDCD staff posts news and other items of interest about noise-induced hearing loss and It's a Noisy Planet. Protect Their Hearing®, a health education campaign to citizens. If you have a Facebook account and "like" the NIDCD's Noisy Planet Facebook page, you can post comments or click on the "like" option for individual entries. If you comment or click on the "like" button, personally identifying information will be visible to NIDCD staff and other Facebook site visitors. The amount of visible personal information will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings. You can completely avoid displaying any personally identifiable information by not creating an account, not posting comments, and not clicking on the "like" options on the Noisy Planet Facebook page.
The NIDCD does not collect, use, or disclose any information about visitors who comment or "like" the Noisy Planet Facebook site. Facebook collects and reports on non-personally identifiable information about activities on Facebook pages. This information is password-protected and only available to NIDCD managers, members of the NIDCD communications and web teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The Facebook Privacy Policy is available for public view.
Twitter: The NIDCD has two Twitter accounts: @NIDCD and @NIDCDdirector.
The NIDCD uses Twitter to share information about research, NIDCD publications and events, and other institute information with the public and to respond to comments and inquiries posted on Twitter. While visitors may read NIDCD tweets without subscribing, visitors who want to subscribe to (or follow) the NIDCD Twitter account must create a Twitter account. NIDCD tweets are also shown on the NIDCD homepage.
To create a Twitter account, you must provide some personal information, such as your name, user name, password, and email address. Twitter users have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography, location, or picture. Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public. For details, see Twitter’s privacy policy and its privacy settings for your individual account.
NIDCD staff members monitor the number of Twitter followers for both accounts and respond to comments and queries via Twitter, but the NIDCD never uses the personal information of Twitter followers. The NIDCD does not collect, maintain, disclose, or share any information about people who follow the NIDCD on Twitter.
Read the NIH privacy statement on third-party websites and applications.
YouTube: The NIDCD has a playlist of videos on the NIH YouTube channel that is available to the public. You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google (YouTube owner) to watch NIDCD videos. When visitors watch videos, YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about site usage, such as channels used, videos watched, and data transfer details to improve its services. If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIDCD videos, YouTube may associate information about your site use with your YouTube account. If you log on to YouTube and comment on an NIDCD video, any personal information you include when registering for your account will be visible to visitors who click on the comment. If you do not log on before watching NIDCD videos posted on YouTube, your site use will not be associated with you or a YouTube account. The YouTube Privacy Policy is available for public view.
All NIDCD videos posted on YouTube are also posted on the NIDCD or Noisy Planet websites.
Granicus/GovDelivery Subscription Management: The NIDCD uses a third-party service called Granicus (formerly GovDelivery) to send e-newsletters and alerts to subscribers. To subscribe, you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences, including the items you want to receive. The subscriber lists are password-protected by Granicus. Only NIDCD staff and designated contractors who send newsletters or emails via Granicus or who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists. Granicus does not allow access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of the NIDCD for any purpose. Granicus collects and provides to the NIDCD non-identifying information about the number of messages sent, clicks, and open rates. This information is password-protected and only available to designated NIDCD staff who require this information to perform their duties. The Granicus Privacy Policy provides more information.
Contact Information
For more information about the NIDCD's privacy policy, contact the NIDCD privacy coordinator.
* Note: PDF files require a viewer such as the free Adobe Reader.
Last Updated Date:
May 20, 2020