https://www.carcinoid.org/contact/privacy-policy/
The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation’s (CCF) Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions when using the CCF services located at its website www.carcinoid.org.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?
The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation assures visitors to this website that their privacy is respected. No information of any kind regarding individual visitors to the site, including e-mail addresses, will be given or sold to any third party without the express written consent of the visitor, unless required by law.
The acquisition of visitor e-mail addresses by third parties for any purpose including that of solicitation is expressly forbidden. This practice in many jurisdictions may constitute a breach of law. Visitors to this site who believe that their e-mail address has been used in contradiction to the policies as stated above are encouraged to immediately contact the carcinoid [at] carcinoid [dot] org of the Carcinoid Cancer Foundation website.
SECURITY MEASURES
The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation does receive data that tracks website and aggregates page use by visitors, but does not track individual visitor’s individual page use. Cookies (information that is stored on the visitors’ computer hard drives and utilized by the site) may be used, but will only be used to record certain visitor preferences and for certain security purposes. No such visitor or cookie information will be given or sold to any third party without the express written consent of the visitor, unless required by law.
The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation has partnered with Kindful to securely process your online credit card donation via Stripe. This transaction will appear on your credit card statement as “Carcinoid Cancer Foundation.”
The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation takes appropriate precautions to protect our site visitors who make online donations using industry standard 128/256 Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. You are able to see when the SSL encryption is active either by the “padlock” icon at the top or bottom of your browser.
DO NOT SEND PERSONAL INFORMATION VIA E-MAIL
Be advised that e-mail and other general Internet communication are not completely secure from the possibility of sophisticated electronic eavesdropping. Please do not send us any personal information in your e-mail that you would be uncomfortable sharing with others. E-mail can be intercepted and a copy of your message may be stored on the computer from which you are writing.
DISCLAIMER
The information and services provided by Carcinoid Cancer Foundation are for informational purposes only. The information and services are not intended to be substitutes for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. If you are ill, see a doctor immediately! The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation does not endorse any specific physicians, products or treatments even though they may be mentioned on this site.
ABOUT LINKS AND RESOURCES AT OUR SITE
Other sites that are connected by hyperlink to and/or from the The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation’s website may not (and even likely do not) necessarily follow the same privacy constraints that are offered by The Carcinoid Cancer Foundation. We do not assume responsibility for the practices or content of any website which links to, or from, our site.
If you have any questions or concerns about the information we have provided, or if you would like to opt out of our email newsletter or be removed from our general mailing list please contact us:
Carcinoid Cancer Foundation
118 North Bedford Road, Suite 100
Mt. Kisco, NY 10549
Tel: 914-683-1001 or toll free 888-722-3132
or E-mail
Our Twitter FeedMy TweetsOur Facebook Feed
Our Facebook Feed