http://www.trisomy18.org/privacy-policy/
facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
RSS
TopNonProfits
What is Trisomy 18?
What are Related Conditions?
How is Trisomy 18 Diagnosed?
Impact of Trisomy 18 on Baby?
Resources
Parents And Families
Health Professionals
Researchers
Policy Issues
Events
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Share your Child’s Story
Connect with Other Families
Champions
About Us
Trisomy 18 Foundation
Foundation News
Contact Us
Community
Donate
Home / Privacy PolicyTrisomy 18 Foundation has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL www.trisomy18.org and our online community at www.trisomy18support.org.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Trisomy 18 Foundation reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
1. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of;
2. What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
3. Who collects such information;
4. How such information is used;
5. With whom your information may be shared;
6. What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
7. What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
8. and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Trisomy 18 Foundation by sending an email to t18info@trisomy18.org. Please reference  this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
All information provided to Trisomy 18 Foundation is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Trisomy 18 Foundation. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
All online donations and other financial transactions completed through Classy.org powered pages on our website are PCI DSS compliant. PCI DSS is the payment card industry security requirement for entities that store, process or transmit cardholder data, and has been endorsed by all the major card brands — Visa Inc., MasterCard Worldwide, and American Express. PCI DSS compliance gives consumers the confidence they need to know that organizations accepting electronic payments or donations are doing so in a verified, secure, and consistent fashion.  This means that the processes, procedures, network configuration and overall environment used to process your financial support of our organization have met the stringent guidelines of a third-party audit and are in compliance with the high standards set by the industry. This comprehensive standard is intended to help organizations such as ours proactively protect your account data–a responsibility we take very seriously.
Tell-A-Friend:
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. Trisomy 18 Foundation will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. Trisomy 18 Foundation stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Trisomy 18 Foundation has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
t18info@trisomy18.org
Get In Touch
Trisomy 18 Foundation
4491 Cheshire Station Plaza, Suite 157
Dale City, VA 22193
Browse By Category
Parents And Families
Researchers
Health Professionals
Events
Other Important Links
Read our Blog
Online Community
Ways to Give
Donate Today