https://www.navao.org/about-us/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
The materials contained on this Website have been prepared by The National Association of Veterans Affairs Optometrists (NAVAO) for informational purposes only.
Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an “as is” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this NAVAO:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the NAVAO’s literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this NAVAO of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
The NAVAO does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United States, or in relation to postings from the United States. All advertising is intended solely for the United States market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the NAVAO. The NAVAO does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this NAVAO, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Links to this website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without prior written consent by NAVAO. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This NAVAO will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the NAVAO’s services and the full content of this website. This NAVAO’s logo is a registered trademark of this NAVAO in the United States and other countries.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found on our contact us link on our website or via NAVAO literature or via the NAVAO’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
Notification of Changes
The NAVAO reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.