https://www.aad.org/legal-notice
AAD
Welcome!
Membership
Account
Pay dues
Join the AAD
Member benefits
Find a member
AAD election
AAD governance
Find your state society
Support AAD
AAD Help Center
Meet your new AAD
AAD Fellow logo
Important dates
Call for statements
Strategic plan
Bylaws, policies, & positions
Board of Directors
Council, Committees, and Task Forces
Executive staff
Advisory Board
Financial statement
What we do
Programs you can support
Volunteer opportunities
Annual fund
Monthly giving
Tribute
Planned giving
Our donors
Featured
Make it easy for patients to find you.
Update your Find a Dermatologist profile, the Academy's directory that's visited by over 1 million people a year.
Meet the new AAD
Learn about the Academy's efforts to refocus its brand on education, advocacy, member-centricity, and innovation.
Meetings & Education
AAD VMX
2021 Annual Meeting
Academy meetings archive
Continuing education & CME activities
Claim CME & view transcript
Upcoming events
Residents & medical students
Patient education materials
Claim CME
Meetings on-demand
Certificate of meeting attendance
Session handouts
Question of the week
JAAD quizzes
Case challenges
Dialogues in Dermatology
Practice management topics
Access all digital education
Live courses
Virtual Career Launch Boot Camp
Virtual Essentials of Cosmetic Dermatology
Academy meeting locations and dates
Direct a meeting session
Event calendar
Boards Fodder archive
Race for the case
Board Prep Plus
JAAD quizzes
Directions in Residency
Resources for medical students
Basic Dermatology Curriculum
Basement Membrane Zone
Featured
AAD Virtual Meeting Experience (VMX)
AAD VMX includes 14 robust sessions covering topics such as therapeutics, cosmetics, psoriasis, hair disorders, and more.
Education Center
Discover the wealth of educational opportunities offered through the Academy.
Practice Management
DataDerm
Coding Resource Center
MIPS reporting & fee schedule
Prior authorization & drug pricing
Compliance & scope of practice
Telederm & health tech
Managing your practice
Coronavirus Resource Center
Access your account
Enroll
EHR integration
Resources
FAQs
ICD-10-CM
E/M
Surgical & procedural
Modifiers
Audits
Quick coding guides
Derm Coding Consult
Coding webinars
Coding products
MIPS reporting guide
MIPS quality measures
Medicare fee schedule
Prior authorization letter tool
What is a prior authorization?
Reduce burdens
Prior authorization workflow
Prior authorization resources
Drug pricing tool
Compounding toolkit
Step therapy laws
CLIA
HIPAA
iPledge
OSHA
ADA
Workplace Safety
NP/PA laws
Truth in advertising laws
Compliance products
Telederm toolkit
Health information tech (HIT)
Office optimization
Staffing
Buying or selling a practice
Post a job
Combatting burnout
Promote your practice
AAD preferred vendors & discounts
Practice management products
Webinars
Clinical guidance
Government action
Teledermatology
Managing your business
Running Your Dermatology Practice During COVID-19
COVID-19 library
COVID-19 dermatology registry
Share your story
Featured
Need coding help?
Find practical guidance on coding issues common in dermatology practices.
MIPS: Step-by-step guide
Learn how to avoid a penalty and earn an incentive when reporting MIPS for 2019.
Clinical & quality
Clinical guidelines
Quality measures
DataDerm
Quality Innovation Center
Clinical care resources
Position statements
Acne
Atopic dermatitis
Melanoma
Basal cell carcinoma
Cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
Office-based surgery
Psoriasis
MIPS measures
Quality measures tool
Learn about AAD measures
Why use AAD measures for MIPS
Access your account
Enroll
EHR integration
FAQs
DW Insights & Inquiries
Burden of Skin Disease
Clinical apps
Boards fodder archive
Choosing Wisely
Appropriate use
Featured
Clinical guidelines
Review current clinical guidelines, those in development, and guidelines that the AAD has collaborated on.
Why use AAD measures?
The Academy has developed 22 quality measures to help advance quality improvement.
Publications & apps
JAAD
JAAD International
JAAD Case Reports
Dermatology World
DermWorld Insights & Inquiries
Derm Coding Consult
DermWorld Meeting News
Aspire
Other publications
AAD Apps
Dermatology Daily
DermWorld Weekly
DermWorld Directions in Residency
DermWorld Young Physician Focus
Academy Meeting app
Dialogues in Dermatology app
MyDermPath app
Mohs app
Featured
Latest news
Read this month's top stories in Dermatology World.
New insights
Check out DermWorld Insights & Inquiries for the latest updates from Dr. Warren Heymann
Career development
Job board
Join or sell a practice
Combatting burnout
Career launch
Diversity
Awards, grants & scholarships
Leadership Institute
Volunteer opportunities
Ethics & professionalism
Join a practice
Sell a practice
Practice models
Overcoming challenges
Care for yourself
Recharge your career
Leadership Forum
Academic Dermatology Leadership Program
Advanced Leadership Forum
Mentorship
Learning resources
Featured
Combat burnout
Access tools and practical guidance in evaluating and overcoming personal and staff burnout.
Joining or selling a practice?
Get help to evaluate what practice model fits your needs, as well as guidance on selling a practice.
Advocacy
Take action
Advocacy priorities
State advocacy resources
Legislative Conference
Position statements
Promote the specialty
Patient advocate resources
SkinPAC
Drug access & affordability
Sunscreen access
Indoor tanning
Payer advocacy
Scope-of-practice
Truth in advertising
Medical research funding
Teledermatology
Medicare physician payment
Medical liability protections
Find your state society
State advocacy grants
Step therapy legislation
Pending state legislation
State society resources
Advocate of the Year award
SkinSerious
Why see a dermatologist
What is a dermatologist
How to select a dermatologist
Promote your practice
Featured
Advocacy priorities
Learn about the Academy's advocacy priorities and how to join efforts to protect your practice.
Promote the specialty
Access resources to help you promote the specialty in your community and beyond.
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
AAD
Legal notice
Advertisement
Advertisement
Legal notice
Privacy policyThe American Academy of Dermatology (the Academy) is committed to maintaining the privacy of the personally identifiable information of visitors to its sites. Our policies are designed to disclose the information collected and how it will be used. This policy applies solely to the information provided while visiting this website. The terms of the privacy policy do not govern personal information furnished through any means other than this website (such as by telephone, mail, or email).Personal informationPersonal information such as postal and email address may be used internally for maintaining member records, and for marketing purposes for the AAD and AAD partners alerting customers or members of additional services available. Phone numbers may also be used by the Academy when questions about products or services arise. Aggregated or other non-personal information may be shared (i.e. information about you and other customers collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you) with third parties. We may also share this information, as well as persistent cookies (as defined below), with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising to you on our websites and retargeted advertising to you when you visit websites of third parties. We also may share aggregated information with third parties, including advertisers, research companies, vendors, and affinity partners for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to more appropriately target content and advertising. If you are an individual located within the European Union (EU), your personal data will be processed, used and stored in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Click here for our complete GDPR Privacy Policy.CookiesThis website uses pixels, which are a type of code that triggers user cookies. A cookie is a small file stored on the site user's computer or Web server. Session cookies are temporary files created when a user signs in on the website or uses the personalized features (such as keeping track of items in the shopping cart). Session cookies are removed when a user logs off or when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are permanent files and must be deleted manually through the site user’s web browser. Tracking or other information collected from persistent cookies or any session cookie is used to provide users with efficient navigation of the site, for the collection of site use analytics, or for marketing purposes, including retargeted marketing when users of this website visit the websites of third parties.Information provided on a form (such as registering for the Annual Scientific Meeting) is maintained at the Academy solely for that intended use, unless stated otherwise.Third Party CookiesPlease note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement