https://www.hlc.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement explains the types of personal information we may collect from visitors to this website, why we collect it, and with whom we may share it. It also describes how we protect your personal information and how you can contact us with any questions.
Information You Provide
You may choose to provide us with personal information via this website. For example, you may choose to email us through the addresses provided in the site, in which case we will receive your name, email address, and other information you include.
Information We Collect and Your Choices
We do not collect personal information when you visit our website unless you choose to provide it to us. From time to time, we may send interested parties news about developments or events that may be of interest to them. If you do not wish to receive further publications or emails, please contact us via email . We use personal information only for purposes consistent with the reasons you provided it.
We may collect non-personal web usage information about visitors to our site. This may include information about your browser type, geographic location, IP address, and pages you visit. We may also use third-party web analytic tools to analyze website traffic, cookies, or web beacons. Cookies are files or data placed on a visitor’s hard drive to store information that allow a website to recognize whether a certain computer or device has been used to visit the site in the past. A web beacon is a graphic on a web page or in an email that gathers non-personal web log information about pages visited or emails opened. You can adjust your browser settings to remove or block cookies.
Information We Share
If you provide personal information to us via the website, we may share it with service providers who assist us in activities such as technology or communications management. These providers are not authorized to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if required by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement or other government authorities, (iii) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent serious physical harm or in connection with an investigation of illegal or fraudulent activity, or (iv) where permitted or required by applicable rules of professional responsibility. We might also share personal information if we were to sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, in which case we would contractually require the recipient to treat the information in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
Protecting Personal Information
We maintain reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security measures intended to protect against loss, misuse, or improper access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of personal information.
Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information, but we do not operate these websites and are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their practices.
Children
If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information to us online.
Changing your Information and Contacting Us
If you would like to access or change information you have submitted to us online, or if you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us via email.
Changes to this Notice
We may update this Privacy Statement at any time and, if so, we will post the new effective date below. If we revise this Privacy Statement due to a change in our online privacy practices, we will post a prominent announcement on this site.
Effective Date
The effective date of these Terms of Use is September 10, 2018.
Newsroom
HLC Most Favored Nation Media Briefing
December 10, 2020
Statement by HLC President Mary R. Grealy on Selection of Xavier Becerra to Serve as HHS Secretary
December 7, 2020
CMS Implementation of Rule Mandating E-Prescribing of Controlled Substances in 2021 is Right Move for Public Health
December 2, 2020
See More
Dealing With Disaster:
Applying Lessons Learned from a Pandemic
November 30, 2020
We Need a Patient-Centered Approach to Pharmaceutical Affordability
October 7, 2020
Enhance and Expand Access to Vaccines
September 16, 2020
See More