http://www.iuhpe.org/index.php/en/misc-nav-en/privacy-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
Users
Remember Me
Log in
Create an account
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?
Member
Become a member
Privacy policy
Print
IUHPE values the protection and confidentiality of your personal data. Therefore, we comply with applicable data privacy legislation in relation to processing personal data.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
IUHPE may collect the following information: name; contact information including email address; demographic information such as postcode and interests; as well as other information relevant to the membership process and accreditation application.
We require this information to provide services to our members and manage applications for accreditation, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Improvement of our services
Sending periodic emails containing information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address that you have provided.
We will use your personal data only for the purpose(s) for which you have given permission. We only share membership information with SAGE publications, with whom we signed a Data Processing Agreement protecting our members from any abusive uses. Personal data is processed by SAGE for the strict purpose of distributing IUHPE’s official journal, Global Health Promotion, sending updates on recent articles and undertaking peer review.
We will not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease any personal information collected online or offline.
How can you withdraw consent to be emailed or unsubscribe from receiving emails?
If you wish to stop receiving emails from the IUHPE, you may do so by clicking the “unsubscribe’’ link at the bottom of any email. You can also contact us by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information while becoming a member or applying for accreditation, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
What about access to information and data rectification?
You have at any time the right of access, modification, correction and removal of your data that has been collected in our database and can implement these rights by contacting IUHPE at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. You may also write to us to request a copy of the information that IUHPE has about you.
How does the IUHPE collect personal data?
IUHPE only collects personal data that you give us yourself when you create an account on our website, while becoming a member or applying for accreditation.
What personal data does IUHPE process?
IUHPE only processes the personal data needed to provide services to our members and manage accreditation applications. If you just create an account without becoming a member or applying for accreditation, we will not use your data (login and email address).
When and why does IUHPE process personal data?
IUHPE only processes data if you have explicitly given your permission for this.
How does IUHPE treat personal data?
Your data are used with the sole purpose of providing services to our members and managing applications for accreditation. We only share membership information with SAGE publications, with whom we signed a Data Processing Agreement protecting our members from any abusive uses. Personal data is processed by SAGE for the strict purpose of distributing IUHPE’s official journal, Global Health Promotion, sending updates on recent articles and undertaking peer review.
Where and for how long does IUHPE keep personal data?
We digitally store our data in our content management system, which is physically located in France.
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. Only your email will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy (link is external) and Terms (link is external).
If you become a member or apply for accreditation, we will keep your data for a maximum period of three years, following the expiration of your IUHPE membership or of your status as an IUHPE Registered Health Promotion practitioner. The IUHPE may also decide to collect some data in an aggregated form over a longer period in order to evaluate and make adjustments to its own activities (e.g. website visitors, newsletter opening track record). This data will be stored for a period of three years. After this time, it will be deleted.
If you only create an account and it does not shows any activity during the course of one year, we will delete said account from our system.
For security, both our website and content management system have security technologies and measures, which are periodically reviewed and updated if necessary.
Does IUHPE keep my personal data safe?
Your data is processed in a way that is secure. We also use various security technologies and measures to protect your data from unauthorised access, use, loss or publication. These technologies and measures are periodically reviewed and updated if necessary.
What can I do about my own personal data?
If you want to update any of your contact details, you can do so by emailing This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. You have the right to be ‘forgotten’. To request this and have your data completely erased, please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
If you feel that your data has been handled incorrectly, you can submit a complaint to the European Data Protection Supervisor.
How do we use cookies?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. By continuing to use this site you agree to a file being added. This site uses cookies to anonymously analyse web traffic and to allow users to log into the member areas.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to visitors’ needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
What about links to other websites?
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact us
The controller of your personal data, under applicable data privacy legislation and regarding the processing of personal information, is:
International Union for Health Promotion and Education (IUHPE)
c/° Agence nationale de Santé – Santé Publique France
12 rue du Val d’Osne
94415 Saint-Maurice cedex, France
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, you may contact us at the above address or email address.