https://www.thals.org/privacy
Menu
About Thalassemia
About Us
Support Us
Contact Us
Workshop
Zakat for Life
Donate Blood
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit
http://www.thals.org (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including
information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on
your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or
products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how
you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device
Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an
anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address,
browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to
record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you donate at the weebsite or attempt to donate through the Site or
submit a lead ad from on facebook, we collect certain information from you, including your name, address,
email address, phone number and other information. We refer to this information as “Website User
Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about
Device Information and Website User Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Website User Information to:
-Communicate with you;
-When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising
relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating
analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our
marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described
above. For example, we use Mailchimp to send email to our users--you can read more about how Mailchimp uses
your Personal Information here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. We also use Google Analytics to help
us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal
Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics
here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to
respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise
protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing
communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising
works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not
Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to
ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this
right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to
fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed
above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to
Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you sign up in the Site, we will maintain your Personal Information for our records unless and until you
ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our
practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@thals.org.
Contact Info
30 Chamelibagh, Shantinagar,
Dhaka - 1217
Phone: +880 2 8332481
Email:
info@thals.org
About Us
Bangladesh Thalassemia Foundation is a non-profit organization working on the prevention and treatment of
thalassemia in Bangladesh.
Social Welfare Department Registration# Dha-07055 (Dated: June 23, 2002)
Donations made to the foundation are not tax-exempted.
Follow us
© 2020 Bangladesh Thalassemia Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Reference · Privacy Policy