http://www.wellingtonvet.com/privacy.html
45015 State Route 18Wellington, OH 44090
(440) 647-4100
Schedule Your NextAppointment Online
Follow us onFacebook
Quality care for your livestock
& companion animals
(440) 647-4100Contact Us
Home
About Us
Hours of Operation
Meet our Vets/Staff
Our History
Services
Wellness Care
Medical Services
Surgical Services
On-Farm Services
Additional Services
Luxury Lodging
Luxury Lodging
Policies & Forms
Pre-Registration
Live Lodge Cams
Grooming
Health Care
Dogs & Cats
Equine
Alpaca
Livestock
Client Info
Hours of Operation
Forms to Download
Contact Us
Menu
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Wellington Veterinary Clinic, Inc. only collects data for the purposes of serving our customers as part of an impending, ongoing, or a past business relationship.
We will under no circumstances sell our customers' information to any third parties.
Entries in our guest book (if we have one) are voluntary, and posted email addresses and home page URLs may be visible to other persons on the internet.
We do not collect or give out any information to any third party vendors or internet businesses. No information will ever be disclosed to outside parties. Our on line Pharmacy and Pet Portals links are controlled by WVC. Your contact information to these site areas is closely protected. You can be assured that we will strictly adhere to our policy to protect your privacy. We recognize the importance of protecting the personal privacy of our clients, patients, and those individuals who simply visit our site.
Wellington Veterinary Clinic, Inc.
45015 St. Rt. 18
Wellington, OH
44090
Disclaimers
The information provided in this Website is not intended to be a replacement for veterinary care.
Only a veterinarian can make a medical diagnosis after thorough examination of an animal.
Always consult a veterinary professional to answer your medical questions.
Schedule Your Next Appointment Online
Hospital Hours
Hospital Hours
What's New?
Monday
7:30 am — 5:00 pm
Tuesday – Thursday
7:30 am — 7:30 pm
Friday
7:30 am — 5:00 pm
Saturday
7:30 am — noon
Emergency services available
What's New?
Nov 18th 2019
HOLIDAY PET PICTURES
More news
Live lodge cams
Emergency Services
On-line store
What is On-line Store?
Pet PortalSchedule appointment online
What is Pet Portal?
Home
About Us
Services
Luxury Lodging
Grooming
Health Care
Client Info
Contact Us
Copyright © 2004—2020 Wellingon Veternary Clinic, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement
Designed by Relmax, Inc.
Information included in this site is believed to be accurate, but is not guaranteed. Wellington Veterinary Clinic is not liable for any errors or omissions. You acknowledge that any reliance upon such information found on this site shall be at your own risk. Use of the Wellington Veterinary Clinic website implies that you accept the preceding terms and conditions.