http://www.einstein.edu/vascular-surgery/conditions/wound-care-center
We Welcome Our Patients With Strong Safety Measures, Virtual Appointments and More. Visit our
Safe Care Page for Key Information.
Home / Services / Vascular Surgery / Conditions & Treatments / Wound Care Center
Vascular Surgery
Vascular Surgery Home
Conditions & Treatments
Our Specialists
Locations
Conditions & Treatments
Wound Care Center
Poor circulation due to heart or vascular disease can lead to slower wound healing. Whether you are recovering from surgery or have other wounds that are not healing properly, Einstein’s Center for Wound Healing offers the latest in advanced therapies and comprehensive wound treatment. Our team consistently meets or exceeds benchmarks for patient satisfaction and days until healed. Learn more about wound healing at the Center.
Our vascular surgeons are experts in the latest techniques for improving blood flow to your wound, and other therapies that help promote healing. Treatments include:
Hyperbaric Oxygen Treatment
Wounds need oxygen to heal. Using a chamber that raises oxygen levels to 100% under a higher than normal atmospheric pressure helps your wounds get more oxygen to help promote healing.
Negative Pressure Wound Therapy
This treatment uses a vacuum seal around the wound to increase blood flow to the wound and draw fluid out, helping the wound heal more quickly.
Debridement Therapy
Removing dead or dying tissue from the wound helps reduce the risk of infection and allows the wound to heal. Debridement may be done by cutting away the dead tissue, or by using therapeutic fly larvae. The fly larvae are germ-free, and only feed on dead tissue and bacteria, while secreting an antimicrobial substance that helps disinfect the wound. They are applied under a dressing to keep them in place and removed after two to three days.
Compression Therapy
Compression stockings help improve circulation, which can speed up wound healing, limit swelling and help prevent infection.
Advanced Biological Wound Dressings
There are many different types of wound care dressings. Biological wound dressings that contain live human cells or therapies that promote your body’s natural healing processes may aid in healing wounds.
Growth Factor Treatment
Medications that help stimulate blood cell production may aid in healing if your blood cell counts are low.
Nutrition & Lifestyle Counseling
As part of your treatment, your care team may recommend dietary or other lifestyle changes to help with healing.
Skin Grafting & Skin Substitutes
Some wounds that are not healing may require a graft being placed over the wound. This may require surgically removing healthy skin from another area of your body. Or your doctor may recommend a skin substitute, which is generally made from biocompatible materials such as silicone and nylon, along with living human or animal cells. These skin substitutes may be permanent, or they may be temporary and separate from your skin as the wound heals.
Schedule an Appointment
If you have a wound that will not heal, talk to an Einstein vascular specialist about your options.
Request an Appointment
How can we help you?
Request an Appointment
Call us: 1-800-Einstein
Training, Education and Research
At Einstein, our vascular surgery team is actively invested in resident education.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Stay Connected
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
© 2020 Einstein Healthcare Network. All rights reserved.