https://www.conformit.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyCONFORMiT is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy sets out how CONFORMiT uses and protects any information that you provide us when you use the Site.INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT- Your name - Your email address - Your company name - Your title - Your country - Telephone numberThe information we collect may be used to verify your identity and to correspond with you (such as through email newsletters or correspondence to us initiated by you).
All email newsletters contain instructions to unsubscribe from the mailing list. You can also contact us at conformit@conformit.com to remove your email address from our mailing list at any time.We will never sell or share your personal information to any persons or organizations except when required by law for the investigation of illegal or criminal actives, the exercise of legal rights or in defense against any legal claims, or otherwise.COOKIES - HOW WE USE THEMA cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the Site to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the Site so when you next visit the Site your preferences for using the Site are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on the Site (such as your Update Feed). You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:- For Microsoft Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx - For Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647 - For Apple Safari 5: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.htmlWe use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise CONFORMiT across the Internet.AdWords remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the CONFORMiT website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser. This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that
“This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.If you do not wish to see ads from CONFORMiT you can opt out in several ways:1. Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. 2. Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.ONLINE ADVERTISING WE USEWe use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise CONFORMiT across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the CONFORMiT website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/choices/CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe make every effort to give you access to your personal information, to allow you to correct any inaccuracies, or to remove your personal information at your request provided it is not required for genuine business purposes or by law to be retained.We require you identify yourself and the information you request to access, remove, modify or correct before commencing such requests. We may refuse requests that are of unreasonable technical effort or would be highly unfeasible, endanger the privacy of others, or require access that is not normally necessary. When we provide access to your personal information for the purposes of modification, correction or removal, we do so free of charge except where doing so requires a unreasonable effort.To request access, correction or removal of your personal information, please contact conformit@conformit.com. We will remove all of your information and data from the Site within 7 business days upon receipt of your request.This policy is effective October 6th, 2017.conformit@conformit.com+1 888 545-9265About Us EHS Software Blog Careers Demo Privacy Policy
CONFORMiT EHS Software To optimize Occupational health and safety processes Environment, Health and Safety solutions © 2020 CONFORMiT®. All rights reserved.