http://www.sinai.org/content/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Sinai Health System
Skip to main content
Call
(773) 542-2000
English
Español
Text size:-
+
Phone: 773.542.2000  |  Terms of Use
Sinai 100
About
Locations
Services
Safety & Quality
Careers
Giving
Family Practice Residency
Internal Medicine Residency - Alumni
(PRESS RELEASE) CARES Act funding for Sinai’s Ambulatory Surgery Center at Ogden Commons
Donate Now (COVID-19 Response Fund) | Caregiver COVID-19 Survey | COVID-19 Community Assessment
NEWS | Caregiver Tests Positive for COVID-19 | Notice of Sinai Security Incident  |  Caregiver Flu Restrictions
Search
Patients & Visitors
For Physicians
Students & Residents
Find A Doctor
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions
Sinai Health System, and its affiliates, are committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to its website. We have made it our goal to maintain compliance with the highest standards of website privacy so our visitors may comfortably and safely use the site for a range of healthcare information needs.
STATEMENT OF POLICY:
Sinai Health System routinely collects information about site navigation of website visitors. This information is used only to help us monitor heavy traffic areas and to improve on user friendliness. The information collected is only on use patterns and is not linked to any personal identifying information.
GUIDELINES/PROCEDURES:
Sinai Health System does not collect any identifying or personal data on site users unless that information is submitted as part of a request for service or information, such as registering for a health program or event.
Sinai Health System uses "Google Analytics" to collect information about the use of this site.  Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.  You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
If a user submits additional identifying information (as noted above), that information is available only to the Sinai Health System staff involved in implementing the requested activity.
Sinai Health System does not sell, share or release any information about website users to any third parties. Personal information about individual website users, as submitted as part of a service or information request, will not be shared in any way without specific consent from the user. However, we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so.
In cases of e-mail exchanges between users and Sinai staff the possibility exists that unauthorized individuals may intercept e-mail messages. Therefore, Sinai Health System is not responsible for privacy of e-mail messages except those stored in our system. Information sent by e-mail to Sinai Health System will be accessed only by Sinai staff as necessary to complete the function requested by the website user.
The servers on which we store information are kept in a secure environment, and operated by a separate company (www.acquia.com), and are protected electronically from access by unauthorized individuals.
Sinai Health System provides links to other sites. Privacy policies may vary from individual site to site. Users are encouraged to review the privacy policy of each linked site, as Sinai Health System is not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures of other sites.
All information on our website is for educational purposes only. It is presented in summary form in order to impart general information relating to certain diseases, ailments, physical conditions and their treatments. The information should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or a disease, nor is it a substitute for professional care. Should you have any health-care related questions or suspect you have a health problem, you should consult your health-care provider. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. Reliance on any information provided by Sinai Health System’s website is solely at your own risk.
Any changes to this policy will be reflected and effective as of the date they are posted on the website.
How to Contact the Web Team
Sinai Health SystemAttn: Marketing1500 South Fairfield AvenueChicago, Illinois 60608info@sinai.org
Español
Connect with us
Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram
Giving|For Caregivers
Sinai Health System complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
What can we help you find?
Bill payment
Community Benefit Report
Donate
Careers
Financial Assistance
MySinaiHealth.org
Newsroom
Notice of Privacy Practices
Site Map
Volunteer
Members of Sinai Health System
Sinai Health System
1500 South Fairfield Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60608
773.542.2000
Mount Sinai Hospital
1500 South Fairfield Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60608
773.542.2000
Holy Cross Hospital
2701 West 68th Street
Chicago, Illinois 60629
773.884.9000
Sinai Medical Group
,
Sinai Community Institute
2653 West Ogden Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60608
773.257.6508
Sinai Urban Health Institute
1500 South Fairfield Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60608
773.257.5061
Schwab Rehabilitation Hospital
1401 South California Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60608
773.522.2010
Sinai Children's Hospital
1500 South Fairfield Avenue
Chicago, Illinois 60608
773.542.2000
©2020 Sinai Health System. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Featured Services
Maternity Care
Primary Care
Diabetes Care
Cancer Care
Emergency Care
Physical Rehabilitation
Heart and Vascular
Receiving Care
Locations & Maps
Visiting Hours
Parking
Accepted Health Plans
Pay Your Bill
Your Medical Records
SHS Charge Description Master
Pharmacy
Find a Doctor
Insurance plans accepted
Care in the Community
Community Health Needs Assessments (CHNA)
ACA Enrollment
Community Services
Events
Social Service Resources
Caregiver Spotlight with Kim Artis of SUHI
Why is Sinai the right choice for expectant mothers?
Featured Content
Find the right doctor for you
Contact Sinai Health System
(773) 542-2000
Working with Sinai
Physician Directory
Physician Referrals
Progress Health
Research & Education
Current Research
Care in the Community
Community Health Needs Assessments (CHNA)
Our SMG Clinics
Annual Cancer Report
Community Services
What is Progress Health?
Sinai receives Cardiac Care Award
Contact Sinai Health System
(773) 542-2000
Residency Programs
Family Practice
Internal Medicine
Obstetrics and Gynecology
Pediatrics
Pharmacy
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Podiatric Surgery
Surgery
Medical & Nursing Students
Educational Opportunities with Schwab
Employment Opportunities
Other Training Programs
Under the Rainbow: Clinical Training Program
Volunteering & Internships
Featured Content
Holy Cross is expanding its ENT services
Contact Sinai Health System
(773) 542-2000