http://www.clma.org/page/privacy-policy
LoginSearch CLMAYour CartToggle navigation
ABOUT About CLMAHistoryLeadership and CommitteesPartnersASCP PartnershipContact
JOIN Become a MemberMembership Benefits
LEARN COVID-19 Resource CommunityOnline Education CenterBody of KnowledgeIndustry PulseUpcoming WebinarsCLMRIncreasing Clinical Effectiveness
ATTEND CalendarKnowledgeLabLegislative SymposiumLab Week
CONNECT COVID-19 Resource CommunityChaptersShared Interest GroupsAdvocacyCareer Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Clinical Laboratory Management Association (CLMA)  is very aware of our customer's needs for security and privacy. To
that end the following document describes how we control you and your
organizations private information. In our privacy statement we will outline:
What personally identifiable information CLMA collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through
the Web site.
What organization collects the information.
How CLMA uses the information.
With whom CLMA may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and
distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss,
misuse or alteration of information under Socious control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Please read the following document carefully, and if you have questions
or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact info@clma.org.
Information Collection
The CLMA is the sole owner of the information collected on
www.clma.org.
The CLMA collects information from our users at several different points on
our Web site.
Registration
In order to use this Web site, a user must first complete the registration
form. During registration a user is required to give contact information
(such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the
user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest. It is
optional for the user to provide demographic and profile information, but it
is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
User and Group Information
Other members of the CLMA may view information you provide about
yourself and your organization. This information includes such items as Email Address and other information you
provide. At any time you may opt out of allowing other users to view this
information. By removing the information from the system, other users will
not be able to see it. The CLMA does not store this information after you
remove it - in order to enable it again you must re-enter the information.
Organization pages include basic demographic information about type of
institution, location, mailing address, contact phone number, and contact
person. Organization can opt out of some of these pieces of information
(contact phone number, contact person) by not providing the information.
Vendors
Vendor Partners are never given access to user pages, but are able to view
organization pages.
Forum Community
During your use of this Web site, you may wish to participate in our Forum
Community by asking questions or responding to other users' questions. Any
information you provide within this area may be viewed by other members of
the CLMA community. It is encouraged that you never provide any sensitive
or private information in this area. When these items are displayed for
others to see, CLMA website will display your name, your message, your signature
file, your organization's name and their logo.
Technical Library
During your use of this Web site, you may wish to participate in our
Technical Library by downloading or providing files for other users. Any
information you provide within this area may be viewed by other members of
the CLMA. It is encouraged that you never provide any sensitive or private
information in this area. CLMA Website Vendor Partners are never
allowed to view client files, or other Vendor files. Vendor partners may
only see files that their organization has added.
News Network
During your use of this Web site, you may wish to participate in our News
Network by providing news and information relating to the IT industry. Any
information you provide within this area may be viewed by other members of
the CLMA. It is encouraged that you never provide any sensitive
or private information in this area. When these items are displayed for
others to see, the CLMA website will display your organization's name and their logo.
Information Use
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, and log files and
users to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that
we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences.
Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally
identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the
site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web
site. Your profile will only be shared as part of an aggregate form with no
personal or identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to
information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any
personally identifiable information while on our site. We only use session
ID cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the
cookie simply terminates.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet
protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks
to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the
aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP
addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information, and
are never given to third parties. Aggregate information may be used by
the CLMA in order to provide vendor partners with more detailed information
on our clients usage, and for the CLMA to enhance our services.
Communications from the Site
Vendor Mailings
While vendors are never given email addresses, they may request us to
send occasional emails to our membership. You as a user have a right to
opt out of receiving these emails, and may do so by updating your
profile online. By selecting 'Prevent vendors from sending email to you'
will stop any further mailings. Alternately, you may send an email to
info@clma.org and a support
representative will handle your request promptly.
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new members a welcoming email
to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally
receive information from the CLMA and a
newsletter.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related
announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for
maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out
of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However,
these communications are not promotional in nature.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services
and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or
phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to
disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a
good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current
judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not
linked to any personally identifiable information.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders. These companies do not
retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any
secondary purposes.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we,
the CLMA, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the
privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to
information collected by this Web site.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When
users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is
protected both online and off-line.
Should you ever be need to provide sensitive information (such as a credit
card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted
and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom
of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer
becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just
"surfing". While we currently do not collect any of this type of
information, it is possible we will provide services requiring this need in
the future.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also
do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our
users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is
restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to
perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service
representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy
practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our
employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on
privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected.
Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a
secure environment,.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can
send an email to info@clma.org
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code,
phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service,
we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally
identifiable information. This can usually be done at the on your profile or
by emailing our Customer Support at info@clma.org. Or, contact us via contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to
this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate
so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it,
and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use
information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the
information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information
in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will
notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use
their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out
of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account,
then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used
in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our
privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our
database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of
the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users,
who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the
changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy,
please contact us at:
Email: info@clma.org
Get to
Know CLMAAbout CLMABoard of DirectorsMembership DirectoryGet Involved with CLMAJoin CLMAUpcoming EventsPartner with CLMAGet Inspired by CLMAOnline Education CenterBody of KnowledgeUpcoming WebinarsContact |
Privacy×OKCancel