http://www.kgh.on.ca/about-us/board-directors/help-shape-future-health-care-southeastern-ontario
Time to move on to a modern browser
This website contains features not supported by your current web browser. To view this website please use a more current version of web browser.
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer 11
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome / Board of Directors / Help shape the future of health care in southeastern Ontario
Help shape the future of health care in southeastern Ontario
Kingston Health Sciences Centre is looking for volunteers for the board of directors
The board of directors is comprised of 12 elected volunteers who bring specific skills and are responsible for oversight of KHSC's strategy, risk management, financial management, internal controls, reporting and communications.
As a member of this board, you will have an opportunity to shape and determine how best to deliver services and programs to ensure care is delivered where it is needed most, to transform patients' experiences, and to improve the health of people across the region.
We are seeking an individual who holds the designation of Chartered Professional Accountant to fill a recent vacancy.
The governance committee of the board oversees the nominating process and encourages applicants with diverse backgrounds and who reside in KHSC's catchment area.
The deadline for applications is now closed.
Interested applicants are invited to apply online, or complete the application form and either email it to KHSCceo@kingstonhsc.ca, fax it to 613-549-6707, or mail it to: KHSC Board of Directors Governance Committee, 76 Stuart Street, Watkins 2, Kingston, K7L 2V7 Attention: Brenda Hunter, Committee Chair.
Board related documents:
Conflict of interest  provisions for Directors & External members
Board Conduct
Confidentiality
Position Description
Process for Nomination of Directors
Board orientation and ongoing development
Board and committee attendance
Who we are
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Innovation @ KHSC
Executive Team
Board of DirectorsBoard related documents
Board Recruitment
Patient and Family Advisory Council
Privacy And Access To Information
Our Foundation
Have feedback about your experience or need to find out how to contact someone at the hospital?
Connect now
Whether you're here for a long stay or a short one, you have several parking options to choose from.
Parking at KGH
Parking at HDH
Whether you are travelling by car or bus, you should have no trouble finding us. We also have direct taxi lines in the main lobby.
Tell me more
Are you looking to find or get in touch with a patient or family member here at the hospital? There are different ways you can reach them.
Tell me more
Click on the PDF or Word DOC icon to download/view the document. Click the title for more info.
Become a KGH
Patient Experience Advisor
List of local accommodation
CCSEO_Referral_Form_V9
KHSC-KGH site Molecular Genetics Hereditary Cancer Genetics Requisition (revised 2018.08)
KHSC-KGH site Molecular Genetics Long QT Requisition (revised 2019.10)
Tweets by @KingstonHSC
© Kingston Health Sciences Centre, 2020. All rights reserved. Employee Self Service|
KHSCNow|
Webmail Access|
Board Portal|
Citrix|
Career Hub|
Terms and Conditions|
KnowledgeNow|
E-Pay Stub
Menu
Search
Are You A...
Connect