http://www.healthycomputing.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
HealthyComputing.com's Commitment to Privacy
We respect your privacy. In order to better protect it, we provide this notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information Collected
If you visit our site and do not actively submit information to us, the only information gathered is the data stored in standard web server log files. These show the hostname, time of the visit, and the link or search terms used to access the Site. None of this information is personally identifiable with you. However, if you voluntarily send us information, such as a comment via an e-mail, or register for our services (e.g. newsletters), we may collect the information provided. If you do not want your contact information to be collected, simply indicate this in your message.
How We Use the Information Collected
We use the information gathered from log files to analyze general usage patterns and determine aggregate statistics, as well as to determine the link or search terms used to access our Site. This information is used to help us improve the design and features of our site, and may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis only. No individual information is shared. We use the information you voluntarily provide about yourself only to compile a mailing list (the "List"). Newsletter members are provided with informational updates and product announcements from us or our advertisers, partners or affiliates. However, we will not voluntarily release your contact information to any third parties without your knowledge. You can be removed from the List at any time and for any reason whatsoever. Simply send an e-mail to remove@HealthyComputing.com, and we will promptly remove your information from the List.
Third Party Links
There are a variety of links within the Site to other companies' websites. HealthyComputing.com's privacy policy pertains to the pages on our site only; we do not control or know how, if at all, those companies use the information they receive from your visit. If you are concerned, please read those companies' privacy policies.
Updates and Changes
We may be occasionally required to update or change our privacy policy; the latest version wil always be available for review at http://www.healthycomputing.com/privacy.html. In order for you to make informed decisions about your privacy, any changes will be clearly marked, and will not taked effect until posted for at least 30 days.
How to Contact Us
We are dedicated to providing our visitors with a positive and comfortable user experience. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions on how we can improve our privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@healthycomputing.com.