https://www.brilliantdistinctionsprogram.com/termsandconditions
CLICK HERE to see IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and PRESCRIBING INFORMATION FOR
BOTOX® Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA), KYBELLA® (deoxycholic acid)
injection 10 mg/mL, and LATISSE® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03% and
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION for JUVÉDERM® XC, JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC, JUVÉDERM®
VOLLURE™ XC, JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC, CoolSculpting®, CoolTone™, Natrelle®
Breast Implants, and REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System, DiamondGlow™, and SkinMedica® below.
SIGN IN
HOW IT WORKSOverviewVideosFIND A PROVIDER
Member
Password   RESET PASSWORD
Show
SIGN IN
Consumer Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions
Updated 10/08/19
The Consumer Loyalty Program (“Program”), owned and operated by Allergan, Inc. (“Allergan,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is provided to you (“you,” “you,” or “User”) under the following terms and conditions, including the amendments thereto and with any additional terms and conditions, rules, or polices that may be applicable to particular offerings made in connection with the Program (collectively, the “Terms and Conditions”). Your failure to follow the Program’s rules, whether listed below or in supplemental notices posted at various points in the Program, may result in termination of your access and membership to the Program and all points you have accrued in the Program, without notice, in addition to Allergan’s other remedies. Your membership, access to, and use of the Program are subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement and all applicable laws and regulations, including the laws and regulations governing copyrights and trademarks. The Terms and Conditions of this agreement shall supersede all previous loyalty program rules and/or terms and conditions. The following rules may be modified by Allergan from time to time. Any such changes shall be reflected in an updated version of the Terms and Conditions posted on this site. BY ACCESSING THE PROGRAM, YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS USER AGREEMENT.
Description of the Program
The Program is an online, points-based program where registered users of the Program may accrue points by engaging in certain activities, and may, in turn, redeem points for certain benefits (“Benefits”) provided by Allergan. The current Benefits offered shall be described in the Program FAQs of the Program Information. Points accrued in the Program are nontransferable to other users or accounts and have no cash or monetary value. The Program may be changed from time to time in Allergan’s sole discretion. Any change to the Program or these Terms and Conditions will be posted on this site so you are encouraged to visit the site often.
Program Eligibility
Registered users of the Program must be legal residents of the United States or Puerto Rico and be 18 years of age or older at the time of registration to be eligible. Void where prohibited by law. Employees of Allergan and its related entities and their immediate families are eligible. Only one member account per person. All products purchased to qualify for this program must be purchased within the United States.
Reservation of Rights
The Program and its Benefits are offered at Allergan’s discretion, and Allergan has the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Program, including the point levels and Benefits offered, in whole or in part, for any reason, at our sole discretion. Allergan may, among other options, withdraw, limit, modify, or cancel any Benefit; increase the points required for any Benefit; or modify or condition the transferability of Benefits. You agree that Allergan will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or discontinuance of the Program of Benefit offered, in whole or in part.
Membership Registration
In consideration of your use of the Program, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the online registration form and to maintain and promptly update your personal data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any information not true, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete; or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is not true, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete; we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and to refuse any and all current or future use of the Program (or any portion thereof) by you. Only one member account per person. If you attempt to obtain more than one Program account, we may terminate your registration and all earned points may be forfeited.
The Program requires users to enter their mobile number as a unique identifier upon registration. The mobile number entered cannot be linked to any other active member account. Users will receive Program updates and promotional offers via text message to their mobile device. Messages will be sent monthly and message and data rates may apply. Users can unsubscribe from these Program messages at any time by updating their profile preferences or by texting "STOP". Assistance can be received by texting "HELP". If a user unsubscribes, they are still able to receive transactional text messages upon request; i.e., Forgot Password.
Mobile Terms and Conditions
There is no fee from Brilliant Distinctions® to receive messages.
Message & data rates may apply– this can be confirmed with your mobile service provider.
Charges are billed and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account. Consent is not a requirement for purchase.
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your cell phone number, your carrier's name and the date, time and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer's equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. The wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered and will not be held liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
For information on data collection and use, please read our full corporate Privacy Policy.
We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. T-Mobile® is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
The service is available on these US carriers only:
Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel , Boost, T-Mobile®, AT&T, Alltel, ACS Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Carolina West Wireless, CellCom, Cellular One of East Central Illinois (ECIT), Cincinnati Bell, Cricket, C-Spire Wireless, Duet IP (AKA Max/Benton/Albandy), Element Mobile, Epic Touch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), Illinois Valley Cellular (IVC), Inland Cellular, iWireless, Keystone Wireless (Immix/PC Management), MetroPCS, MobiPCS, Mosaic, MTPCS/Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Panhandle Telecommunications, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, Rina-Custer, Rina-All West, Rina- Cambridge Telecom Coop, Rina-Eagle Valley Comm, Rina-Farmers Mutual Telephone Co, Rina-Nucla Nutria Telephone Co, Rina- Silver Star, Rina- South Central Comm, Rina- Syringa, Rina- UBET, Rina- Manti, Simmetry, South Canaan/CellularOne of NEPA, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, U.S. Cellular, Viaero Wireless, Virgin Mobile, West Central Wireless (includes Five Star Wireless).
By subscribing to Brilliant Distinctions® Texts, the user consents to receive automated text messages from Brilliant Distinctions®, other parties within Brilliant Distinctions®, and its partners. Message & data rates may apply.
If you have any questions, text HELP to 65190 or contact us at 1-888-324-2745. To stop receiving messages text STOP to 65190.
Account Security
You will receive account designation upon completing the registration process, which includes password selection. You agree to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account, and that you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account or any other breach of security, and to log out at the end of each session. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these conditions. If for any reason your account is terminated by either you or by us, all of your points accrued will be forfeited.
Earning Program Points
Brilliant Distinctions® Points can only be earned and redeemed on cash-pay (i.e., no government or private health plan reimbursement) breast augmentation procedure with Natrelle® Gel Breast Implants, and are subject to additional rules and regulations.
To earn and accumulate points, you must undertake an activity outlined in the Program FAQs of the Program Information provided to you by your participating physician or contained within this site, which may include: purchasing BOTOX® Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA), and/or JUVÉDERM® treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC treatments, and/or KYBELLA® (deoxycholic acid) injection 10 mg/mL, and/or CoolSculpting® treatments, and/or CoolTone™ treatments, and/or LATISSE® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03% kit(s), and/or SkinMedica® products, and/or Natrelle® Gel Breast Implants, and/or REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System treatments, and/or DiamondGlow™ treatments, from a preferred physician participating in this Program, as well as purchasing products in the Brilliant Distinctions® Mall. We expressly reserve the right to establish additional means of accruing points; to remove any or all of the means currently in effect; to exclude certain types of transactions from the accumulation of points; to specify periods after which unused points will be forfeited or reduced in percentage. Points can be accrued only for activity taken and completed by you and can be applied only to your account. We will use reasonable efforts to allocate earned points to your account; however, you are responsible for ensuring that your points are properly credited. If you believe that points have been earned but not credited, we reserve the right to require proof of accrual; including, but not limited to, copies or receipts or similar documentation verifying any transactions claimed to have been performed. We must receive any claims of points by you and proof of accrual within sixty (60) days after the date such points are claimed to have been earned. Points will be maintained in your account until they are redeemed for benefits or are forfeited, whichever occurs first. All decisions regarding point balances, benefits, forfeitures, and the identity of any individual accessing an account, are within our sole discretion.
Since injection intervals of BOTOX® Cosmetic should be no more frequent than every 3 months, you will not be awarded points for a BOTOX® Cosmetic treatment less than 3 months from your last treatment. Since treatments with KYBELLA® should be no more frequent than once a month, receiving a treatment less than one month from your last treatment or more than six (6) total single treatments will not result in awarded points. CoolSculpting® cycles should be no more frequent than every six (6) weeks. You will not be awarded points for a CoolSculpting® cycle received less than six (6) weeks from your last cycle. For CoolSculpting® or CoolTone™ you may earn points for a maximum of 16 cycles for CoolSculpting® and 16 cycles for CoolTone™ per rolling 12 months. Points are awarded for only one breast augmentation procedure with Natrelle® Gel Breast Implants. JUVÉDERM® XC and JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC treatments have a 12-month rolling syringe cap of 8 syringes with 1 treatment per 24 hours and 4 syringes max per treatment. JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC treatments have a 12-month rolling syringe cap of 8 syringes with 4 syringes max per treatment. JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC treatments have a 12-month rolling syringe cap of 8 syringes with 1 treatment per 24 hours and 4 syringes max per treatment, regardless of syringe size. There are no restrictions on the purchase of LATISSE® or SkinMedica® skin care products. There are no restrictions on frequency of earning points on DiamondGlow™ treatments.
Points are only eligible for BOTOX® Cosmetic treatments, JUVÉDERM® treatments, JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC treatments, JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC treatments, JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC treatments, KYBELLA® treatments, CoolSculpting® treatments, CoolTone™ treatments, LATISSE® kit purchases, Natrelle® Gel Breast Implant purchases, REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System treatments, DiamondGlow™ treatments, and/or SkinMedica® products purchases.
Points will only be issued if you have provided your participating physician with authorization to share information about your treatment with the Program. You may revoke this authorization at any time, but if you do so, you may no longer be eligible to participate in the Program.
When you purchase in-office BOTOX® Cosmetic treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC treatments, and/or Kybella® treatments, and/or CoolSculpting® treatments, and/or CoolTone™ treatments, and/or LATISSE® kit(s), and/or SkinMedica® products, and/or Natrelle®Gel Breast Implants, and/or REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System treatments, and/or DiamondGlow™ treatments, you will be issued points by your physician. Points may also be earned for the online purchase of SkinMedica® products through a participating physician’s Allergan online store. Points are automatically deposited within 24 to 48 hours (if not cancelled by the physician).
If you live in a non-dispensing state, you will not be able to earn points on LATISSE® kit(s) in a pharmacy.
Brilliant Distinctions® offers three different tiers of membership, with more benefits and points-earningopportunities at each tier.
Silver – You are automatically enrolled here when you join and will receive special discounts on the qualifying products within the Brilliant Distinctions® Portfolio.
Gold – Once you earn 600 Brilliant Distinctions® Points in one calendar year, you will receive all of the benefits of Silver as well as the ability to earn 50 bonus points on every treatment. You’ll also be eligible to receive a digital reward at the time you achieve Gold membership status.
Diamond – Once you earn 1200 Brilliant Distinctions® Points in one calendar year, you will receive all of the benefits of Silver, but your points will never expire as long as you maintain your status. You will also earn 100 bonus points on every treatment and will receive a digital reward at the time you achieve Diamond membership.
As a member of the Program, you will automatically be signed up to receive personalized emails, information, and offers from Allergan and/or its partners “Partners”) or as otherwise specified by Allergan via electronic mail or physical mail. At any time after you register you may opt out of emails regarding information and offers by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
You may view a summary of your Program points by logging onto BrilliantDistinctionsProgram.com.
Redeeming Program Points
You may redeem points accrued in your account for available Benefits, provided that your account is in good standing at the time of the points redemption request. Points may be redeemed at any participating physician’s office and can be applied to in-office BOTOX® Cosmetic and/or JUVÉDERM® treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC treatments, and/or JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC treatments, and/or KYBELLA® treatments, and/or CoolSculpting® treatments, CoolTone™ treatments, and product purchases for LATISSE® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03%, SkinMedica® products, and/or Natrelle® Gel Breast Implants, and/or REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System treatments, and/or DiamondGlow™ treatments, or as a donation to the charitable partners of the program (currently Dress for Success® and Make-A-Wish Foundation®). Points may also be redeemed for the online purchase of SkinMedica® products through a participating physician’s Allergan online store.
If you live in a non-dispensing state, you will not be able to redeempoints on LATISSE® kit(s) in a pharmacy. The amount of points available for each qualified Benefit and the types of Benefits available for redemption shall be determined in the sole discretion of Allergan, all of which is subject to change, modification, addition, or deletion from Allergan at any time and without prior notice.
Points that you redeem shall immediately be deducted from your account upon presenting a valid redemption Reward (“Coupon”) to any physician participating in this Program. Coupons that have expired or been cancelled will not be honored or accepted by either the participating physician or Allergan.
Points earned in two or more different accounts may not be combined to redeem for any Benefit. Redeemed Benefits are not refundable, exchangeable, replaceable, redeemable, or transferable for cash, credit, or other benefits, or points under any circumstances.
Expiration of Program Points and Treatment Vouchers and Coupons
Any points earned and all member-activated coupons will expire 9 months from the date of last program activity. Points are automatically deposited 24-48 hours after your physician issues them (if not cancelled by the physician). If your account is closed due to inactivity, all points will be forfeited. All coupons will expire at 11:59 p.m. Pacific Standard Time (PST) on the date of expiration specified. You acknowledge that any Program points or coupons that are not redeemed or entered during the redemption or entry periods described shall be forfeited at 11:59 p.m. PST at the end of that period.
Privacy and Use of Your Information
The information that you provide in connection with the Program may be used for Allergan’s business and marketing purposes and to send you information about the Program and other Allergan products and services, in accordance with our PRIVACY STATEMENT AND TERMS OF USE. By participating in the Program, you agree that we may collect and use your personal information that you provide us in accordance with our PRIVACY STATEMENT AND TERMS OF USE.
Fraud
Fraud or abuse relating to the accrual of points or redemption of points for Program Benefits may result in forfeiture of accrued points as well as the termination of your account. You are solely responsible for any fraudulent use of your points that could occur due to the theft or sharing of your password. The Program is provided to individual users who are natural persons for their own personal use. IT WILL BE CONSIDERED FRAUDULENT AND A VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOU TO SHARE WITH OTHER MEMBERS POINTS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT CAN BE REDEEMED FOR POINTS AND/OR BENEFITS. IT IS CONSIDERED FRAUDULENT AND A VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOU TO REDEEM POINTS OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT CAN BE REDEEMED FOR POINTS AND/OR BENEFITS THAT WERE RECEIVED FROM OTHER MEMBERS. ANY MEMBER SHARING IN THIS MANNER OR REDEEMING INFORMATION SHARED IN THIS MANNER WILL HAVE THEIR ACCOUNT DELETED AND WILL NOT BE AWARDED ANY BENEFITS. You are solely responsible for any fraudulent use of your Points that may occur due to the theft of or sharing of your password.
Violation of the Terms
You understand and agree that in our sole discretion, and without prior notice, we may remove points from your account as a penalty, terminate your access to the Program, and/or deactivate or delete your membership account if we determine that you have violated our Terms and Conditions.
Copyrights
You should assume that all contents of this site are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided herein and without our express written permission. Except as expressly provided herein, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Allergan copyright.
Trademarks
All product names, logos, and service marks displayed on this site that are identified by ® or ™ or appearing in type form different from that of the surrounding text (collectively, the “Trademarks”) are registered or unregistered trademarks owned by or licensed to Allergan or our affiliates, unless otherwise identified as being owned by another entity. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right, either express or implied, under any patent or Trademark of Allergan or any third party. No use of any Trademark may be made without our prior written authorization, except to identify the product or services of the company.
Disputes
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. All applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable, these Terms and Conditions shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained therein. Allergan and their affiliates, representatives, agents, directors, officers, shareholders, and employees are not responsible for and shall not be liable for: (i) late, lost, delayed, damaged, misdirected, inaccurate, incomplete, or unintelligible registration or point entries; (ii) telephone, electronic, hardware or software program, network, Internet, computer or other malfunctions, failures, or difficulties of any kind, whether human or technical; (iii) failed, incomplete, garbled, or delayed computer transmissions; (iv) any condition caused by events beyond our control; (v) any injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of the benefit or acceptance, delivery or failure to timely deliver, possession, or use of the benefit, or from participation in the Program; or (vi) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Program. Further, in no event shall we, or any of our affiliates, and/or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, information providers, and licensors and/or their respective heirs and assigns be liable for any damages of any kind or nature, including but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, special (including loss or profit), punitive, or other damages arising from or in connection with the existence or use of this site or any such dispute, regardless of whether Allergan or any of the other entities or persons listed above have been advised as to the possibility of such damages. Under no circumstances will you be permitted to obtain benefits for, and hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental or consequential damages, including attorney’s fees, other than participant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs, if any, associated with participating in the Program), and participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. Under no circumstances shall we be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, arising from the use or inability to use the Program or any other provision of these Terms and Conditions. You accept all responsibility for, and hereby indemnify and hold us, our subsidiaries, and affiliates harmless from and against, any actions taken by any user authorized to use your account, including, but not limited to, accrual of points, redemption of points, and disclosure of passwords to third parties.
Medical Advice
No information contained on this site is provided with the intention to give medical advice or instructions on the accurate use of our products. We cannot answer unsolicited emails requesting personal medical advice; visitors should always consult a health care professional.
Agreement
By participating in the Program, participants agree to release, discharge, and hold harmless Allergan and their affiliates, representatives, agents, directors, officers, shareholders and employees from any and all liability from any injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising from or in connection with the Program.
For BOTOX® Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA) Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide, please visit: http://www.allergan.com/assets/pdf/botox_cosmetic_pi.pdf
For JUVÉDERM®, JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC, JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC, and JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC Safety Considerations, please visit: http://www.juvederm.com
For KYBELLA® (deoxycholic acid) injection 10mg/mL Full Prescribing Information, please visit: https://www.allergan.com/assets/pdf/kybella_pi
For LATISSE® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03% Full Product Information, please visit: http://www.allergan.com/assets/pdf/latisse_pi.pdf
For Natrelle® Breast Implants Patient Brochures, please visit: https://www.allergan.com/products/key-products/product-prescribing/labeling/natrelle_usa
For REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System Instructions for Use (IFU) and User Manual, please visit: https://allergan-web-cdn-prod.azureedge.net/actavis/actavis/media/allergan-pdf-documents/labeling/revolve/rvl_ifu_l00-7037d_t2.pdf
For CoolSculpting® Treatment Important Safety Information, please visit: https://www.coolsculpting.com/pdfs/IC02211-B_Patient_Safety_Info_proof.pdf
Approved Uses, Important Safety Information, and Prescribing Information
BOTOX® Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA) Important Information
Approved Uses
BOTOX® Cosmetic is a prescription medicine that is injected into muscles and used to temporarily improve the look of moderate to severe forehead lines, crow’s feet lines, and frown lines between the eyebrows in adults.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
BOTOX® Cosmetic may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening. Get medical help right away if you have any of these problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of BOTOX® Cosmetic:
Problems swallowing, speaking, or breathing, due to weakening of associated muscles, can be severe and result in loss of life. You are at the highest risk if these problems are pre-existing before injection. Swallowing problems may last for several months
Spread of toxin effects. The effect of botulinum toxin may affect areas away from the injection site and cause serious symptoms including: loss of strength and all-over muscle weakness, double vision, blurred vision and drooping eyelids, hoarseness or change or loss of voice, trouble saying words clearly, loss of bladder control, trouble breathing, and trouble swallowing.
BOTOX® Cosmetic dosing units are not the same as, or comparable to, any other botulinum toxin product.
There has not been a confirmed serious case of spread of toxin effect when BOTOX® Cosmetic has been used at the recommended dose to treat frown lines, crow’s feet lines, and/or forehead lines.
BOTOX® Cosmetic may cause loss of strength or general muscle weakness, vision problems, or dizziness within hours to weeks of taking BOTOX® Cosmetic. If this happens, do not drive a car, operate machinery, or do other dangerous activities.
Serious and/or immediate allergic reactions have been reported. They include: itching, rash, red itchy welts, wheezing, asthma symptoms, or dizziness or feeling faint. Get medical help right away if you are wheezing or have asthma symptoms, or if you become dizzy or faint.
Do not take BOTOX® Cosmetic if you: are allergic to any of the ingredients in BOTOX® Cosmetic (see Medication Guide for ingredients); had an allergic reaction to any other botulinum toxin product such as Myobloc® (rimabotulinumtoxinB), Dysport® (abobotulinumtoxinA), or Xeomin® (incobotulinumtoxinA); have a skin infection at the planned injection site.
Tell your doctor about all your muscle or nerve conditions, such as ALS or Lou Gehrig’s disease, myasthenia gravis, or Lambert-Eaton syndrome, as you may be at increased risk of serious side effects including difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing from typical doses of BOTOX® Cosmetic.
Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions, including: plans to have surgery; had surgery on your face; have trouble raising your eyebrows; drooping eyelids; any other abnormal facial change; are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if BOTOX® Cosmetic can harm your unborn baby); are breast-feeding or plan to (it is not known if BOTOX® Cosmetic passes into breast milk).
Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins, and herbal products. Using BOTOX® Cosmetic with certain other medicines may cause serious side effects. Do not start any new medicines until you have told your doctor that you have received BOTOX® Cosmetic in the past.
Tell your doctor if you have received any other botulinum toxin product in the last 4 months; have received injections of botulinum toxin such as Myobloc®, Dysport®, or Xeomin® in the past (tell your doctor exactly which product you received); have recently received an antibiotic by injection; take muscle relaxants; take an allergy or cold medicine; take a sleep medicine; take aspirin-like products or blood thinners.
Other side effects of BOTOX® Cosmetic include:
dry mouth; discomfort or pain at the injection site; tiredness; headache; neck pain; and eye problems: double vision, blurred vision, decreased eyesight, drooping eyelids and eyebrows, swelling of your eyelids and dry eyes.
For more information refer to the Medication Guide or talk with your doctor.
To report a side effect, please call Allergan at 1-800-678-1605.
Please see BOTOX® Cosmetic full Product Information including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide.
LATISSE® (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03% Important Information
Approved Use
LATISSE® is an FDA-approved treatment to grow eyelashes for people with inadequate or not enough lashes.
Important Safety Information
Do not use LATISSE® if you are allergic to one of its ingredients. If you use/used prescription products for eye pressure problems, use LATISSE® under doctor care. May cause brown darkening of the colored part of the eye which is likely permanent. LATISSE® may cause eyelid skin darkening which may be reversible. Only apply at base of upper lashes. DO NOT APPLY to lower lid. Hair may grow outside the treatment area. If you have eye problems/surgery, consult your doctor. Common side effects include itchy and red eyes. If discontinued, lashes gradually return to previous appearance.
These are not all the possible side effects of LATISSE®. For more information, please talk to your doctor.
Please see LATISSE® full Prescribing Information.
KYBELLA® (deoxycholic acid) injection 10 mg/mL Important Information
Important Safety Information
What is KYBELLA®?
KYBELLA® is a prescription medicine used in adults to improve the appearance and profile of moderate to severe fat below the chin (submental fat), also called “double chin.”
It is not known if KYBELLA® is safe and effective for the treatment of fat outside of the submental area or in children under 18 years of age.
Who should not receive KYBELLA®?
Do not receive KYBELLA® if you have an infection in the treatment area.
Before receiving KYBELLA®, tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions, including if you: Have had or plan to have surgery on your face, neck, or chin; have had cosmetic treatments on your face, neck, or chin; have had or have medical conditions in or near the neck area; have had or have trouble swallowing; have bleeding problems; are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if KYBELLA® will harm your unborn baby); are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed (it is not known if KYBELLA® passes into your breast milk).
Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Especially tell your healthcare provider if you take a medicine that prevents the clotting of your blood (antiplatelet or anticoagulant medicine).
What are the possible side effects of KYBELLA®?
KYBELLA® can cause serious side effects, including
Nerve injury in the jaw (which can cause an uneven smile or facial muscle weakness)
Trouble swallowing
Injection site problems including: a collection of blood under the skin (hematoma) or bruising, damage to an artery or vein if KYBELLA® is inadvertently injected into it, hair loss, open sores (ulcers), damage and tissue cell-death (necrosis) around the injection site. Call your healthcare provider if you: begin to develop weakness in the muscles of your face, or your smile becomes uneven; have difficulty swallowing, or if any of the symptoms that you already have get worse; develop open sores or drainage from the treatment area
The most common side effects of KYBELLA® include swelling, pain, numbness, redness, and areas of hardness in the treatment area.
These are not all of the possible side effects of KYBELLA®. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects.
Please see KYBELLA® full Prescribing Information.
Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information, or ask your healthcare provider, or visit MyKybella.com.
CoolSculpting® Treatment Important Information
Uses
The CoolSculpting® procedure is FDA-cleared for the treatment of visible fat bulges in the submental (under the chin) and submandibular (under the jawline) areas, thigh, abdomen and flank, along with bra fat, back fat, underneath the buttocks (also known as banana roll) and upper arm. It is also FDA-cleared to affect the appearance of lax tissue with submental area treatments.
The CoolSculpting® procedure is not a treatment for weight loss.
Important Safety Information
The CoolSculpting® procedure is not for everyone. You should not have the CoolSculpting® procedure if you suffer from cryoglobulinemia, cold agglutinin disease, or paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria.
Tell your doctor if you have any medical conditions including recent surgery, pre-existing hernia, and any known sensitivities or allergies.
During the procedure you may experience sensations of pulling, tugging, mild pinching, intense cold, tingling, stinging, aching, and cramping at the treatment site. These sensations subside as the area becomes numb. Following the procedure, typical side effects include temporary redness, swelling, blanching, bruising, firmness, tingling, stinging, tenderness, cramping, aching, itching, or skin sensitivity, and sensation of fullness in the back of the throat after submental or submandibular area treatment.
Rare side effects may also occur. CoolSculpting® may cause a visible enlargement in the treated area which may develop two to five months after treatment and requires surgical intervention for correction.
Please see full Important Safety Information for additional information.
CoolTone™ Treatment Important Information
Uses
The CoolTone™ device is FDA-cleared for improvement of abdominal tone, strengthening of the abdominal muscles, and development for firmer abdomen. CoolTone™ is also FDA-cleared for strengthening, toning, and firming of buttocks and thighs.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
The CoolTone™ procedure is not for everyone.You should not have the CoolTone™ treatment in areas with metal or electronic implants/devices like cardiac pacemakers, implanted hearing devices, implanted defibrillators, implanted neurostimulators, drug pumps, and hearing aids.
Tell your doctor if you have any medical conditions as CoolTone™ should not be used over menstruating uterus, over areas of the skin that lack normal sensation, in patients with fever, malignant tumor, hemorrhagic conditions, epilepsy, recent surgical procedure, pulmonary insufficiency, or pregnancy.
CoolTone™ should be used with caution in patients with Graves' disease (an autoimmune disorder that causes overactive thyroid), active bleeding disorders, or seizure disorders.
Women who are close to menstruation may find that it comes sooner, or cramping is increased or intensified with CoolTone™ treatments, therefore, it is recommended to not undergo treatment during this time of the month.
CoolTone™
should not be used in the heart or head areas, areas of new bone growth, over the carotid sinus nerves, or over the neck or mouth. CoolToneTM should not be applied over swollen, infected, inflamed areas or skin eruptions. Caution should be used for patients with suspected or diagnosed heart problems.
Common side effects may include, but may not be limited to, muscular pain, temporary muscle spasm, temporary joint or tendon pain, and redness at or near the treatment site.
Ask your Healthcare Provider if CoolTone™ is right for you.
Please see full Important Safety Information for additional information at coolsculpting.com/cooltone.
JUVÉDERM® Injectable Gel Fillers Important Information
APPROVED USES
JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC injectable gel is for deep injection in the cheek area to correct age-related volume loss and for augmentation of the chin region to improve the chin profile in adults over 21.
JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC and JUVÉDERM® XC injectable gels are for injection into the facial tissue for the correction of moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds, such as nasolabial folds. JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC injectable gel is for adults over 21.
JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC injectable gel is for injection into the lips for lip augmentation and for correction of perioral lines in adults over 21.
JUVÉDERM® Ultra XC injectable gel is for injection into the lips and perioral area for lip augmentation in adults over 21.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
Are there any reasons why I should not receive any JUVÉDERM® formulation?
Do not use these products if you have a history of multiple severe allergies or severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis), or if you are allergic to lidocaine or the Gram-positive bacterial proteins used in these products.
What precautions should my doctor advise me about?
Minimize strenuous exercise and exposure to extensive sun or heat within the first 24 hours following treatment. Exposure to any of these may cause temporary redness, swelling, and/or itching at the injection site
Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. The safety of these products for use during pregnancy or while breastfeeding has not been studied
The safety of JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC has not been studied in patients under 35 years or over 65 years for cheek augmentation, or under 22 years and over 80 years for chin augmentation. The safety of JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC and JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC has not been studied in patients under 22 years, and the safety of JUVÉDERM® XC and JUVÉDERM® Ultra XC has not been studied in patients under 18 years
JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC is intended for use in the chin and cheek areas. JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC and JUVÉDERM® XC are intended for use in facial wrinkles and folds. JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC and JUVÉDERM® Ultra XC are intended for use in the lips and perioral area. The safety and effectiveness for treatment in other areas have not been established in clinical studies
Tell your doctor if you have a history of excessive scarring (thick, hard scars) or pigmentation disorders. The safety of JUVÉDERM® products has not been studied in these patients and may result in additional scars or changes in pigmentation
Tell your doctor if you are on therapy used to decrease the body’s immune response (immunosuppressive therapy). Use may result in an increased risk of infection
Tell your doctor before treatment if you are using substances that can prolong bleeding, such as aspirin, ibuprofen, or other blood thinners. As with any injection, this may result in increased bruising or bleeding at the injection site
Patients who experience skin injury near the site of injection may be at a higher risk for adverse events
JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC was not studied in patients with significant loose skin of the chin, neck, or jaw
The effect of JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC injection into the chin on facial hair growth has not been studied
What are possible side effects?
The most commonly reported side effects with JUVÉDERM® injectable gels included redness, swelling, pain, tenderness, firmness, lumps/bumps, bruising, discoloration, and itching. For JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC, dryness was also reported. For JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC, most side effects resolved within 2 to 4 weeks. For JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC, JUVÉDERM® XC, and JUVÉDERM® Ultra XC injectable gels, most resolved within 14 days or less. For JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC, most resolved within 30 days or less. These side effects are consistent with other facial injection procedures.
Most side effects will resolve with time. Your doctor may choose to treat side effects persisting over 30 days with antibiotics, steroids, or hyaluronidase (an enzyme that breaks down hyaluronic acid).
One of the risks with these products is unintentional injection into a blood vessel. The chances of this happening are very small, but if it does happen, the complications can be serious and may be permanent. These complications, which have been reported for facial injections, can include vision abnormalities, blindness, stroke, temporary scabs, or permanent scarring of the skin.
As with all skin injection procedures, there is a risk of infection.
Visit Juvederm.com or talk to your doctor for more information. To report a side effect with any JUVÉDERM® product, please call Allergan at 1-800-433-8871.
Products in the JUVÉDERM® Collection are available only by a licensed physician or properly licensed practitioner.
Natrelle® Breast Implants Important Information
Who may get breast implants?
Natrelle® Breast Implants are approved for women for the following:
Breast augmentation for women at least 22 years old for silicone-filled implants. Breast augmentation for women at least 18 years old for saline-filled implants. Breast augmentation includes primary breast augmentation to increase breast size, as well as revision surgery to correct or improve the result of a primary breast augmentation surgery.
Breast reconstruction. Breast reconstruction includes primary reconstruction to replace breast tissue that has been removed due to cancer or trauma or that has failed to develop properly due to a severe breast abnormality. Breast reconstruction also includes revision surgery to correct or improve the result of a primary breast reconstruction surgery.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
Who should NOT get breast implants?
Women with active infection anywhere in their body.
Women with existing cancer or precancer of their breast who have not received adequate treatment for those conditions.
Women who are currently pregnant or nursing.
What should I know before getting breast implants?
Breast implants are not lifetime devices, and not necessarily a one-time surgery.
Many of the changes to your breasts following implantation cannot be undone. If you later choose to have your implant(s) removed and not replaced, you may experience unacceptable dimpling, puckering, wrinkling, or other cosmetic changes of the breast, which may be permanent.
Breast implants may affect your ability to breast-feed, either by reducing or eliminating milk production.
Rupture of a silicone-filled breast implant is most often silent and may not be detected by you or your doctor. You should have an MRI 3 years after your surgery and then every 2 years after that for as long as you have your breast implants to determine if rupture is present. If implant rupture is noted on an MRI, you should have the implant removed, with or without replacement.
With breast implants, a routine screening mammography and self-examinations for breast cancer will be more difficult. Ask your doctor to help you distinguish the implant from your breast tissue. Symptoms of a ruptured implant may be hard knots or lumps surrounding the implant or in the armpit, change or loss of size or shape of the breast or implant, pain, tingling, swelling, numbness, burning, or hardening. Tell your doctor of these symptoms and remove ruptured implants.
Inform any other doctor who treats you of the presence of your implants to minimize the risk of damage to the implants.
What should I tell my doctor?
Tell your doctor if you have any of the following conditions, as the risk of breast implant surgery may be higher:
Autoimmune diseases (for example, lupus and scleroderma).
A weakened immune system (for example, currently taking drugs that weaken the body’s natural resistance to disease).
Planned chemotherapy following breast implant placement.
Planned radiation therapy to the breast following breast implant placement.
Conditions or medications that interfere with wound healing and blood clotting.
Reduced blood supply to breast tissue.
Clinical diagnosis of depression or other mental health disorders, including body dysmorphic disorder and eating disorders. Please discuss any history of mental health disorders with your surgeon prior to surgery. Patients with a diagnosis of depression or other mental health disorders should wait for resolution or stabilization of these conditions prior to undergoing breast implantation surgery.
What are some complications with breast implants?
Key complications are reoperation, implant removal with or without replacement, implant rupture with silicone-filled implants, implant deflation with saline-filled implants, and severe capsular contracture (severe scar tissue around the implant). Other complications include asymmetry, nipple/breast/skin sensation changes, scarring, or wrinkling/rippling. Talk to your doctor about other complications.
Talk to your doctor. For more information or to report a problem with Natrelle® Breast Implants, please call Allergan at 1-800-433-8871. Please also see the patient brochures at www.allergan.com/products.
Natrelle® Breast Implants are available by prescription only.
REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System Important Information
Approved Uses
What is the REVOLVE™ System?
The REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System (REVOLVE™ System) is used for aspiration, harvesting, filtering, and transferring of fat for aesthetic body shaping. The REVOLVE™ System is intended for use in the following surgeries when drawing fat is desired: plastic and reconstructive surgery, gastrointestinal and affiliated organ surgery, urological surgery, general surgery, bone or muscle surgery, gynecological surgery, thoracic surgery, and minimally invasive surgery.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
Who should NOT use REVOLVE™ System?
REVOLVE™ System should not be used by your physician if you currently have any disease that adversely affects wound healing, and poor overall health status.
What warnings should I be aware of?
REVOLVE™ System will not, in and of itself, produce significant weight loss. This device should be used by your physician with extreme caution if you have a chronic medical condition such as diabetes, heart, lung, or circulatory system disease, or obesity.
What precautions should I be aware of?
REVOLVE™ System is designed to remove localized deposits of excess fat through a small incision and subsequently transfer the tissue back to you. Use of this device is limited to those physicians who have the appropriate level of medical education and surgical experience in the appropriate surgical procedures. Results of the procedure will vary depending upon your age, surgical site, and experience of the physician. Results of the procedure may or may not be permanent.
What are possible side effects?
Some common adverse effects associated with fat transfer are unevenness, over- and/or under-correction, tissue lumps, bleeding, and scarring. Potential adverse effects associated with REVOLVE™ System include fat cell death, formation of cysts, infection, chronic immune system response, allergic reaction and inflammation.
REVOLVE™ System is available by prescription only.
This information is not intended to replace a discussion with your surgeon. It does not describe all the potential risks associated with fat grafting procedures. Every patient’s situation is different, so please consult with your surgeon to determine if the use of REVOLVE™ System is right for you.
For more information, please see the Instructions for Use (IFU) and User Manual for REVOLVE™ System.
To report an adverse reaction, please call Allergan at 1.800.367.5737.
DiamondGlow™ Treatment Important Information
Uses
The DiamondGlow™ device is a microdermabrasion device that gently removes the top layer of skin and delivers topical cosmetic serums onto the skin.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
The DiamondGlow™ treatment is not for everyone. You should not have a DiamondGlow™ treatment if you have compromised skin quality. Tell your provider if you are pregnant or lactating, or if you have any medical conditions, including allergies, and if you are using topical medication on the area to be treated.
Typical side effects include a scratchy, stinging sensation during the treatment and temporary tightness, redness or slight swelling after the treatment. Rare serious side effects may also occur and include severe skin irritation and allergic reactions.
Pro-Infusion Serums Disclaimer
The Pro-Infusion Serums are intended to meet the FDA's definition of a cosmetic product, an article applied to the human body to cleanse, beautify, promote attractiveness, and alter appearances. These products are
not intended to be drugs that diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These products have not been approved by the FDA and the statements have
not been evaluated by the FDA.
Please talk to your provider for additional information.
SkinMedica®
Most of the SkinMedica® products described on this website are intended to meet the FDA’s definition of a cosmetic product, an article applied to the human body to cleanse, beautify, promote attractiveness, and alter appearances. These SkinMedica® products are not intended to be drug products that diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These products have not been approved by the FDA, and the statements on these pages have not been evaluated by the FDA.
SkinMedica® Total Defense + Repair Broad Spectrum Sunscreens (SPF 34, SPF 34 Tinted, and SPF 50+) and Essential Defense Broad Spectrum Sunscreens (Everyday Clear SPF 47, Mineral Shield Tinted SPF 32, and Mineral Shield SPF 35) are over-the-counter drug products which are formulated and marketed pursuant to FDA’s governing regulations set forth at 21 C.F.R. Part 352.
SkinMedica® Acne System, Acne Treatment Lotion, Purifying Foaming Wash, and Purifying Toner, are over-the-counter drug products which are formulated and marketed pursuant to FDA’s governing regulations set forth at 21 C.F.R. § 333.301 et seq.
Contact Us
FAQs
Privacy Statement
California Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Allergan. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
2525 Dupont Drive, Irvine, CA 92612.
Allergan reserves the right to alter or cancel the program with no advance notice or obligation.
PRT138394-v 07/20
This website uses cookies and other technologies to personalize content and to show you more personalized ads (for example, Google Ads and Facebook) on this and other websites, as well as provide you with social media features on this website (such as, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn).
By clicking “Accept” you understand that you are directing Allergan to disclose your personal information, including internet tracking data (like cookies and the IP address you used to access this website), to these third parties for the purposes stated above.You can still use this website if you do not click “Accept,” but your experience may be different.For more information, including a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information, please refer to our California Privacy Policy or for additional options please check your browser’s settings.
See Approved Uses, Important Safety Information, and Prescribing Information
00:00/33:39
00:00/33:39
CONGRATULATIONS
You've earned
points for watching a video.Videos watched:
of 3
For additional ways to earn points, visit HOW TO EARN
For additional ways to earn points, visit HOW TO EARN
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
You have exceeded the maximum number of videos (3) that will earn bonus points. Visit HOW TO EARN to discover other ways to earn points.
You have exceeded the maximum number of videos (3) that will earn bonus points. Visit HOW TO EARN to discover other ways to earn points.
Please feel free to continue watching videos from our library to enhance your program experience.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
You've already earned points for viewing this video. Take a look at some of the videos you haven't watched to earn bonus points.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
You can discover more about Brilliant Distinctions® and earn points that can be applied to your next portfolio treatment or purchase. JOIN NOW
YOU STOPPED TOO SOON.
Watch the entire video to EARN POINTS!
For additional ways to earn points, visit How to Earn.
For additional ways to earn points, visit How to Earn.
Subscribe to <em>Brilliant Distinctions</em><sup>&reg;</sup> Program Texts
Would you like to receive automated text alerts, news, updates, and offers sent to your mobile device?
Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required for sign-up. You can opt out at any time.
By clicking submit, you agree to our  TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Subscribe|Unsubscribe
Please select your choice.
SUBMIT