http://www.firsthealth.org/policies-and-terms/privacy-policy
Open Menu
Specialties
Learn about the medical and surgical specialties and sub-specialties we provide.
Directory
Search our directory to find doctors, hospital locations and support groups.
Lifestyle
Explore classes and events designed to improve your health and wellbeing.
Contact
Find general contact and location information, media materials, financial assistance and more.
More
About FirstHealth
Join Our Team
The Foundation of FirstHealth
Visit the Clara McLean House
Pay a Bill Online
Send a Card or Gift to a Patient
Refer Someone Today
Resources
Patient Portal
Patient Education
Medical References
For Physicians
For Employees
Terms & Privacy Policies
Search
How Can We Help You?
Personalized Information
Tell  us about yourself so that we can personalize the site's information for you and your location.
I am a patient
seeking medical attention
I am a visitor
visiting a patient
I am a philanthropist
make a donation
I am a caregiver
taking care of a patient
I am a healthcare professional
industry information
I am a volunteer
helping with my time
Personalized for Patients
I am not a patient
Popular ItemsFind a doctor, hospital or service location Find disease and condition information Pay a bill Release of Health Information
Personalized for Visitors
I am not a visitor
Popular ItemsNeed a place to stay? Download a visitor guide Maps & locations Moore Regional Hospital Moore Regional Hospital-Richmond Montgomery Memorial Hospital Moore Regional Hospital-Hoke Send a card to a patient
Personalized for Philanthropists
I am not a philanthropist
Popular ItemsAbout the Foundation Clara McLean Hospitality House
Personalized for Caregivers
I am not a caregiver
Popular ItemsFind a support group Find a doctor
Personalized for Healthcare Professionals
I am not a healthcare professional
Popular ItemsJob opportunities FirstHealth Physician Group
Personalized for Volunteers
I am not a volunteer
Popular ItemsVolunteer opportunities Clara McLean House Hospice volunteer opportunities
Video
Select Policy / Terms
Overview
Financial Assistance
Notice of Privacy Practices
Physician Recruitment
Privacy Policy
Social Media Code of Conduct
Terms and Conditions
FirstHealth's Privacy Policy
By using https://www.firsthealth.org/, https://www.firsthealthonthego.org and various mobile applications (collectively, the “Site” or “Sites”), you agree to all the conditions of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the all the conditions, you must stop using this site. We may change the Privacy Policy at anytime. Such changes are effective upon posting on the site.
FirstHealth’s Privacy Policy
By using https://www.firsthealth.org/, https://www.firsthealthonthego.org and various mobile applications, you agree to all the conditions of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the all the conditions, you must stop using this site. We may change the Privacy Policy at anytime. Such changes are effective upon posting on the site. Your continued access or use of the site means that you accept these changes.
Visitors can use https://www.firsthealth.org/ this site anonymously, without registration. Those seeking to access services from the https://www.firsthealthonthego.org site or mobile application are required to register.
Our server automatically collects information from you such as ISP provider, time of day, and duration on pages.
This is not personally identifiable information and is used to help us determine how to make this site a better experience for our visitors.
Personally identifiable information about you is not collected unless volunteered by you.
A cookie is a small text file that a web site transfers to a visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes. We do not use cookies on the content pages located on our web server, however cookies are used in some of our 3rd party vendor applications such as the Career Opportunities area. The cookies offer convenience for registered users of the Career Opportunities Portal and are not used for marketing purposes.
All information you provide us is confidential and never sold, shared, or disclosed to any company or persons outside of FirstHealth.
Any e-mail that you send to us is not secure. We recommend that you do not e-mail confidential information to FirstHealth.
E-mail sent to us may be routed to various employees for action or comment.
This site may contain links to other sites. FirstHealth does not assume responsibility or endorse the privacy policies of external sites.
Our site does not feature information and services of interest to children 13 and under.
When using our Patient Accounting Online Inquiry, you will be re-directed to a secure server. All other forms on this site, however, are not secure (i.e., data encryption is not used to transfer information from your computer to our system).
Use of FirstHealth On the Go
On the https://www.firsthealthonthego.org Site, FirstHealth of the Carolinas operates various online services that enable Registered Users to receive various types of health care information and telehealth services. The Site also has public portions that allow anyone to educate themselves on the services available through the Site.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY OF THE SECURE PORTAL
Some of FirstHealth of the Carolinas’ Sites can be used only by Registered Users who are required to register and log-in to areas that are password protected. The password protected portions of the Sites are referred to as the Secure Portals. The Secure Portals contain protected health information (PHI) or personal information about Registered Users. Because of this, on the Secure Portals, FirstHealth must be able to link a Registered Users’ activity back to their identity, for example to verify identity in our systems and eligibility for services. Therefore, in the Secure Portals, FirstHealth does collect identifiable information about Members. This includes pages visited and Services initiated.
While no web site can guarantee security, we maintain physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to help protect your PHI collected via the Secure Portals as required by applicable law. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we use industry standards, such as Secure Socket Layers ("SSL") technology, to help safeguard against such occurrences. On the Secure Portals, the information passed between your browser and our system is encrypted with SSL technology to create a protected connection between you and our website to ensure confidentiality.
Our data center is both physically and electronically secured. Our servers are protected behind the Internet by using firewall and encryption technology. All data is stored and transferred in encrypted formats that either meet or exceed standards defined by state and federal laws. No data is transferred to users that do not have rights to access such information.
All information and data you submit through FirstHealth’s Sites is stored on secure servers located in the United States.
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
We allow Members to access the Services through a software application on a mobile device (an "Application"). If you choose to use an Application, FirstHealth of the Carolinas will collect additional information about you including (1) location data, (2) device IDs and (3) other information regarding your use of the Application. FirstHealth of the Carolinas uses the information collected to analyze and improve the Member’s experience using the Application and otherwise communicate with the Member about the Services. Additionally, we track your location and send push notifications from time to time in order to update you about the Services and what is available to you as a Member. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
Media Inquiries
Submit media related inquires and access media kits and brand guidelines.
Terms & Policies
Read our social media terms and privacy policy.
About FirstHealth
Learn more about FirstHealth’s care network including our four hospitals, dozens of medical clinics, four charitable foundations and more.
News & Events
Find the latest news and events taking place throughout our care network.