http://www.dunham-consulting.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Dunham Consulting is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We want you to understand how we collect and use information about you.
The privacy notice describes to you:
1. Who we are
2. How to contact us
3. What personal data we need
4. What we do with your personal data
5. How we got your information
6. How long we hold your information
7. Your rights and how to exercise them
8. Changes to this privacy notice
9. What you should to do if you have a complaint
1. Who we are
For the purposes of data protection law, the “controller” is Dunham Consulting, 2, Hermitage Road, Hale, Cheshire, WA15 8BN
2. How to contact us
If you would like to contact us about this notice, including if you wish to receive further information about any aspect of it, our details are as follows:
E-mail
info@dunham-consulting.co.uk
Post
Data Privacy, Dunham Consulting, 2, Hermitage Road, Hale, Cheshire, WA15 8BN
Phone
0161 980 6688, ask for Dina Scott
3. What personal data we need and what we do with it
In the course of our business (which is a skin and laser clinic), we collect personal details, such as
your name
your mobile telephone number
your email address
postal address
telephone number
This information will be collected from you as voluntarily provided to us by means of medical / health history questionnaires which are filled out during consultation appointments
Such information can also be combined with information from public sources for example your company website or social media accounts.
We do not knowingly collect “special category” personal data – e.g. . data concerning your political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, sex life or sexual orientation,. This is a special type of sensitive data to which more stringent processing conditions apply. We also do not collect information about criminal convictions or offences.
4. What we do with your personal data
We hold copies of your personal information on a password protected computer
We promise never to sell your data or share it.
5. How we got your information
We obtain personal data from sources as follows:
Directly from you when you interact with us, for example when you
send us an email
fill in our website ‘contact us’ form
sign up to our mailing lists
request information
write to us
phone us
6. How long we hold your information
We carefully consider the personal data that we store. We will only keep your information in a form that identifies you for as long as necessary to fulfil our contract with you or as required by applicable law. In some instances, we are required to hold data for minimum periods: for example, UK tax law currently specifies a six-year period for retention of some of your personal data.
If you have discussed, requested or used our services, we will hold your personal information in order to provide the service requested and to fulfil our contract.
7. Your rights and how to exercise them
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Time limit to respond
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests that may for example involve the recall of files from archive. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Please contact us using the details in section 1 of this notice if you would like to exercise any of these rights or know more about them.
These rights are subject to certain limitations that exist in law. Further information about your information rights is available on the ICO’s website: https://ico.org.uk/.
8. Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this notice from time to time. You should check this notice on our website occasionally, in order to ensure you are aware of the most recent version.
9. What you should do if you have a complaint
We hope that you will be satisfied with the way in which we approach and use your personal data.
Should you find it necessary, you have a right to raise a concern with the information regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/.
However, we do hope that if you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal data, you will contact us in the first instance using the contact details in section 1 above, so that we have an opportunity to resolve it.
Request an Appointment
Make an appointment
Clinical Treatments
2 Charcoal Woods
Charcoal Road
Bowdon
Cheshire
WA14 4RU
07725 470 649: Dina Scott – Director
07836 653 807: Barbara Deakin – Senior Aesthetics Advisor
Laser Treatments
2 Hermitage Road
Hale
Cheshire
WA15 8BN
tel: 0161 980 6688
07725 470 649: Dina Scott – Director
07836 653 807: Barbara Deakin – Senior Aesthetics Advisor
Copyright © 2020 Dunham Consulting. All rights reserved.