http://www.healthlinks.net/privacy.html
Healthlinks.net
Respects your Privacy
Your Privacy: is assured
Your personal information is kept private.
We'll collect only the information we need to serve you.
At Healthlinks.net, we will ask you to provide us with only the personal information we need to complete your requests, to enable us to provide you with customer service, or so that you can register for special offers, benefit programs, email updates, or other services, contests, sweepstakes, or opportunities.
Healthlinks.net
collects no personally identifying information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. We only require your email address to confirm your subscription requests and to contact you regarding link updates. We may also ask for optional interest or demographic information which will help us and our partners gain a better understanding of who we're serving, and therefore improve our service to you.
Healthlinks.net collects general statistical information which allows us to track the frequency of  visits and this information is collected for statistical reasons only, and may be shared only in the aggregate..
We won't share any information without your permission.
Healthlinks.net believes in your right to informed consent in the handling of your information. We will not rent or sell your personal information to any other company unless you tell us we can. We may use information or share it with our affiliates and partners to improve our service and provide updates about items and offers which may be of special interest. We may share non-personal, non-individual information in aggregate form with our marketing partners, advertisers, or other third parties. This information is in the form of use statistics or purchase demographics, and is never connected to personal information.
Please keep in mind that, the foregoing guarantee and our best efforts notwithstanding, we cannot unconditionally guarantee that information will never be disclosed to a third party. We may be obligated, in certain circumstances, to disclose information to the federal government in response to a warrant or official request. So by using
Healthlinks.net, you do authorize us to disclose information to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Further, the foregoing guarantee notwithstanding, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access private communications despite every best effort using industry-standard security measures, to prevent such an occurrence.
Healthlinks.net Portal and Directory Services
Copyright 2017
Healthlinks.net LLC.
[Home
|
Forum's
| Article Archives |
Contact]