http://www.debra.org/get-help/wound-care-distribution-program
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Get Help
Wound Care Distribution Program
Wound Care Distribution Program
Debra
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Travel
School Resources
EB Camps
EB Cards
Hospital Care Tips
Bereavement
Medical Supply Companies
**Important Update**
As we continue to monitor and adapt to the COVID-19 situation, there may be some delays in the shipping time of our EB care packages. Please know we are working as quickly as we can while taking extra care of the wound care supplies and ensuring the safety of the debra team. For questions, please email woundcare@debra.org.
debra of America distributes wound care supplies, free of charge, to individuals with Epidermolysis Bullosa in the United States who are temporarily unable to obtain them.
Specialized, non-adherent bandages and other necessary supplies for those with EB can have a retail cost in excess of $80,000 per month. There are times when families experience unexpected issues with their insurance coverage and cannot afford to buy these necessary supplies out-of-pocket. With this program, we aim to help bridge these gaps in coverage, and provide bandages for those during this time of need.
Requested supplies are matched to the best of our ability from the available inventory in our Wound Care Distribution Center.
The program provides supplies to everyone from newborns to adults across the U.S., ensuring that all those suffering with EB have the best possible chance of treating themselves with proper wound care.
Requesting Supplies
Specialized bandages, gauze rolls, retention net dressings, ointments and other wound care supplies may be requested. If you or a family member have EB and are in need, please fill out the online form found below to request wound care supplies. Supplies are matched to the best of our ability from the available inventory in our Wound Care Distribution Center, and are shipped on a first come, first served basis.
The Wound Care Distribution Program provides supplemental supplies to those with EB on a temporary basis only, and cannot fulfill regular recurring requests for supplies. For information on obtaining supplies through health insurance or assistance with health coverage denials, please click here and here.
Please complete the form below to request Wound Care Supplies.
As we continue to monitor and adapt to the COVID-19 situation, there may be some delays in the shipping time of our EB care packages. Please know we are working as quickly as we can while taking extra care of the wound care supplies and ensuring the safety of the debra team. For questions, please email woundcare@debra.org.
Additional information may be required before request can be processed. debra of America staff may reach out upon receiving request as needed.
If you have any questions regarding your request, please contact debra of America directly:
Phone: 212-868-1573 x104
Email: woundcare@debra.org
Donating Supplies
debra of America accepts a wide variety of sealed, unused and unexpired EB-friendly wound care products. If you are interested in donating supplies, please email woundcare@debra.org, or call us at 212-868-1573, ext. 104 today.
Please note, we cannot accept Wound Vac Canisters or related supplies.
Donating wound care supplies makes a direct impact on those with EB who are in need. Donations are accepted from:
Individuals
Sealed, unused and unexpired wound care products are accepted throughout the year, and free shipping labels are available upon request.
Corporations
One of the many ways for businesses to partner with debra of America is by donating wound care supplies. We accept supplies from manufacturers, distributors, as well as third party sellers.
Wound Care Supply Drives
Hosting a wound care supply drive is a great way to spread EB awareness and make a big difference in the EB Community. To ensure your wound care drive is a success, we’ve put together some helpful tips and informational material in our Wound Care Drive Toolkit.
Access the Wound Care Drive Toolkit
Our free packages of supplies are made possible through direct donations from wound care manufacturers and distributors, and from individuals & families who support the EB Community. Our sincerest gratitude to our partners who make our Wound Care Distribution Program possible!
Related Resources
How To: Choose Products
EB wound care products vary widely and may be used for different purposes. Check out our list of product recommendations.
Learn More
How To: Care for Wounds
We've compiled a list of suggested methods of wound care from several sources that address all forms of EB.
Learn More
"Ask the Nurse: Aquaphor" Blog Post
Learn about Aquaphor's program that provides jars of Aquaphor to patients at no cost to them.
Learn More
Search
Sign up for our Newsletter
75 Broad Street |Suite 300
New York | NY 10004
212-868-1573
212-868-9296
staff@debra.org
Footer Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Donor Privacy Policy
Shop
debra of America has earned the highest possible rating of 4 stars from Charity Navigator, the nation's leading charity evaluator.
© Copyright 2020, debra of America, All Rights Reserved | The Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa Research Association of America, d/b/a debra of America is a registered 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization. | All Trademarks and Brands are Property of Their Respective Owners. debra of America does not endorse any drugs, tests, or treatments that we may report. This website is for informational purposes, always check with your physician before adopting any medical treatment. | EIN: 11-2519726
Debra
About Us
What We Do
Meet the Team
DEBRA International
Donor Privacy Policy
Annual Reports & Financials
Downloadable Materials
Connect With Us
About EB
EB in Depth
Clinical Trials
Personal Stories
EB in the News
How To
Care for Wounds
Care for Blisters
Care for Newborns
Choose Products
Prepare a Bath
Recognize Infection
EB Care Tips
Get Help
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Fundraise
Host a Supporter Led Event
Government Advocacy
Join an Action Group
Internship
Volunteer
Purchase with Purpose
Subscribe to Emails
Events
debra-Hosted Events
Supporter Led Events
TEAM DEBRA
Awareness & Advocacy Events
Search
Donate