http://www.lotuspalm.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Massage school
Lotus Palm
Institute of Thai Massage and Traditional Bodywork
OK
English
|
Français
Courses
Our Courses
Calendar
Therapist Program
Certification
Association
Massage
Treatments
Hallstyle
Special Offers
Events
Conferences
Special Events
Happenings
Student section
Student Clinic
Guided Review
Forms
About Us
Lotus Palm
Sukha Wong
Our founder
Thai yoga massage
FAQ
In Montréal
In Toronto
Media
Teachers
Policies
Blog
Contact Us
Contact information
Find a practitioner
Rentals
Host Us
Shop
Mats
Books
Accessories
Clothing
Featured Products
Sale
Account
Cart
CAD
USD
Checkout
Log In
Lotus Palm Policies: Montreal and On-The-Road students
We strive to provide the best courses and services to everyone in our Lotus Palm family. In order to continue to bring excellent services that are fair to all our students, clients, teachers and staff, we have revised and updated our policies.
These policies are effective as of September 2019.
Course Policies
* The following course policies do not apply to the Therapist Diploma Program.    For more information please contact admin@lotuspalm.com.
Lotus Palm holds courses in its administrative centres in Montreal. Our On-The-Road courses are also offered in affiliated centres across Canada, United States and worldwide.NOTE: Policies Regarding rules, payments, registrations and refunds are regulated by each individual affiliated centre hosting an On-The-Road course. Lotus Palm will not be held responsible for any policies of the affiliated centre.
In Montreal, the payment and refund policies are as follows:
Payment Policies:
A deposit of $200 CAD is required to register for any 5-day or 3-day course.
A deposit of $110 CAD is required to register for any 2-day course.
The balance payment is due no less than 15 business days before the start of a course.
Payments are accepted in Canadian and American currency by credit card (Visa, MasterCard, Amex), cash and debit cards.
Cancellation and Refund Policies:
Students are required to submit a cancellation notice a MINIMUM of 15 business days prior to a course start date in order for a full refund (less a $50 processing fee) to apply.
Refund or credit will not be issued for the following (without exception):
Cancellation notice is submitted less than 15 business days prior to the first day of a course start date.
No show.
Leaving early or not completing the course.
Lotus Palm reserves the right to cancel any program at any time without notice. In this event, we will transfer you to another course at our Montreal Centre within the year or a complete refund will be issued.
If a student is required, for reasons personal or otherwise, to miss part(s) of a course there is no refund and courses are non transferable. Students are required to make up the missed time of a course in order to qualify for certification. Students are responsible for any additional costs related to making up course time.
Any video/audio/photo capture of Lotus Palm courses, activities, etc. is strictly prohibited.
Lotus Palm retains the right to reschedule or cancel courses due to unforeseen circumstances. Lotus Palm will not be held responsible for expenses incurred by students.
Other fees apply for Certification Application, supervisions, Student Clinics and guided reviews for each certification. Please refer to The Practitioner Certification Procedures for more information about the courses, certification requirements, fees and deadlines.
All prices on www.lotuspalm.com are effective January 2013, and supersede any other printed or online material. Prices are subject to change without further notice.
Certification Policies
Thai Massage Certifications:
Essential Certification: Includes Thai Yoga Massage levels 1 and 2.
Intermediate Certification: Includes Thai Yoga Massage levels 3 and 4.
Advanced Certification: Includes Thai Yoga Massage levels 5 and 6.
Specialized Courses Certifications:
Thai Reflexology Certification: Includes Thai Reflexology levels 1 and 2.
Table Thai Massage Certification: Includes Table Thai Massage levels 1 and 2.
Lomi Lomi Temple Style Certification: Includes Lomi Lomi Temple Style levels 1 and 2.
Ashiatsu Certification: Includes Ashiatsu levels 1 and 2.
1. Students must complete all the requirements listed in the appropriate Certification application form. (Requirements vary for each certification and for Montreal and On-The-Road students.)2. Students must fill out the appropriate Certification application form and send it along with all required documents.3. A 50$ Certification application fee applies for each certification. This fee is non-refundable.4. Additional copies for any certificate are $25/each.5. Payments are accepted in Canadian and American currency by credit card or cheque payable to Lotus Palm.6. Students have a 1-year limit to complete EACH CERTIFICATION after completing:
Level 2 for the "Essential Certification".
Level 4 for the "Intermediate Certification".
Level 6 for the "Advanced Certification".
7. Students who exceed the 1-year limit to complete each certification will need to:
A) Pay a late fee and get a 3-month extension period to finish all requirements.
Late Fee For Thai Massage Courses: $150
Late Fee For 2-day Specialized Courses: $55
Late Fee For 3-day Specialized Courses: $75
OR
B) Retake the last level of training that was previously completed (For Thai Massage courses: $150. For Specialized Courses: 50% off regular price.) They will then have another full year to complete requirements.
8. Upon completion of each level, students have a 3-year limit to begin the next LEVEL of training.9. Students who exceed the 3-year limit to pursue the next level of training are required to:
A) Complete one 3-hour on-site supervision (at the Lotus Palm Centre) with a teacher ($175) ORB) Complete a video supervision if they are from out of town and cannot do an on-site 3-hour supervision with a teacher ($175)ORC) Retake the last level of training that was previously completed (For Thai Massage courses: $150. For Specialized Courses: 50% off regular price.)
before starting the following level of training.
10. Should the certification requirements not be met, Lotus Palm reserves the right not to issue a certificate. In this case, the certification application fee is non-refundable.
* Note that, in Ontario, Certifications are not available. Full range of Thai Massage workshops and Certifications are offered through our Montreal office.
Product Policies
Payments are accepted by credit card (Visa, MasterCard or AMEX), cash or debit in Canadian or American funds only.
Products (excluding books and manuals) bought at our Montreal store, may be exchanged with a receipt up to 10 days after purchase providing they have not been open or used and are in the original packaging. In-store credit is valid for 30 days after exchange.
Books and manuals are final sale and non-refundable.
All online and phone purchases are non-refundable.
Lotus Palm will not be held responsible for any customs charges incurred during the shipping or receiving of packages. Any duty imposed at the border is the sole responsibility of the customer.
All prices on www.lotuspalm.com and in the shop are effective January 2013, and supersede any other printed or online material. Prices are subject to change without notice.
10% discount is offered on wholesale items when purchasing 10 or more of the same item. Discount only applies to retail price of items, not to be combined with other discounts or offers. Mat sets and books are non-applicable.
Prices are subject to change without further notice.
Massage Policies
Please consult our website for massage services and prices.
Payments are accepted by credit card (Visa, MasterCard or American Express), cash or debit in Canadian or American funds only.
Any video/audio capture of Lotus Palm massages, activities, etc. is strictly prohibited.
A credit card number will be requested when booking a massage.
Clients are asked to provide 24 hours notice for any cancellations.
Within 24 hours the massage is non-refundable and your card will be charged 50% of the price of the massage.
If the client doesn’t show for the appointment, the client will be charged 50% of the price of the massage.
Prices are subject to change without further notice.
Room Rental Policies
Students wishing to practice Thai Yoga Massage at Lotus Palm Montreal may do so for a fee of $5 on Mondays between the hours of 10am and 4pm. Students are required to call to reserve at least 24 hours in advance and bring their own white bed sheets.
Montreal Rates:
Temple Room (1200 sq ft)
Full Day (8 hours): $350
Earth Room (900 sq ft)
Full Day (8 hours): $300
Additional hours are $50/h.
All renters must sign a contract and are subject to approval beforehand.
Prices are subject to change without further notice.
Privacy & Security Policy
The use of this website and/or newsletter constitutes agreement with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Lotus Palm School gathers information given voluntarily by its visitors through the registration process.
The Lotus Palm School will keep the visitor's information confidential. This information will be used for internal purposes only.
The visitor will take responsibility for updating account information.
This site utilizes Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information. SSL encryption technology is designed to prevent the unauthorized viewing and downloading of your order information. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
Credit card information is encrypted using SSL technology.
A credit card transaction may be canceled if we reasonably determine that the order information you have provided to us is incorrect or fraudulent.
Note:
All policies, prices and schedules are subject to change without notice.
Credit for courses, massages and products are non-transferable (e.g. store credit for a course cannot be used for a massage.)
Special prices and discounts are non-transferable and cannot be combined with any other discount, promotion or special.
Gift certificates are non-transferable and non-refundable. They cannot be combined with any other discount, promotion or special.
The School
Courses
Massage
Happenings
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Policies
The shop
Mats
Books
Accessories
Clothing
Courses
Follow Us
Contact
info@lotuspalm.com5244 Saint Urbain St. Montreal, Qc, H2T 2W9, Canada Tel: 514-270-5713  Toll-Free: 1-855-888-5713
Newsletter:
Submit