https://www.eradimaging.com/about/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use Agreement
By accessing and using this Web Site you agree to be bound by the following Terms of Use and all terms and conditions contained and/or referenced herein or any additional terms and conditions set forth on this Web Site and all such terms shall be deemed accepted by you. If you do NOT agree to all these Terms of Use, you should NOT use this Web Site. If you do not agree to any additional specific terms which apply to particular Content (as defined below) or to particular transactions concluded through this Web Site, then you should NOT use the part of the Web Site which contains such Content or through which such transactions may be concluded and you should not use such Content or conclude such transactions.
These Terms of Use may be amended by eRADIMAGING.com at any time. Such amended Terms of Use shall be effective upon posting on this Web Site. Please check the Terms of Use published on this Web Site regularly to ensure that you are aware of all terms governing your use of this Web Site.
eRADIMAGING.com reserves the right to make changes or updates with respect to or in the Content of the Web Site or the format thereof at any time without notice. eRADIMAGING.com reserves the right to terminate or restrict access to the Web Site for any reason whatsoever at its sole discretion.
The fee for access to eRADIMAGING.com is a non-refundable payment in return for which the publisher guarantees access to all current continuing education programs (Category A credits), no more or less, made available on a monthly basis.
Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information on this Web Site, eRADIMAGING.com assumes no responsibility therefore. All content is provided “as is” and “as available.” eRADIMAGING.com hereby expressly disclaims any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, non-infringement, or as to the operation of this web site or the content. eRADIMAGING.com does not warrant or make any representations as to the security of this web site. You acknowledge any information sent may be intercepted. eRADIMAGING.com does not warrant that the web site or the servers which make this web site available or electronic communications sent by eRADIMAGING.com are free from viruses or any other harmful elements.
In no event shall eRADIMAGING.com or any of its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, punitive, special, or incidental damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business, contract, revenue, data, information, or business interruption) resulting from, arising out of or in connection with the use of, or inability to use this web site or the content, even if eRADIMAGING.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Any action brought against eRADIMAGING.com pertaining to or in connection with this web site must be commenced and notified to eRADIMAGING.com in writing within one year after the date the cause for action arose.
This Web Site may provide links to other web sites that are not under the control of eRADIMAGING.com. eRADIMAGING.com shall not be responsible in any way for the content of such other web sites. eRADIMAGING.com provides such links only as a convenience to the user of this Web Site, and the inclusion of any link to any such web sites does not imply endorsement by eRADIMAGING.com of the content of such web sites.
Copyright and all other proprietary rights in the Content (including but not limited to software, audio, video, text, and photographs) rests with eRADIMAGING.com. All rights in the Content not expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as otherwise provided, the Content published on this Web Site may be reproduced or distributed in unmodified form for personal non-commercial use only. Any other use of the Content, including without limitation distribution, reproduction, modification, display, or transmission without the prior written consent of eRADIMAGING.com is strictly prohibited. All copyright and other proprietary notices shall be retained on all reproductions.
Any material or information sent through or in connection with this Web Site by you (“User Materials”) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and immediately become the property of eRADIMAGING.com, subject to any privacy policies posted on this Web Site. eRADIMAGING.com may use such User Materials as it deems fit, anywhere in the world, without obligation for compensation, and free of any moral rights, intellectual property rights, and/or other proprietary rights in or to such User Materials.
Software made available for downloading from or through this Web Site is licensed subject to the terms of the applicable license agreement. Except as set forth in the applicable license agreement, the software is made available for use by end users only and any further copying, reproduction, or redistribution of the software is expressly prohibited. WARRANTIES, IF ANY, WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SOFTWARE SHALL ONLY APPLY AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT. eRADIMAGING.com HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL FURTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States for any claim or cause of action arising out of, or relating to, or in connection with these Terms of Use or this Web Site, provided that such exclusivity does not apply to legal actions initiated or brought by eRADIMAGING.com.
Personal information provided or collected through or in connection with this Web Site shall only be used in accordance with eRADIMAGING.com’s Privacy Policy.
Become a member
Satisfy your CE requirements today!
Join now
We offer special group rates, call or email.
908-253-9001
webmaster@eradimaging.com
Newsletter
Enter your email address to receive our new course alerts.