http://www.averaqueenofpeace.org/patients-visitors/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
I want to...
Find COVID-19 Resources
Pay My Bill
Request My Medical Records
Send a Greeting
Request a Prayer
Donate to Avera
Find a Job
Main Navigation
Health Services
Find a Doctor
Find a Location
Patients & Visitors
Find a Health Plan
For Health Care Professionals
Urgent, Evening & Weekend Care
Depending on COVID-19 spread, visitation may not be allowed at Avera locations. Please check with the facility before visiting.Use this COVID-19 resource if you have symptoms or have been exposed. View a list of clinic and facility closures.
You are here:
Home > Find a Location > Avera Queen of Peace Hospital
Avera Queen of Peace Hospital
Avera Queen of Peace Hospital
Contact Us
Call Avera Queen of Peace Hospital at 605-995-2000 or contact us online.
Contact Us
Avera Queen of Peace Hospital delivers comprehensive health care and extensive medical specialty services to central South Dakota.
Innovative Health Services Close to Home
No matter where you live, whether in a rural location or the Mitchell community, you and your doctor can rely on Avera Queen of Peace for the vital care you need.
Get fast access to a wide range of specialists at Avera Queen of Peace through our innovative eCARE™ telemedicine services, available at more than 150 Avera clinics and doctor offices across the region.
In the Mitchell area, you can visit the hospital or one of our affiliated primary care clinics, physician offices or walk-in locations.
Eye Care in Mitchell, SD
Quality optometry and ophthalmology services offered right here in Mitchell. Make an appointment today.
Avera Medical Group Optometry MitchellPhone: 605-995-5640
Avera Medical Group Ophthalmology MitchellPhone: 605-995-6393
Advanced Technology & Expert Care
When you face a health challenge or life with a chronic condition, you want the best possible care for your situation. Trust Avera Queen of Peace for an extensive array of advanced technology and services, including:
Verified Level III Trauma Center - Designated by the American College of Surgeons for comprehensive, 24/7 response to emergencies
Careflight emergency air transport - Rapid transport by air ambulance, equipped with the latest in life-saving technology and expert trauma teams
Advanced imaging, diagnostic and treatment technology - Includes everything from high-performance CT, MRI, digital and 3-D mammography and other digital imaging services to interventional radiology, interventional cardiology, minimally invasive surgical procedures and more
Avera QuickLabs - Stop in when it’s convenient and take advantage of a variety of blood tests for a flat fee
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) - The Wound Care & Hyperbaric Treatment Center is located in Suite G404 on the ground floor of the hospital
Top-Rated Care
Across the Avera system, including Avera Queen of Peace, you benefit from evidence-based care, a strong focus on your safety and comfort while you stay with us, and the best possible outcomes from your particular situation.
In addition, you're assured of outstanding care from the experts at Avera Queen of Peace because the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) shows we meet or exceed national standards on quality measures related to heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, emergency care and stroke care.
You'll also appreciate the professional, compassionate care you receive at Avera Queen of Peace.
Visiting Hours & Patient Information
Because families and caregiver networks play an important role in your health and recovery, be sure to encourage them to visit while you stay with us. Review patient and visitor information such as dining options, visiting hours and visitor amenities at Avera Queen of Peace, plus lodging and accommodations in the community of Mitchell.
Find out how to prepare for your hospital visit or how to prepare for your child's hospital visit. Take advantage of our spiritual care services.
Pay My Bill
You can pay your hospital bill online using Mastercard, Discover or Visa, through a secure payment form.
If you have questions or need to speak with hospital billing, call a patient account representative at 605-995-6600 or 605-995-7000 from 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Financial Assistance
Avera has financial assistance if you meet certain requirements and are unable to pay your bill.
Get an Estimate
Our price estimate tool will help you plan for upcoming health services.
Excellent Career & Volunteer Opportunities
Join Avera, the Upper Midwest's health care leader, for an inspiring and exciting career. Search the possibilities below:
All Avera jobs
Physician practice openings
Professional medical education
Avera also offers many classes for health care professionals and other opportunities for health care professionals, including programs for pharmacy residency, radiologic technology and emergency medical services.
Volunteer at Avera Queen of Peace
Put your talents, interests and skills to work by volunteering at Avera Queen of Peace. You can make a difference by escorting patients and guests, delivering flowers or cards to patients, welcoming patients or serving on special projects.
Find Classes & Events
Check out health-related classes and events at Avera Queen of Peace. Find support groups, health screenings or programs in your neighborhood.
Discover Avera Queen of Peace
When the Presentation Sisters established St. Joseph Hospital in 1906, at the request of Mitchell civic leaders, they brought with them a healing spirit and a commitment to minister to those in need. Today, as Avera Queen of Peace Hospital, the facility has undergone many changes and improvements since its doors first opened. Through the decades, Avera Queen of Peace has continued to grow in response to health needs as part of the region-leading Avera Health system. Discover more about Avera Queen of Peace, including:
Community health needs assessment
Notice Informing Individuals About Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements (Section 1557)
Facilities, such as Avera Cancer Institute Mitchell and Grassland Health Campus
Privacy and policies and False Claims Act policy
Patient Handbook in English  or en Español.
Complaints and Concerns
Avera Queen of Peace Hospital promotes open communication regarding your hospital experience. We encourage you to call the respective department director at 605-995-2000 or call the director of quality/risk management at 605-995-2464 to voice complaints, concerns and/or ask questions. Should you have a concern that is unresolved, you have the right to contact the South Dakota Department of Health or the Joint Commission:
South Dakota Department of Health600 E. Capitol Ave., Pierre, SD 57501605-773-3361
The Joint CommissionOne Renaissance BoulevardOakbrook Terrace, IL 60181Fax: 630-792-5636Jointcommission.orgGo to “Action Center” and click “Report a Patient Safety Event”
Avera Queen of Peace Foundation
Help provide top-quality health care to Avera patients, families and communities, regardless of anyone's ability to pay. Your gift changes lives and supports our healing ministry. Contact the Avera Queen of Peace Foundation or call us at 605-995-5773.
South Dakota Grant Information
The Internal Revenue Service Form 990 has been filed, if applicable, in compliance with federal law, and is displayed immediately after filing on the recipient's or sub-recipient's website. Additional Information
As a recipient of Federal financial assistance, Avera Queen of Peace Hospital does not exclude, deny benefits to, or otherwise discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability, or age in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and benefits under any of its programs and activities, whether carried out by Avera Queen of Peace Hospital or through a contractor or any other entity with which programs or activities are arranged.
This statement is in accordance with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Regulations of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued pursuant to these statutes of the Title 45 Code of Federal Regulations Part 80, 84, and 91.
Avera Queen of Peace Hospital
Avera Queen of Peace Patients & Visitors
Volunteer at Avera Queen of Peace
About Avera Queen of Peace
Contact Avera Queen of Peace
Avera is a health ministry rooted in the Gospel. Our mission is to make a positive impact in the lives and health of persons and communities by providing quality services guided by Christian values.
Support Avera
About Avera Health
Community Partnership Benefit
Annual Report
News & Media
Innovation & Research
Sign up for eNews
Sign up for Daily Reflections
Staff & Partners
Privacy Policy
Contact
© 2020 Avera Health, Sioux Falls, SD. All Rights Reserved.