http://www.ottawaheart.ca/patients-visitors/tools-and-resources/epic-mychart/epic-mychart-privacy
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome » Patients & Visitors » Tools and Resources » Epic MyChart
Epic MyChart Privacy
How we protect your privacy in Epic
The University of Ottawa Heart Institute and its healthcare partners now use the Epic digital health network. We collect and share your personal health information with other partners ensuring you get the best care possible, no matter where you get your care within our partner network. We will do so safely, using privacy and security controls to help keep your personal health information secure, meet healthcare best practices, and keep your care as a top priority. Visit Epic MyChart to learn more about our healthcare partnership and the digital health network.
What is my personal health information?
Personal health information includes any identifying information about your health or healthcare history. It can include things like your medical history, details of visits to your doctor, test results or your health card number.
How does Epic keep my health information secure?
We use a variety of technical and administrative privacy safeguards such as confidentiality agreements to protect your personal health information. We also track all access to your personal health information.
All staff are trained to protect patient privacy. Staff can access only the information they need to give you care or to support the team caring for you. This is required by law and by hospital policies.
How is my personal health information shared between partners?
Under Ontario’s Personal Health Information Protection Act, hospitals are “health information custodians,” which means they can collect, use and disclose personal health information to provide health care.
Through Epic, we can digitally share health information with the other partner hospitals in real-time. When you visit one of the hospital partners, your care provider will have up-to-date information about your health. You only have to tell your health story once, and your care provider has all of the information they need to help you make the best decisions for your care.
Can I limit who sees my personal health information in Epic?
Yes. You can limit access to your personal health information for healthcare purposes by asking for a consent directive, also known as a lockbox. There are several kinds of consent directives. You can lockbox your entire record, a specific visit or a staff member at one of the hospital partners from seeing your record. If you want to add a consent directive, contact the Health Records Department where you normally receive care for more information.
How can I access my personal health information in Epic?
Through Epic MyChart, you can view your personal health information online, at any time, anywhere. Epic MyChart lets you access test results when they are ready, see future appointments and review other health information. To learn more, visit Epic MyChart.
You may also get a copy of your chart by contacting the Health Records Department.
To make a correction to your health record, talk to your healthcare provider at your next visit, or contact the Health Records Department.
For more information
If you have any questions about the privacy of your personal health information in the Epic Health Information System, please contact:
Jennifer Lajeunesse, BSc.
Performance Measurement and Privacy Business Administrator
Quality, Risk, Patient Safety and Privacy Department
University of Ottawa Heart Institute
613-696-7000 ext 13575
Email: jlajeunesse@ottawaheart.ca
Coming to the Heart Institute
Clinics and Programs
Diseases and Conditions
Tests and Procedures
Tools and ResourcesPatient Guides
Epic MyChartFAQ
Epic MyChart Privacy
Living Well with Heart Disease
Caregiver Resources
Classes
Patient Support Groups
Cardiac Rehabilitation Guides
Cardiac Rehabilitation Top 10 Tips
Find Wellness Resources in Your Community
Clinical Departments
Find a Specialist
Quality Care and Patient Services
Engage in Clinical Research
Patient and Family Engagement
Calendar
Volunteer