http://www.mhyork.org/site-and-legal-information/privacy-and-compliance/
Skip to Content
1607655129520
1607655129660
UPMC Memorial
Popular Patient Tools
Close Nav
MyPinnacleHealth
Patient Portal
Pay My Bill
Request Appointment
Price Estimator
Find Walk-In Care (required)
Submit Walk-In Search
Toggle navigation
Go to Home Page
Toggle Quick Tools
Toggle Search
ALERT: Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information -- *Updated Visitor Guidelines
Read More
UPMC Memorial
Search Entire Website
Share:
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share by Email
Locations
UPMC Memorial
The new UPMC Memorial is a 98-bed hospital with all private patient rooms that opened in August 2019. The modern, five-level facility provides acute and emergency medical care, cardiology and vascular services, chronic disease management, surgical services, and treatment for patients in need of long-term acute care.
The campus includes a walking trail that is maintained and open to the community to use. With space for future expansion available on-site, UPMC Memorial's replacement hospital ensures we will be able to serve the health care needs of our community for generations.
The new hospital is located in West Manchester Township of York PA, off of Loucks road at 1701 Innovation Drive, York, PA 17408. Innovation Drive can be accessed via Loucks Road (next to Weis Markets) as well as Roosevelt Avenue (just north of Rutter's #47). If you are using your GPS, please be sure to use the zip code in the address entry. Please be sure to update your GPS devices, specifically stand-alone GPS (Garmin, TomTom, etc.) and in-car GPS devices.
UPMC Memorial
Phone: 800-436-4326
Phone: 717-843-8623
1701 Innovation DriveYork, PA 17408
Get Directions
Hours
Expand Details
Patient Care: 24/7Visiting Hours:General Visiting: 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. (Two visitors at a time)Critical Care Unit: 12 p.m. to 8 p.m. (Visiting time may be restricted depending on the patient's condition.)Maternity Center: 9 a.m. - 9 p.m. (Mother's key support person or baby's father may visit at any time)We will require that all visitors provide a photo ID. Without ID, there will be no admittance to our new Women and Babies CenterAfter Hours Visitors: All visitors in the Hospital after 9 p.m. are required to wear a visitor identification badge. Badges can be obtained at the nearest nursing station. Children under 12 require special permission from the nurse manager and must be supervised by an adult visitor at all times.
Offices
Services
Parking & Visitor Info
Patient Registration
Showing 5 Offices in this Building
Emergency Room at UPMC Memorial
Phone:
717-849-5730
Hours:
24/7
Gift Shop at UPMC Memorial
Main Lobby
Phone:
717-815-2744
Hours:
Click for hours
UPMC Imaging Services
Phone:
717-230-3700
Hours:
Click for hours
UPMC Lab Services
Phone:
717-849-5790
Fax:
717-815-2319
Hours:
Click for hours
UPMC Memorial Labor and Delivery
Phone:
717-815-2351
Hours:
Patient Care: 24/7
Cancer Care
Cardiac Catheterization and Angioplasty
Chest Pain Center
Coronary Calcium Scoring
Critical Care Medicine
Emergency, Urgent and Walk-In Care
General Surgery
Gynecologic Cancers
Hospitalist Program
Imaging / Radiology
Laboratory Services
Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation
Pregnancy and Childbirth Services
Surgery
Please visit UPMCPinnacle.com/COVID19 to see important updates with our visitor policy.
Parking is free and available outside of the hospital.
• Click here for a list of bus routes.
• Download a parking map.
• Download walking trail map.
Visiting Guidelines
Visitation is a therapeutic part of the patient's hospital experience. It is the policy of UPMC Pinnacle hospitals to allow visitation in the least restrictive manner possible while providing for the comfort and safety of our patients. Parents are responsible for the control and behavior of their children Visitors may be requested to leave at any time at the discretion of the medical, nursing or security staff.
Patient Registration
Thank you for choosing UPMC Memorial. We want to make your experience here as convenient and efficient as possible. Our Pre-Registration Program allows the hospital to obtain all necessary registration and insurance information prior to your arrival.
You can pre-register for services by calling our Patient Registration department at 717-815-2351 Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. to noon.
When calling to register for services, you will also need the following information with you before you begin.
Your insurance card(s), including Medicare or Medicaid
Your physician's written order form
Your Social Security Number
Your employment information
Emergency contact information
Primary insurance-holder’s date of birth and employer information
Newsfeed
SHOW ALL
Blog Posts Only
Testimonials Only
News Articles Only
Videos Only
What to Expect After Knee Replacement Surgery
Cherie is a passionate line dancer, dog lover, teacher, and community member who was finding it difficult to perform her daily routine without pain.
Testimonial
All 7 UPMC Pinnacle Hospitals, Community LifeTeam Awarded by American Heart Association for Cardiac and Stroke Care
American Heart Association recognizes commitment to quality care and treatment HARRISBURG, Pa, (Sept. 4, 2020) &ndash...
News Article
UPMC Memorial Celebrates First Anniversary
York, Pa. (Aug. 18, 2020) – One year ago today, UPMC Memorial transported  a small number of patients from...
News Article
The New UPMC Memorial Opened for Patients Aug. 18
YORK, Pa. (August 19, 2019) -- UPMC Memorial, UPMC Pinnacle’s new, 102-bed private-room hospital, opened its do...
News Article
Meet the Providers and Staff of UPMC Memorial at “Surprise Perks” in York
YORK, Pa. (June 6, 2019) - UPMC Memorial providers and staff will stop in at local coffee shops and diners in the Yor...
News Article
Lung Cancer Prevention: 7 Tips to Reduce Your Risk
Remember when your mom always told you what you do now will catch up with you when you are&nbspolder? She wasn't l...
Blog Post
See More
Your browser is not supported. To view this website,
please download the latest version of IE.
If this is a medical emergency, please dial 911