http://www.skeletalrad.org/privacy-center
Skip to main content
Privacy Center
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of this website. The data we collect will only be used to provide information you receive as a standard member benefit. You can be assured that we will not sell or distribute to third parties any of the information that we collect through this website. As a resource for our members, we provide links to other sites. While we expect those sites share the same high standards and respect for privacy, we cannot be held responsible for the content or the privacy practices utilized by these other sites. Effective May 24th 2018Privacy PolicyOverviewWe value and respect your individual privacy and are committed to protecting it at all times. This Privacy Policy explains how the Society collects, uses and safeguards information collected through its website. GlossaryFor the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the following terms are defined:Personally Identifiable Information – any and all information identifying you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number(s), email address, or company name.Non-Personally Identifiable Information – information that does NOT identify you personally. This may include technical or demographic information, such as your IP address, the browser you used to access the Site, date and time of visit, the URL of the page being loaded, other website(s) visited, any previously assigned cookie identification (a unique identifier assigned to a user to identify repeat visitors), browser window size, your geographic location and device or operating system used to access the Site. To capture non-personally identifiable information, we use cookies and web beacons.Cookies and Web Beacons – A "cookie" is a small text file that web servers typically send to a user's computer when they visit a website. Cookies are stored as text files on user's hard drive and can be accessed by web servers when the user visits a Site or views an advertisement. A session cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user is using the site, but is deleted once the browser session is finished. A persistent cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user utilizes the Site and stores and uses that information in connection with future visits of the user to the Site. Third-party cookies and/or web beacons are cookies or web beacons provided by our technology and/or advertising partners. Any third-party cookie or web beacon that we authorize for use on the Site only collects that information described below for the same stated purposes as if we were directly collecting the information. For a third-party cookie or web beacon, the third-party will have access to the collected information in order to provide us with information or services to enhance the performance and functionality of the Site.If you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on your hard drive. If you consent to our collection of cookies and you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent, you will need to manage the settings on your web browser to delete all cookies and disallow further acceptance of cookies. Please note that disabling cookies on your browser will prevent us from tracking your activities in relations to our Site, however, it may also disable some of the functions and features of the Site and the Site may not work properly. If you do not wish to accept cookies or web beacons in connection with your use of this Site, please discontinue use of the Site. By continuing to use our Site, you are agreeing to our placing cookies and/or web beacons on your computer in order to analyze the way you use our Site. Information CollectionWhen you browse the Society website, and do not interact with the site for any online service or products, you browse anonymously. Your personally identifiable information is not collected as you browse.When you choose to interact with our site (i.e., purchasing a product or service, registering for a meeting, paying membership dues, download resources or requesting information and materials), we will collect certain personally identifiable information from you. The type of information collected will be determined based on the type of product or service you seek, but may include your name, address, phone number billing and delivery information, email address or other demographic information. Information UseOnce collected, we may use your personally- and non-personally identifiable information for the following purposes:Register you or complete a transaction for programs and services you have requested.Deliver services, such as information, newsletters or other content that may be relevant to your membership benefits or meeting registration.Alert you to special offers, promotions, updated information and other new services.Allow you access to member only areas of the website.Respond to your emails or online requests.Measure the success of any new online programs or materials.Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise use, share or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to any third parties. Email CommunicationsWe send "transactional or relational email messages," which include, but are not limited to, electronically transmitted newsletters, meeting information, surveys and society information. You may opt-out of receiving emails by following the "unsubscribe" instructions of any email message sent to you from the Society.Email addresses are captured during the meeting/conference registration process. This information is necessary to collect and retain for compliance for continuing education.We do not share, rent or sell email addresses to commercial vendors. Members DirectoryThe members-only directory is provided as a member benefit. Members can completely control what data they wish to share in the members-only directory. Please log into your profile and view the information that is currently available on your profile. Please take a moment to edit your information to be sure only information you want shared is listed. Members have the option to opt out of the directory or remove all address/contact information. It is important to understand that if you remove all method of contact, you will be unable to receive member communication such as electronically transmitted newsletters, meeting information, surveys and society information. Web LinksThis Site may contain links to or from other websites, such as those of members and other medical associations, etc. We cannot verify the privacy practices of other websites. SSL TechnologyWe realize the importance of security, so we've taken a number of steps to enhance the protection of information sent to or from the Society over the Internet. We require a "secure session" be established, using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This is done any time you supply or access information in one of our secure online areas. SSL technology creates a private conversation only your computer and our systems can understand. The SSL technology encodes information as it is being sent over the Internet between your computer and our systems, helping to ensure the transmitted information remains confidential. Privacy Policy PDF We reserve the right to modify, alter, or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason; however, in no event will future changes to the Privacy Policy jeopardize or negate the assurances now stated in the Policy.
Preferences
We respect your privacy and want to provide you with the options, information, and choices below to express your preferences:Opt out of ALL communications