http://www.bbf.org.au/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Privacy statement
Industry Capability Network Queensland is committed to protecting your privacy
and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online
experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Industry Capability
Network Queensland website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Industry
Capability Network Queensland website, you consent to the data practices
described in this statement.
Collection of your personal information
Industry Capability Network Queensland collects personally identifiable
information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or phone
number. Industry Capability Network Queensland also collects anonymous
demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your post code,
age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that
is automatically collected by Industry Capability Network Queensland. This
information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access
times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Industry
Capability Network Queensland for the operation of the service, to maintain
quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Industry
Capability Network Queensland website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally
identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Industry
Capability Network Queensland public message boards, this information may be
collected and used by others. Note: Industry Capability Network Queensland does
not read any of your private online communications.
Industry Capability Network Queensland encourages you to review the
privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Industry Capability
Network Queensland so that you can understand how those websites collect, use
and share your information. Industry Capability Network Queensland is not
responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of
the Industry Capability Network Queensland and Industry Capability Network
Queensland family of websites.
Use of your personal information
Industry Capability Network Queensland collects and uses your personal
information to operate the Industry Capability Network Queensland website and
deliver the services you have requested. Industry Capability Network Queensland
also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other
products or services available from Industry Capability Network Queensland and
its affiliates. Industry Capability Network Queensland may also contact you via
surveys to conduct research about your opinion of services or of potential new
services that may be offered.
It is a necessary requirement of operating the Industry Capability
Network Queensland website and to maximise the benefits available to users that
some of the information you have provided is available to third parties who may
wish to use your products or service. By using the website you are agreeing to Industry
Capability Network Queensland making this information available to third
parties.
Industry Capability Network Queensland does not sell, rent or lease its
customer lists to third parties. Industry Capability Network Queensland may,
from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a
particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique
personally identifiable information (email, name, address, phone number) is not
transferred to the third party. In addition, Industry Capability Network
Queensland may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical
analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange
for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal
information except to provide these services to Industry Capability Network
Queensland, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your
information.
Industry Capability Network Queensland does not use or disclose
sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political
affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Industry Capability Network Queensland keeps track of the websites and
pages our customers visit within Industry Capability Network Queensland, in
order to determine what Industry Capability Network Queensland services are the
most popular. This data is used to deliver customised content and advertising
within Industry Capability Network Queensland to customers whose behaviour
indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Industry Capability Network Queensland websites will disclose your
personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in
the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Industry Capability
Network Queensland or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property
of Industry Capability Network Queensland; and, (c) act under exigent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Industry Capability
Network Queensland, or the public.
Use of cookies
The Industry Capability Network Queensland website use ‘cookies’ to help
you personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed
on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs
or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and
can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience
feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server
that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise Industry
Capability Network Queensland pages, or register with Industry Capability
Network Queensland site or services, a cookie helps Industry Capability Network
Queensland to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This
simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing
addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Industry
Capability Network Queensland website, the information you previously provided
can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Industry Capability Network
Queensland features that you customised.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers
automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not
be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Industry Capability
Network Queensland services or websites you visit.
Security of your personal information
Industry Capability Network Queensland secures your personal information
from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Industry Capability Network
Queensland secures the personally identifiable information you provide on
computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a
credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through
the use of encryption, such as the secure socket layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this statement
Industry Capability Network Queensland will occasionally update this
Statement of privacy to reflect business and customer feedback. Industry
Capability Network Queensland encourages you to periodically review this
statement to be informed of how Industry Capability Network Queensland is
protecting your information.
Contact information
Industry Capability Network Queensland welcomes your comments about this
Statement of privacy. If you believe that Industry Capability Network
Queensland has not adhered to this statement, please contact Industry
Capability Network Queensland:
Privacy contact officer
Industry Capability Network Queensland
33 Mckechnie Drive
Eight Mile Plains QLD 4113
PO Box 4012
Eight Mile Plains QLD 4113
Phone 07 3364 0670
Fax 07 3364 0780
info@bbf.org.au