http://www.peng.org.uk/privacy-cookies.php
Skip to main content
The Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition Group - A Specialist Group of the British Dietetic Association
About Us
Chair's Welcome
Current Activities
PENG Committee
PENG Constitution
Clinical Update
Education & Research
PENG Study Day
Annual PENG Awards
Online Learning Modules
PENG stream at the Annual BDA Research Symposium
Panel Session
The Feeding Tube Challenge
Events Diary
Publications & Resources
Publications
Pocket Guide
Pocket Guide Q&A
e-PENLines
Presentations
Resources
Prescribing
Dietetic Outcomes Toolkit
Resources for HCPs
Resources for Patients & HCPs
Diet Sheets
Links
Join Us
HCP Forums
HEF Group
Members' Section
Login/Register
Welcome
e-PENLines
Annual Meeting & Presentations
Recently published PENG articles
Clinical Nutrition & Enteral NutritionSupport Abstracts
Journal of Human Nutrition & Dietetics
PENG AGM Minutes
Diet Sheets
PENG Constitution
Privacy & Cookies
The Parenteral & Enteral Nutrition Group (PENG) (“We”) commit ourselves to protecting and respecting your privacy when visiting our website.
This privacy policy sets out how we will process and use any personal data that you provide to us, or that we may collect as a result of visiting www.peng.org.uk. Please read the following information to understand our practices with regards to your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Any information that you provide by filling in forms on our site. This includes provided information at the time of registering to use our site, posting material, requesting further services or subscribing to any service offered by us on the site. We might also request further information and if you should report a problem with our site
We may keep a record of any correspondence if you should contact us
Details of the resources you access and of your visits to our site
Cookies
As required by the UK interpretation of EU law on Cookies, we have reviewed the cookies used by our service and give advice so that you can manage the use of cookies.
This site uses cookies to collect information about how the site is used by its visitors. Cookies provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site, which may include the duration of individual page views, paths taken by visitors through the site, and other general information.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
However, should you wish to delete or disable the cookies, you can do so by referring to the 'Help' option on the menu bar of your browser. This will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies; notify you when you receive new cookies; and disable cookies altogether.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
Any data that we collect from you may be stored at, and transferred to, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). This data may also be processed by staff that operates outside the EEA working us or one of our suppliers. In submitting your personal data, you agree to such a transfer and the storing and processing of this data. To ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy we will endeavour to take all reasonable necessary steps in protecting your privacy.
We will do our best to protect your personal data, unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our sites. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
Uses Made of the Information
We use the information held about you in the following ways:
To notify you of any changes to our service
To ensure that the content of our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
Where you have consented to be contacted, to provide you with the information, products and services requested from us or in the event that we feel will be of interest to you
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, should you choose to do so
In allowing ourselves to carry out our obligations concerning any contracts entered into between you and us.
We may also use your data to inform you and provide information on goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want your data used in this way for marketing purposes please tick the relevant box on the form in which we collect your data.
We respect your privacy and will not share your data with any third parties except as described in the next section.
Disclosure of Your Information
As defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985 we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. These include our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
To the prospective buyer or seller of any business or assets in the event that we sell or buy
If we are under a duty to comply with any legal obligation to disclose or share your personal data. To protect the rights, property and safety of our customers or others, or to enforce our terms of use for the site. For the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction this may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations
Third Party Websites
From time to time our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you visit any of these sites please note that they have their own privacy policies and you should check these before submitting any personal data. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Access to Information
In accordance with the Act you can exercise the right to access any information we hold about you. Any request may be subject to a fee of £10.00 in order to meet our costs in providing any details of the information we may hold about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will where appropriate notify you by email of any changes made to our privacy policy and these changes will also be posted on this page.
Contact
We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy and should be emailed to peng@bda.uk.com