http://www.sharp.com/patient-rights-privacy/
Patient Rights and Privacy
Home
Patient Rights and Privacy
Patient Rights and PrivacyYour safety is our priority.
At Sharp, we are committed to ensuring you receive the safest care possible — and delivered with the utmost respect to your rights and privacy as a patient.
What you need to know.
We encourage you to learn about your rights and responsibilities and to play an active role in your health care.
Notice of privacy practices
Patient safety concerns
Patient rights and responsibilitiesNotice of nondiscrimination and accessibilityLanguage interpreter services
We'll help find the doctor who's right for you.
View
doctors specializing in primary care in San Diego.
Find a primary care doctor
Dr. Joy Emmanuel-Cochrane
"The health of your family and employees is important to me, so I am dedicated to providing quality medical care."
Dr. Kin Wong
"I have been in practice since 1985."
Dr. Marsha Blount
"I enjoy being a patient advocate and providing thorough and compassionate care."
Dr. Amity Clow
"The Sharp Experience plays an integral role in my decision to work here — I believe in the delivery of high quality healthcare with the goal of maximizing patient satisfaction."
Dr. Gary McFeeters
"I have been in practice since 1980."
Dr. John Webb
"I have been in practice since 1969."
Dr. Daniel Brown
"I encourage an active partnership between doctor and patient."
Dr. Adam Sacks
"My goal is to assist my patients in becoming the happiest and healthiest they can be."
Dr. Martha Lozano
"I strive to provide quality care."
Dr. Neema Shakibai
"The Sharp Experience means providing the best quality care through positive partnerships, open communication and collaboration."
Dr. Perry Montoya
"The Sharp Experience means delivering detailed, up-to-date health assessments to patients with sincerity and compassion."
Dr. Mark Hubbard
"I provide the best care for all of my patients."
Sign in
Sign In
All Categories
Advanced Care Life Support (ACLS)
Bariatric surgery
Basic Life Support (BLS)
Bereavement
Breast cancer
Cancer
Cancer support groups
Cardiac Training Center
Childbirth preparation
Chronic disease management
City of San Diego employees
City of San Diego health & wellness workshops
Congestive heart failure
Continuing education
Covered California
CPR and first aid
Embarazo y parto
En español
Financial and health care planning
Health screenings
Heart
Integrative and complementary medicine
Medicare
Men's health
Mental health
Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP)
Newborn and baby care
Nutrition
Online education programs
Orthopedics
Pain management
Parenting and child development
Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)
Pregnancy and childbirth
Prenatal hospital tours
Seniors and aging
Sharp Chula Vista employees
Sharp Coronado employees
Sharp employee education
Sharp employee online education
Sharp Grossmont employees
Sharp Metro employees
Sharp-Rees Stealy employees
Smoking cessation
Stress management
Stroke
Weight management
Wellness
Women's care
View category descriptions
Contact Sharp HealthCare
Call us
1-800-827-4277
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
Email us
Please do not use this form to convey personal or medical information.
I need help with
General/other
Billing
Careers
Classes
Hospital care
FollowMyHealth
Sharp HealthCare number or account number
How would you like to be contacted?
Email
Phone
Choose a hospital
Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center
Sharp Coronado Hospital
Sharp Grossmont Hospital
Sharp Mary Birch
Sharp McDonald Center
Sharp Memorial Hospital
Sharp Mesa Vista Hospital
First name
Last name
Date of birth
Month
Day
Year
Street address
ZIP code
Email
Phone
Optional
May we leave a message at this number?
Message
Please check the box proving that you are not a robot.
Find other numbers
View our phone directory
What's This?
These important numbers are located on your billing statement.
Find your SharpCare account number
What's GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) governs the processing of personal information gathered from individuals while they are in the European Union (EU) and parts of the EEA (European Economic Area, which currently includes Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway).
We are sorry, but we are unable to process your price estimate if you live or are travelling within the EU or affiliated nations.
What's This?
Many surgery and procedure names sound similar. If possible, please provide the current procedure terminology (CPT) code, which can be found on the order from your doctor.
If you cannot provide the CPT code, please contact your doctor's office for the CPT or a detailed description of services.