http://www.stammering.org/legal-disclaimer/privacy
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Legal & Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
The British Stammering Association, trading as Stamma, is committed to safeguarding your privacy rights and ensuring that your personal data is protected. This Privacy Policy explains our use of your personal data when you use our website (the 'site') and/or interact with us. It also explains your rights and options around how we use your personal data.
In this Privacy Policy 'Stamma', 'BSA', 'we,' 'us' or 'our' means: British Stammering Association, trading as Stamma, registered charity in England & Wales, 1089967 and Scotland, SC038866.   Stamma is the controller of your personal data and our contact details are set out at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Please ensure that you provide a copy of this Privacy Policy to any third parties whose personal data you provide to us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect various types of information when you visit our site, communicate with us, or contact us via the helpline, make a donation, purchase our products, sign-up as a volunteer, take part in an event, or register as a Stamma member. We may also collect your personal data from third parties, e.g., third party fundraising platforms and event organisers.
For details on information collected via our Helpline see our Helpline Privacy Policy.
Information we collect includes:
Visitors to our site: we collect various types of information, such as browser type, IP address, date and time of visit, average time spent on the website, cookie ID, and any site that referred you to Stamma.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimise this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users' experience (eg how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymised user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the 'about Hotjar' section of Hotjar’s support site.
Joining our mailing list: we collect information, such as, name, e-mail address, whether you or your child stammers, and whether you are a speech and language therapist.
Applying to become a Stamma member: we collect information, such as, name, address, e-mail address, whether you or your child stammers, whether you are a speech and language therapist, and whether you are aged 16 or over.
Purchasing a product or making a donation: we collect information such as, name, email address, address, telephone number, bank details and taxpayer status (to understand if we can claim Gift Aid). If you make a payment via our site, you will be transferred to a secure server operated by a third party payment processor. The payment processor will collect your credit card, debit card or account details along with other information in order to process your payment. If you have made a donation via an online fundraising platform (e.g., JustGiving), they will pass your information onto us to enable us to record and process your donation. Please make sure that you read the fundraising platform’s own privacy policy.
Contacting us: we collect your e-mail address, telephone number and other information if you engage with us directly via e-mail or by calling us.
We may also collect certain sensitive personal data (e.g., whether a person stammers). In each case, we will only do so if we have a valid reason and we are permitted by law (see the section, HOW INFORMATION IS USED below).
We collect and use your personal data via cookies on our site. Please see our Cookie Policy for further information.
HOW INFORMATION IS USED
Your personal data will be used by us for the following purposes, among others:
a) Visiting our Site:
To provide you with the services, products or information you have requested.
To process payments made via the site e.g., where you purchase a product on the site.
To personalise your visit to the site and to assist you while you use the site.
To improve the site by helping us understand who uses the site.
Legal basis : We have a legitimate interest to properly manage and administer our relationship with you and to ensure that we are effective and efficient as we can be.
b) Making a Donation:
To process your donation and claim Gift Aid.
To keep a record of your donations.
To update you with important administrative information about your donation.
Legal basis:  As a charitable organisation, we have a legitimate interest to process donations. To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
c) BSA Members:
To manage and maintain our relationships with you.
Legal basis: We have a legitimate interest to properly manage and administer our relationship with you and to ensure that we are effective and efficient as we can be
d) BSA Volunteers:
To process your application to be a BSA volunteer, and to subsequently administer the volunteering arrangement with you.
Legal basis: We have a legitimate interest to manage our charity including for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes.
Equal opportunities monitoring – you are not required to provide this information to us.
Legal basis: We have a legitimate interest to manage our charity including for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes. Where sensitive data are processed (e.g., racial/ethnic origin), this is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
e) General:
To provide support and to respond to your requests, complaints and enquiries.
Legal basis: We have a legitimate interest to respond to your requests and enquiries for ongoing administration purposes and to ensure that we are effective and efficient as we can be.
To keep a record of your relationship with us.
To manage events and to further our charitable objectives.
To monitor, maintain and improve the processes, information and data, technology and communications solutions and services we use.
To perform general, financial and regulatory accounting and reporting.
To meet our legal and regulatory obligations, and to establish, defend and enforce claims.
To investigate and resolve complaints and manage regulatory matters, investigations and litigation.
To share data with police, law enforcement, tax authorities or other government and fraud prevention agencies.
To monitor electronic communications for investigation and fraud prevention purposes, crime detection, prevention and investigation.
To share personal data with third parties that acquire or are interested in acquiring all or part of our assets or shares.
Legal basis:  We have a legitimate interest to manage our business including for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes and for the prevention and detection of crime provided our interests are not overridden by your interests.  To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
f) Marketing:
To contact you to tell you about products and services offered by us which we believe may interest you unless you advise us that you do not wish to receive marketing or market research communications from us.
Legal basis:  If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent. If you wish to stop receiving marketing or market research communications from us you can unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of the relevant marketing e-mail or contact us using the contact details below.
Your Right to Object - Please note that you have a right to object to processing of your personal data where that processing is carried out for our legitimate interest or for direct marketing.
INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE & INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in order to achieve the purposes described in HOW INFORMATION IS USED, above. This may include sharing your information with trusted partners and suppliers e.g., our IT service providers, fulfilment partners, partners who help us process donations and claim Gift Aid, and partners who help us manage our social media accounts.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal data to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
if substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us may be one of the transferred assets
if we are under any legal or regulatory duty to do so; and/or
to protect the rights, property or safety of BSA, its personnel, users, visitors or others.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area ('EEA')/UK - this may include a country which may not be subject to the same data protection laws as companies based in the UK. In these circumstances, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection, and implement appropriate safeguards (e.g., data transfer agreements). For further information in relation to these safeguard, please contact us using the contact details below.
RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We retain personal data as long as it is necessary and relevant for BSA. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate BSA
the type of personal data collected; and
whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the personal data.
Your Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal data, including the right to:
request access to personal data we hold about you
the correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete
request that we erase your personal data
opt-out of any marketing communications that we may send you and to object to us using / holding your personal data if we have no legitimate reason to do so
request that we restrict the processing of your personal data – i.e., we would need to secure and retain the data for your benefit but not otherwise use it
withdraw your consent at any time (e.g., for direct marketing); and
the portability of personal data – i.e., ask for a copy of your personal data to be provided to you, or a third party, in a digital format.
We will respond to your request in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as practicable and in any event not more than within one month after receipt of your request. In exceptional cases, we may extend this period by two months and we will tell you why. We may request proof of identification to verify your request. For more details in relation to your rights, including how to exercise them, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this policy.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal data with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office.
CONSEQUENCES OF NOT PROVIDING PERSONAL DATA
Where we require your personal data to comply with our legal requirements, failure to provide this information means we may not be able to provide the requested services to you. We will tell you when we ask for your information whether it is a statutory or contractual requirement to give us the information and the consequences of not providing the information.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to BSA operated services and applications. Our site may contain links to other websites that are not operated or controlled by BSA. BSA does not control such third-party websites or their privacy practices. Any personal data you choose to give to third-party websites is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version of the policy on our site. We will notify you of any material changes via e-mail or through a notification on our Site. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective immediately after being posted. We encourage you to periodically review the Privacy Policy to stay informed of changes and on how we are protecting your personal data.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by phone on 020 8983 1003 or by email on data@stamma.org
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
In this section
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Helpline Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Join us
If you, your child or someone you know stammers, then join us and create a better world for people who stammer. It's free. Become a member.
Useful links
Creating a better world for people who stammer.
The British Stammering Association, trading as Stamma, is committed to safeguarding your privacy rights and ensuring that your
How we'll deal with your complaints.
Your Voice
A-Level student, fashion intern and YouTuber Tamsin Laura talks about the ups and downs of stammering, not being so hard on yourself and sharing experiences through videos.
Kirsty Haigh, on the challenges she faced when her son, Elliot, started stammering.
Dori Holte shares her regrets about making fluency the goal when her son started stammering, and describes what she would have done differently.
Read More
Get involvedBecome a member. Connect with others locally & online. Volunteer, donate & share your story to inspire others.Join usConnect with othersShare your story
Back to top
Need help?
Talk to us on webchat, helpline or email
Open weekdays 10am–12pm and 6pm–8pm