https://www.aasv.org/help/privacy.html
Personal Data Collection and Privacy
The American Association of Swine Veterinarians (AASV) is a professional organization based in Perry, Iowa, USA. We
have written this document to share with you how we collect and use your information and to disclose other
organizations with which it may be shared.
Information we collect and why
We collect information in order to be able to provide you with membership and other services you request. When you
communicate with the AASV online, by phone, fax, or mail, you are transmitting your information to the USA where it
will be stored.
AASV Membership
When you submit a request for membership (or renew membership) in the AASV, we will ask you for your name, address, telephone
number(s), and email address. Additionally, we will ask you to identify relevant education achievements (degree or
certificate, year earned, and institution). You may optionally indicate the gender with which you identify.
We use this information to be able to verify your eligibility for
membership and to provide membership services to you.
Membership information is retained indefinitely. You may view your current directory information online by accessing
the membership directory. You may view your complete membership information by requesting it from the AASV. You may make
changes to your membership records at any time by contacting the AASV.
AASV products and services
If you order services such as registration for the AASV Annual Meeting or purchase items such as the Swine Disease
Manual, we will ask for your name, address, telephone
number(s), and email address. Additional information may be required, including payment information (see below).
Website access
Our web server logs the time, IP address, resource requested, and the "referrer" page from which you linked
to the resource, if any. If access to the resource is restricted, your username may be recorded.
We use server logs to maintain and monitor online services.
Web logs are retained for one year. You may view web logs related to your access by contacting the webmaster.
Excepting log entries that include your username, we will be unable to identify log entries related to you unless
you can include the IP address you were using at the time of interest to you.
With your consent, we use Google Analytics
(GA) to learn how our users use the site in aggregate (not individually). We have disabled integration with other Google products and services (such
as their advertising, which we do not use). We have also set GA to
anonymize your IP address, to further enhance your privacy. Google's privacy policies may be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
You appear to have blocked JavaScript (or it's taking a very long time to load), so we can't give you
information about and control over Google Analytics on this browser right now.
Journal of Swine Health and Production and AASV Proceedings
The AASV collects name, address, and corporate/institutional affiliation for authors and reviewers in response to
your request to publish or present your work or when you agree to serve as a reviewer. (Thank you, reviewers!) This
information will be stored in the USA, in Canada, or both.
Web browser cookies
Our website uses "cookies" to enhance your experience. Web browsers store cookies in their local
storage for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web
browser to refuse or block cookies. If you do so, some parts of the
site may not function properly. For example, if you refuse cookies, the notification that we use cookies will
appear on every page (a cookie is used to record that you acknowledged it) and you will be unable to access areas
of the site that require membership or session identification such as sending payments.
How we use collected information
AASV may collect and use Users' personal information for the following purposes:
To improve service: Information you provide helps us respond to your requests and support your needs more
efficiently.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a
group use the services and resources provided on our website.
To improve our website: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only
to provide service to that order. (Credit card information is sent by the User directly to our payment processor
who returns only the last few digits of the card number back to the AASV.)
To share your information with third parties: We may share or sell information with third parties for
marketing or other purposes (see Information Sharing, below).
To run website features such as a promotion, contest, or survey
To send information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails such as the weekly AASV e-Letter
To allow you to participate in email discussion lists and any similar opportunity offered by the website.
We may use your email address to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. It may also be used to
respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing lists, for
example by becoming a member of the AASV, you will receive emails that may include association news, updates,
related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving certain
types of messages, you may do so by modifying your email preferences located in the Members Preferences section of our website. You may also add your
email address to a permanent unsubscribe list which will immediately block new email
except in response to your requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices, and security measures to protect against
unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password,
transaction information, and data stored on our website.
All data exchange between the website and its Users happens over an SSL-secured communication channel and is
encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Information sharing
With other members
Directory information (name, address, phone, email) is shared with other members both online on a secured,
member-only page and in a printed directory mailed directly to members from the AASV office. This is an inherent
function of membership in AASV; however, you may opt out of this directory sharing with other members by contacting
the AASV office or by setting your preferences on the membership website.
AASV members are able to participate in a members-only email discussion list. If you post a message to this list, any
personal data you include in your message is not controlled by AASV and will be shared with members worldwide. You
are under no obligation to use this service or to send personal data in your messages, but because veterinary
laws vary worldwide, when you use this service we
ask you to identify the region in which you are practicing..
Future services may allow members to share user-generated content (such as photographs) with other members. It is
probable that your name and any personal data you might include in your content would be shared with other
members.
Payment processing
Many of the services we provide incur expenses. When you pay for these services using a credit card, we will transmit
the name and address on the card to our payment processor. When you order these services through our website, the
other form data you provide to specify the service we will provide will also be transmitted to the payment processor
but is not retained by them.
Other parties
AASV has occasionally sold physical single-use mailing labels to allow relevant companies to provide information
about their products directly to AASV members in the USA and, rarely, Canada. AASV doesn't and won't sell contact
information for members outside of North America.
In publications
Personal information, usually limited to name, position, corporate/institutional affiliation, and academic degrees,
may appear in AASV publications when reporting news or publishing your work. We also thank reviewers by name once
each year in the Journal of Swine Health and Production.
Other concerns
Advertising
Ads appearing on our website and in email are delivered by the AASV and do not include any individual tracking
“cookies” or scripts. We do record anonymous aggregate information (a weekly total of views and clicks)
to offer our sponsors some measure of the delivery of their advertising.
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain
information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to
attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
AASV has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the
main page of our website and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently
check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we
collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and
become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not
use our website. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed
your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this
website, please contact us at:
AASV
830 26th Street Perry, IA 50220
515-465-5255
aasv@aasv.org
This document was last updated on December 1, 2019.