https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/home/privacy
×
B.C. has declared a state of emergency. Our response to COVID-19 | Province-wide restrictions
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Accessibility Statement
Menu
Careers & HR
Services
Forms
News
Contact us
Employment, business and economic development
theme_13_collection
theme_13_frontend
Employment, business and economic development
Business
Job seekers & employees
Employers
Employment Standards & workplace safety
Economic development
International investment and trade
Investment Capital
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Birth and adoption
Marriage
Death
Separation and divorce
Legal changes of name
Statistics and reports
Order certificates and copies
Birth, adoption, death and marriage reports
British Columbians and our governments
British Columbians and our governments
Organizational structure
Initiatives, plans and strategies
Government ID
Indigenous People
Services & policies for government
Celebrating British Columbia
Multiculturalism and anti-racism
Local governments
Government finances
Technology and innovation
Data
Data
B.C. Data Catalogue
Statistics
Geographic data
Open Data
Data management and research
Education and training
Education and training
Early Learning
Kindergarten to Grade 12
Post-secondary Education
Adult education
Ways to learn
Job and career training
Driving and transportation
Driving and transportation
Driving and cycling
Passenger travel
Vehicle safety and enforcement
Funding, engagement and permits
Transportation infrastructure
Transportation reports and reference
Transportation and the environment
Farming, natural resources and industry
Farming, natural resources and industry
Agriculture & Seafood
Construction Industry
Electricity & Alternative Energy
Crown Land & Water
Forestry
Natural Gas & Oil
Mineral Exploration & Mining
Rangelands
Working on the Land Base
Health
Health
About B.C.'s Health Care System
Accessing Health Care
Assisted Living in BC
Health & Drug Coverage
Managing Your Health
Keeping B.C. Healthy & Safe
Conducting Health Research & Evaluation
Health Forms
Practitioner & Professional Resources
Family and social supports
Family and social supports
Youth & Family Services
Family Benefits
Childcare BC
Fostering
Seniors
Services for people with disabilities
Borrowing Money
Income assistance
Data, Monitoring & Quality Assurance
Environmental protection and sustainability
Environmental protection and sustainability
Climate Change
Pesticides & Pest Management
Plants, Animals & Ecosystems
Waste Management
Air, Land & Water
Research, Monitoring & Reporting
Natural Resource Stewardship
Housing and tenancy
Housing and tenancy
Residential Tenancies
Strata Housing
Owning a Home
Seniors Housing
Affordable and Social Housing
Local Governments and Housing
Building or Renovating
Real Estate in B.C.
Law, crime and justice
Law, crime and justice
Response to COVID-19
About B.C.'s Justice System
Criminal Justice
Human Rights
Courthouse services
For Legal Professionals
Public safety and emergency services
Public safety and emergency services
Public Safety
Emergency Preparedness, Response & Recovery
Crime Prevention
Wildfire Service
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Sports
Recreation
Arts & Culture
Event Hosting
Gambling & Fundraising
Ticket Buying
Taxes and tax credits
Taxes and tax credits
Sales Taxes
Income Taxes
Property Taxes
Speculation & Vacancy Tax
Employer Health Tax
Natural Resource Taxes
Insurance Taxes
Tax Audits, Rulings & Appeals
Using eTaxBC Online Services
Tax Changes
Tax Interpretation Manual
Tourism and immigration
Tourism and immigration
Immigrating to B.C.
Travelling in B.C.
Moving to British Columbia
Tourism Resources
Search
default_collection
default_frontend
Home
B.C. Government Website Privacy Statement
Introduction
The British Columbia (B.C.) government is committed to protecting your privacy. The B.C. Government collects, uses and discloses your personal information in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIPPA) and other applicable legislation. ‘Personal information’ is defined broadly in the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act as recorded information about an identifiable individual, other than contact information, which is the information used to contact a person at a place of business. The purpose of this privacy statement is to inform you of the personal information that may be collected from you when visiting a B.C. government website and how that information may be used.
Scope
This privacy statement relates only to the information automatically collected from you as a result of your visit to the website. It does not include information a website requests from you. Any additional collections of personal information by a website will be addressed in a collection notice on that website.
How is my personal information collected?
B.C. government websites collect information about your visit, including personal information, through the use of audit logs and cookies. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by your web browser when using some websites.
What personal information is being collected?
The information collected is:
The web browser and operating system you are using (e.g. Vista, XP, Safari).
The date and time of the visit.
The pages or services accessed.
If you were on another website before visiting the B.C. government website, the URL (web address) of that previous website if it referred you to the B.C. government website.
The URL (web address) of the first website you visit immediately upon leaving the B.C. government website if you were referred to that website by the B.C. government website.
The Internet Protocol (IP) network domain name (e.g. shaw.ca) and address (e.g. 192.10.100.20) of the computer you are using. IP address and domain are identifiers that may be used to distinguish between users and identify your internet service provider or your computer itself.
The B.C. government, via its websites, will notify you if cookies will be collecting additional information from you. A cookie may remain on your computer after the Internet session finishes (until the cookie expires or is deleted by you).
The B.C. government collects personal information under the authority of section 26(c) of FOIPPA for the purposes stated below in the next section.
What is the purpose for collecting my personal information and how will it be used?
The B.C. government collects personal information through cookies to better understand general user trends at an aggregate level and improve web performance, web services, and website maintenance. Personal information will only be used by authorized staff to fulfill the purpose for which it was originally collected or for a use consistent with that purpose, unless you expressly consent otherwise. The B.C. government collects personal information through security audits to protect against threats from hackers, and for other enforcement and security purposes. The B.C. government does not use this data to determine your identity unless required to do so as part of an internal investigation or for another enforcement-related purpose, and then, only in compliance with FOIPPA.
Can I opt out of the collection of my personal information?
Your browser may permit you to disable cookies, but you cannot opt out of the information collected for audit purposes. Also, your decision to disable cookies may impair your ability to browse, read, and download information contained on B.C. government websites, and government may be unable to personalize your web experience. However, you may still be able to access B.C. government services by other methods such as personal contact, fax or mail.
What safeguards are in place to protect my personal information?
The Government of B.C. is obligated to protect your personal information by making reasonable security arrangements against such risks as unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or disposal. Specifically, access to systems, applications and the collected data is restricted to authorized personnel only. Furthermore, any personal information collected and used for identifying user trends (e.g. IP address) is aggregated and made anonymous during report generation.
How long is information retained?
Some cookies will remain on your computer for only as long as your browser remains open, or until you delete them off your computer. Other cookies will remain on your computer so that you may be recognized when you return to the website. These cookies will expire no later than 18 months from when they are first placed on your computer. Information collected as a part of a cookie or a security audit log is retained for 2 years. Information collected or created by the Government of B.C. is maintained in accordance with government's records retention schedules and other legislative requirements.
How can I access and correct information I submit to a web site?
You can review any personal information collected about you by requesting access to it by the ministry holding the information, or by submitting a Freedom of Information request. You may request changes or annotate your personal information if you believe it to be inaccurate by submitting a written request describing the error. Please contact the ministry or other government body holding your personal information. The Privacy, Compliance and Training Branch may be contacted for general information.
What about links to external websites from B.C. government websites?
B.C. government websites may include links to external websites. Once you leave a B.C. government website, this privacy statement does not apply. The B.C. government is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites.
Who can I contact for more information about this privacy statement?
Questions regarding this privacy statement, including the collection of personal information, can be directed to a Senior Privacy Advisor at the Privacy, Compliance and Training Branch in the Ministry of Finance, PO Box 9493 Stn Prov Govt, Victoria, BC., V8W 9N7, telephone (250) 356-1851. Privacy.Helpline@gov.bc.ca.
Permanent link to page:
Copy
Cancel
Hello, I am your COVID-19 digital assistant. Click or tap to ask a general question about COVID-19. Please don’t enter any personal information.
Connect With Us
BC Gov News
Facebook
Twitter
Photos
Videos
Newsletters
RSS feeds
Government A-Z
Services A-Z
Organizations A-Z
Forms A-Z
Services and Information Topics
Employment, business and economic development
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
British Columbians and our governments
Data
Education and training
Driving and transportation
Farming, natural resources and industry
Health
Family and social supports
Environmental protection and sustainability
Housing and tenancy
Law, crime and justice
Public safety and emergency services
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Taxes and tax credits
Tourism and immigration
Home
About gov.bc.ca
Disclaimer
Privacy
Accessibility
Copyright
Contact us
Desktop View