https://yorkvilleanimalhospital.ca/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
Contact
Forms
Login
Register
Forgot Password
Existing Client Log In:
Email:
Password:
Yorkville Animal Hospital | Your local veterinarian in Toronto, Ontario
About Us
Location and Hours
Our Team
Make an Appointment
Register With Our Website
FAQs
Wellness
Puppy Preventive Health
Canine Preventive Health
Senior Canine Preventive Health
Kitten Preventive Health
Feline Preventive Health
Senior Feline Preventive Health
Wellness Plans
Medicine
Medical Assessment and Examination
Cardiology (Heart)
Dermatology (Skin)
Endocrinology (Hormones)
Neurology (Brain, Spinal Cord and Nerves)
Ophthalmology (Eyes)
Radiology (Xrays)
Ultrasonography (Ultrasound)
Endoscopy (Scoping)
Oncology (Cancer)
Humane Euthanasia
Surgery
Spaying
Neutering
Soft Tissue Surgery
Orthopedic Surgery
Dentistry
Dental Examination
Dental Radiography (Xrays)
Professional Dental Cleaning and Treatment
Periodontal Treatment
Extractions
Pediatric Dentistry (Puppies and Kittens)
Homecare and Prevention
Boarding
Pet Supplies
Blog
Search Lifelearn:
Search Site:
Privacy
Home » Privacy
Privacy Policy for Yorkville Animal Hospital
Privacy of personal information is an important principle to Yorkville Animal Hospital. We are committed to collecting, using and disclosing personal information responsibly and only to the extent necessary for the services we provide. We also try to be open and transparent as to how we handle information. This document describes our privacy policies.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes information that relates to the person’s characteristics (e.g., gender, age, income, home address or phone number, ethnic background, family status), health (e.g., health history, health conditions, health services received by them) or their activities and views (e.g., religion, politics, opinions expressed by an individual, an opinion or evaluation of an individual). Personal information is to be contrasted with business information (e.g., an individual’s business address and telephone number), which is not protected by privacy legislation.
What Information is Protected?
Yorkville Animal Hospital is responsible for protecting any of your personal information that it has in its possession. This includes all personal information collected for or submitted to a third party to which you have consented (example – laboratory samples).
Collecting and Using Your Personal Information:
We collect and use your personal information to:
Verify your identity
Comply with federal, provincial, local law and by-law requirements
Bill goods and services
Collect unpaid accounts
Send out health care reminders
Make referrals to veterinary specialists and/or laboratories
Verify information with grooming or boarding facilities
Your personal information may be collected, used or disclosed for any of the purposes identified above. If your personal information is not required for one of these purposes, we will not use or disclose it without your prior consent.
How Do We Gather Your Personal Information?
From you when you become a client at our clinic
From reporting agencies (i.e. local humane societies, public health authorities)
Your Consent
We require your consent before we may collect, use or disclose any of your personal information, except under special circumstances, including police and/or cruelty investigations or other situations permitted by law.
How Do You Provide Us with Your Consent?
Your written, verbal, or implied consent obtained during an appointment and during new client registration
Your consent as provided by persons authorized by you to make decisions on your behalf
Accuracy
Yorkville Animal Hospital will make every reasonable effort to ensure that the personal information collected will be as accurate, complete and as up-to-date as possible for the purposes for which the information is to be used.
Safeguards
Yorkville Animal Hospital shall safeguard and protect all personal information under its control by implementing appropriate security measures based on the sensitivity of information.
Yorkville Animal Hospital shall ensure that its employees keep all personal information confidential and comply with the security standards established by this veterinary facility.
Yorkville Animal Hospital shall require that third parties to whom personal information is disclosed have committed to an appropriate level of security (which may include execution of a confidentiality covenant) in protection of such information.
On the disposal or destruction of personal information, Yorkville Animal Hospital shall take the necessary precautions to prevent third parties from accessing such information and to maintain the confidentiality of this personal information.
Transparency
Yorkville Animal Hospital will make specific information about our privacy policies and procedures available to any interested individual. Yorkville Animal Hospital will facilitate access to its personal information policies and procedures, including the identity of our Privacy Officer. Yorkville Animal Hospital will also ensure that individuals are able to gain access to their own personal information.
Individual Access to Personal Information
An individual providing personal information to Yorkville Animal Hospital will be informed of our personal information policy. This individual can access the information in order to ensure its accuracy and completeness, and shall be permitted to have it amended if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Yorkville Animal Hospital will respond promptly to any request made by an individual to access his or her personal information.
Yorkville Animal Hospital will maintain a full record of all third parties to whom personal information has been disclosed, and will make this record available to an individual whose personal information has been so disclosed.
Questions and Concerns Regarding Compliance with this Policy
An individual providing personal information to Yorkville Animal Hospital may address any questions, concerns or complaints to the Privacy Officer. Yorkville Animal Hospital will establish a procedure for processing any complaint about this personal information policy to ensure that all complaints are dealt with in an objective, fair and effective manner.
Privacy Officer Contact Information:
Yorkville Animal Hospital
135 Avenue Road
Toronto, Ontario
M5R 2H7
Attn: Privacy Officer
Telephone # (416) 923-8896
FAX # (416) 923-5620
Email Address: info@yorkvilleanimalhospital.ca
Share
Print this page
Email this page to a friend
Share this page on Facebook
Share this page on Twitter
Share this page on Google Plus
New client registrationMake an appointmentBoarding formFollow us on FacebookOrder food and prescription refills
Facebook Updates
Photo GalleriesDoggy Room
Kitty Room
Pet Memorial Gallery
Additional InformationFollow us on Facebook
FAQs
Pet Health Links
Veterinary Emergency Clinic
ResourcesHow-To Videos
Educational Articles
Contact
Site Map
Privacy
© Copyright 2020 Yorkville Animal Hospital | Your local veterinarian in Toronto, Ontario | Powered by Lifelearn WebDVM®4 Veterinary Websites