https://yourhealinginsights.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Health is a natural human potential.
Join our email newsletter list. You'll get periodic emails with healthful insights!Sign Up   View Cart
Home
About
Nutrition
Nutrition Services
Nutritional Supplements
Medical Intuition
Energy Healing
Blog
Contact
Your Healing Insights operates the https://yourhealinginsights.com website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Your Healing Insights website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and email address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
You can learn how to manage cookies on your web browser by following the Browser Cookies Guide.
Social Sharing
We embed a Facebook widget to allow you to “like/share/recommend” our webpages. This widget may collect your IP address, your web browser User Agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional tracking, and monitor your interaction with the widget, including correlating your Facebook account with whatever action you take within the widget (such as “liking/sharing/recommending” our webpage), if you are logged in to Facebook. For more information about how this data may be used, please see Facebook’s data privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
We use a Twitter Tweet widget at our website. As a result, our website makes requests to Twitter’s servers for you to be able to tweet our webpages using your Twitter account. These requests make your IP address visible to Twitter, who may use it in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://twitter.com/en/privacy#update
We use Pinterest Save widget at our website to allow you to pin images to Pinterest from our webpages. These requests may track your IP address in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Recent Posts
Mini Body Scan Case Study
August 7, 2020
Here Comes the Sun
April 27, 2020
The Body, Mind and Spirit Garden
April 7, 2020
New FDA Labeling
February 25, 2020
You Jumped, Now Dust Yourself Off and Get Back Up
January 30, 2020
Categories
Advocacy (10)
Allergies (14)
Anxiety (16)
Body Scan (5)
Brain Health (21)
Breast Health (3)
Children (10)
Clinical (3)
Daily Living (77)
Depression (25)
Detoxification (20)
Digestive Health (32)
Energy Field (17)
Environmental Toxins (34)
Exercise (22)
Forgiveness (13)
Gluten Intolerance (6)
Gratitude (6)
Grief (6)
Heart Health (24)
Holistic Medicine (82)
Immune System (17)
Intuition (24)
Joint Health (20)
Medical Intuition (14)
Nursing (8)
Nutrition (101)
Nutritional Supplements (52)
Recipes (19)
Recommended Reading (9)
Reiki (23)
Sleep (18)
Spirituality (9)
Stress (64)
terriwiebold
We voted! In person drive thru voting. It took 20
Is there a risk you have been waiting to take? Unt
Today is the equinox and the start of the Libra se
Load More...
Follow on Instagram
Contact Terri TodayTerri WieboldYour Healing Insights319-631-0824terri@yourhealinginsights.comPrivacy Policy
© 2020 Your Healing Insights
Website design and hosting by ratherthanrunning
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn