http://yourlovingchoices.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Welcome to YOUR CHOICES’s website! The following information is provided to inform you that we respect your privacy while interacting with this website. YOUR CHOICES will never rent, sell, or lease your confidential information. However, legal reasons could necessitate the sharing of such information. We will strive to ensure the security of any information you provide. YOUR CHOICES wants your experience to be safe and enjoyable. Please also take a moment to review our Terms of Use.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
YOUR CHOICES collects certain information from our website users. YOUR CHOICES is the sole owner of any and all information collected on www.yourlovingchoices.org. YOUR CHOICES will never rent, sell, or lease your confidential information. However, legal reasons could necessitate the sharing of such information. YOUR CHOICES may share such information with YOUR CHOICES affiliates, partners, or contract organizations, or as legally necessary. We will strive to ensure the security of any information you provide. YOUR CHOICES will never collect personal information without your knowledge during your visit to our website. Any information that is requested will typically be in direct correlation to the services you are requesting. From time to time, YOUR CHOICES may ask for your personal input and suggestions related to your online experience. This information will remain confidential and will allow us to improve and enhance your online user experience. By providing such information, you consent to YOUR CHOICES’s use of such information to better serve you and others coming to our website.
USER REGISTRATION FOR ONLINE DONATIONS, PURCHASES, AND PUBLICATIONS
To use certain portions of this website, you will be asked to complete a profile information form and provide contact information (such as name, address and email address) and/or financial information (such as credit card information and expiration date). We use this information to provide certain website services, including the facilitation of online donations and resource purchase orders, keeping supporter and donor lists, maintaining statistics, providing you with YOUR CHOICES publications, and providing you with other information, education, and services. Financial information will be used solely to process donations and purchases.
COOKIES
A “cookie” is a small piece of data that can be stored by a website onto your computer. YOUR CHOICES uses cookies in order to enhance your online user experience, facilitate donations, and facilitate online purchases. YOUR CHOICES uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie is stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following Internet browser help file directions. Your browser may recognize when a cookie has been sent to your system and will give you an opportunity to allow or refuse it. YOUR CHOICES’s website uses cookies for interaction with our online bookstore and the creation and use of personal website accounts. These cookies are used to identify you as a registered user and to allow you to access your site information, subscribe to publications, and submit donations, purchases, and other such transactions. We do not use cookies to track your activities on our website.
LOG FILES
YOUR CHOICES uses log files. Log files are commonly used by most standard websites. Our log files are used to enhance your website experience, administer the website, and maintain statistics on website use.
COMMUNICATION FROM US
If you submit a user registration, YOUR CHOICES may occasionally send you information on resources, services, news, and other issues. If you register to receive a YOUR CHOICES publication, we will ask for your contact information to send you that publication. We respect your privacy and you may request for any such communication to be discontinued by deactivating your personal information. Please see the “correcting, deleting and deactivating personal information” section.
THIRD PARTIES ASSISTANCE FOR USER PURCHASES AND DONATIONS
YOUR CHOICES may, at its discretion, use third parties, including credit card processing companies and other businesses, to assist in processing and shipping resource orders and in facilitating online donations. YOUR CHOICES may also use third parties to assist in providing website services. Any third party used in this manner does not have the authority to share, sell, rent, lease or use your personal information for any secondary purposes.
LINKS
From time to time, YOUR CHOICES may provide links to other websites maintained by individuals or organizations outside of YOUR CHOICES. YOUR CHOICES is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. You are encouraged to read the privacy policy of such websites prior to providing personal information. These links are not an endorsement of these external websites or the values or opinions expressed therein. Should you visit these external websites, you will then be under the terms of service and privacy policy maintained by the sites/owners.
POSTINGS AND PUBLIC FORUMS
YOUR CHOICES maintains the right to monitor and censor the content of postings within our online affiliate forum and any other forum. YOUR CHOICES cannot, however, ensure privacy for any personal information that is disclosed online in such a forum. Any information you provide in such a forum will be publicly accessible and could be collected and used by others. YOUR CHOICES strictly prohibits and is not liable for breaches of confidentiality that make take place within its forums. YOUR CHOICES will fully accommodate requests from authorities related to the content of illegal postings.
SECURITY
All transactions accomplished through this website are secured using a SSL encryption to protect sensitive data transmissions from your computer to our website. YOUR CHOICES also uses password protection to secure personal information. YOUR CHOICES may use software to verify your address to avoid session hijacking hacking attempts or other attacks.
CORRECTING, DELETING, AND DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may access, adjust, remove your personal information, or deactivate your user registration or account by contacting YOUR CHOICES at (570) 784-3143.
CHANGES
YOUR CHOICES maintains the right to adjust or change these Terms and Conditions at any time and asks that you check this policy for updates.
Our organization does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity in hiring/employment practices.
Our organization does not unlawfully discriminate against any person or group of people in either hiring/employment practices or in the administration of programs and services, including on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Schedule An Appointment
If you think you could be pregnant, please come in for a pregnancy test and to receive information about your options. All of our services are free and confidential.
Schedule Appointment
2017- 2020 Your Loving Choices
References | Terms of use | Privacy Policy