https://yourwholenutrition.com/return-policy/
Return PolicyProduct PurchasesHolistic Nutrition for the Whole You is not responsible for the refund on nutritional or other product sales through affiliates or virtual dispensary links on this website. Product vendors must be contacted directly. All sales of electronic downloadable information (books, eBooks) is final – no refunds will be granted.Services Refund PolicyThank You for utilizing our nutrition consultation services at YourWholeNutrition.com If you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, we’re here to help.All sales are final once services have been provided. No partial refunds for services will be granted.You have 72 hours from time of purchase to cancel services and request a refund of fees, cancelation/refund fees will be assessed based on the consultation package amount. To be eligible for a refund you must contact the provider of the consultation services by email 72 hours prior to your scheduled appointment.
Refunds will not be granted to customers who fail to follow through with appointment scheduling or utilization of full services offered.
A receipt or proof of purchase and payment method is required to process all refunds. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.