https://zafu.net/policies-2
Policies - Carolina Morning Designs™
888-267-5366
metta@zafu.net
Facebook
RSS
Facebook
RSS
Eco Friendly Furniture
About
Materials
Fabric Colors
Contact
Meditation Blog
Movement Therapy Blog
Sleep Therapy Blog
Small Space Living Blog
0 Items
Meditation Cushions and Benches
Zafu Meditation Cushion
Removable Zafu Cover
Crescent Zafu
Removable Smile Cushion™ Cover
Zabuton
Removable Zabuton Cover
Peace Bench™
Peace Bench™ Cushion
Drawstring Bag for Peace Bench™
Sky Bench™
Tilt Seat™ /Sky Bench™ Cushion
Tilt Seat™
Tilt Seat™ /Sky Bench™ Cushion
Inflatable Zafu
Replacement Ball
Support Cushion
Buckwheat Hulls
Kapok
Eco Yoga Props
Yoga Block Buckwheat
Yoga Straps
Manduka” eKO Lite Yoga Mat
Yoga Bolster
Restorative Yoga Mat
Removable Cover for Restorative Yoga Mat
Yoga Lounge™
Organic Cotton Blankets
Eye Pillow
Organic Bedding
Organic Wool/Kapok Futon
Removable Cover for Futon or Paleo Pad™
Eco Square Cushion
Eco-Friendly Modular Platform Bedframe
Back/Side Rails for Eco Square™
Organic Kapok Sleeping Pillow
Organic Pillow Protectors
Buckwheat Pillows
Organic Pillow Case
Kapok Body Pillow
Organic Pillow Case
Organic Cotton Blankets
Paleo Pad™
Removable Cover for Futon or Paleo Pad™
Body Friendly Furniture
Floor Desk (Zen Office™)
Laptop Clip Straps
Laptop Sticky Pad
Peace Bench™ Cushion
Tilt Seat™ /Sky Bench™ Cushion
Floor Lounge Chair
Eco Backrest™ Removable Cover
Eco Backrest™ Armrests (set of 2)
Tilt Seat™
Laptop Clip Straps
Laptop Sticky Pad
Organic Platform Couch
Back/Side Rails for Eco Square™
Eco Square Cushion
Couch Wrap Around Unit
Coffee Table (Eco Square™)
Eco Loveseat
Floor Couch
Japanese Living Room Suite
Tilt Seat™
Tilt Seat™ /Sky Bench™ Cushion
Eco Cube
Select Page
Carolina Morning Policies
Shipping Carriers
We ship primarily by UPS. Some small packages are shipped by the US Postal Service. If you would like your package shipped through the US Postal Service please let us know. There may be an extra shipping charge due to rate differences.
Transit Time
We ship most orders within 2-3 business days, with the exception of futons which may take 4-5 business days. Couches and couch packages may take up to 14 business days in house processing, as these are made to order. Regular UPS ground shipping to California takes five business days in transit. The closer you live to North Carolina, the sooner your package will arrive. Please let us know if you need it sooner than that. Expedited delivery, such as Overnight, 2 day, or 3 day delivery, is possible for an extra fee.
Shipping Rates
Shipping prices for most locations in the continental U.S. are calculated with the following formula: $6.00 base fee plus 12% of the total price of the merchandise. For example, for an order of $100 it would figure as follows: $100 x .12 = $12.00 + $6.00 base = $18.00 total shipping and handling charges. Shipping prices for West Coast states (California, Oregon and Washington) are calculated with the following formula: $8.00 base fee plus 13% of the total price of the merchandise. This formula is automatically added to your order as you are checking out, so you can see the final total.
FOR SHIPPING OUTSIDE THE LOWER 48 UNITED STATES:
Shipping prices to foreign countries, Alaska and Hawaii are not reflected on our shopping cart. Although the standard shipping formula will show up, just ignore it. You will receive an email with the actual shipping charges, which you will have to approve before we ship your order.
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and do not sell or trade your information. We also do not send you annoying offers to buy this or that. We have earned the trust of thousands of satisfied customers over our thirty year history. We do send you an information based e-newsletter that is easy to unsubscribe from. If you wish to not receive that, simply tell us on the comment section of the checkout form. Our shopping cart is secure and meets strict e-commerce standards. You can verify this when the “http://” changes to “https://” when you start the checkout process.
Returns Policy
We strive to deliver products that are functional, aesthetically pleasing, and durable. We offer a full guarantee on our products. If for any reason you are not satisfied, simply return your items for refund or exchange within 21 days of your receipt of the products.
However, due to safety and Federal Regulations, bedding products are NOT returnable. This includes FUTONS and PILLOWS.
On products which are returnable–we will refund the price of the merchandise, or apply it to another order. But please call us first so we can help you decide what your best options are. We offer this service with no processing fee. Unfortunately, we cannot refund the freight charges except in the case of defective products, and you will need to pay for shipping of any products back to us.
If you wish to replace the returned product with something else, you will also need to pay the shipping costs for that.
Item(s) must be returned in new condition.
Item(s) must be returned within 21 days of receipt.
Directions for Returns
Secure product in a box and include a copy of your invoice and the reason for the return. State whether you would like an exchange or refund. Be sure to include a credit card number, if needed.
Address box to Carolina Morning, Returns Dept., 8110 Highway 80 South, Burnsville, NC 28714.
We will promptly either send a check or refund you credit card, depending on what you would like.
AboutAbout
Who We Are
Sustainability
Visit Showroom
Contact
PoliciesPolicies
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy
BlogMeditation
Sleep
Movement
Small Space Living
ResellersRetail Outlets
Wholesale Inquiries
Drop Ship Inquiries
Affiliate Signup
Affiliate Login
Sign up for our newsletter! Get fun tips and information about meditation, yoga, sleeping and minimalist lifestyle.
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
4188 State HWY 80 South
Burnsville, NC 28714
Toll Free: 1-888-267-5366
Local: 828-675-0490
Facebook
RSS
© 2020 Carolina Morning Designs™
Powered byWordPress Security