https://zafu.net/privacy-policy
888-267-5366
metta@zafu.net
Facebook
Instagram
Facebook
Instagram
Home
Materials
Fabric Colors
About
Blog
Contact
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect when you use www.zafu.net and any other websites, mobile applications (“app(s)”), or services that post a link to this Privacy Notice (collectively, the “Service”). This Privacy Notice describes how Carolina Morning (“Carolina Morning,” “Company,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares Service-related information about you.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect contact information to be able to communicate with you. For example, if you sign up for a mailing list, create an account, apply for a job, or enter a promotion, you may be asked to provide your name, address, email, cell phone number, and/or date of birth. We retain this information for [X amount of time] and do not use this information for any marketing purposes.
We collect basic visitor information through Google Analytics cookies (search queries, device type, geolocation, return visits, etc.) but you can opt out of cookies at any time via your browser settings. To learn how Google uses your information see Google’s privacy policy. We retain this information for 30 days and use this information for our internal marketing purposes only.
We collect credit card information when you make a purchase on our website. In such event, it is our policy to redirect you to a payment processing portal hosted by a third party payment processor. Please read the privacy policy on our payment processor’s website regarding the use, storage and protection of your credit card information before submitting any credit card information.
We collect personal data to process and ship your orders, inform you about the status of your orders, correct addresses and conduct identity verification and other fraud detection activities. This involves the use of certain Personal Data and payment information.
Who we share your data with
We respect your privacy and do not sell or trade your information. We also do not send you annoying offers to buy this or that. We have earned the trust of thousands of satisfied customers over out 29 year history.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website as an affiliate or as a customer, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. If you would like us to delete your information, just contact us.
Site Security
Our shopping cart is secure with an SSL Certificate that secures all communications between website and us.
Product categoriesBody Friendly Furniture
Eco Yoga Props
Meditation Cushions
Organic Bedding
Uncategorized
AboutAbout
Who We Are
Sustainability
Visit Showroom
Contact
PoliciesShipping
Returns
Privacy Policy
BlogMeditation
Sleep
Movement
Small Space Living
ResellersRetail Outlets
Wholesale Inquiries
Drop Ship Inquiries
Affiliate Signup
Affiliate Login