https://zhealthpublishing.com/privacy-policies/
Please Note: Our website will be offline for maintenance on Sunday, December 13th from 8-11pm CST.
During this maintenance period access to products, testing and CEU's will not be available.
Are you a Member? Login to My ZHealth Center
| My Cart (0)
Zhealth Publishing
Search
ProductsBooks & eBooksAnatomy ChartsCharge SheetseLearning CoursesSpecialtiesInterventional Radiology CodingInterventional Cardiology CodingVascular & Endovascular Surgery CodingDiagnostic Radiology CodingICD-10Cardiothoracic Surgery CodingSeminars & WebinarsLive SeminarsVideo SeminarsWebinars
Consulting
Consulting Website
Testimonials
Book an Expert
Memberships
About
Us
Our Team
Industry Partners & Resources
FAQ
Testimonials
News
Payment Information
Shipping Policies
Home
>
Your Privacy Rights
ZHealth Publishing LLC Privacy Policies
Introduction
ZHealth Publishing LLC (ZHealth) is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us (the phrase "personal information" means any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of these privacy policies is to inform you what personal information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct the information. These policies apply only to customers in the United States.
Secure Communications and Best Practices
ZHealth Publishing uses SSL encryption to encrypt the information that you send to us when you purchase ZHealth products. This means that credit card information, billing information, and everything else associated with an order from us is encrypted. Without SSL encryption, packets of information travel through the Internet in full view of anyone who has the motives and technical ability to look for them. Our use of SSL encryption helps to protect the privacy of your sensitive information. We also hide your credit card number on all site pages and e-mails. Our focus on applying best practices with respect to information security helps ensure that it continues to be safe doing business online with ZHealth.
Collecting Information About You
There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register, or to participate in contests or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our website. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc.
In general, you can visit many of our www.zhealthpublishing.com web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using Information About You
We use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about ZHealth Publishing.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing injury to you, to ZHealth Publishing or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it.
Editing, Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from ZHealth, please let us know by contacting us by email or phone. You can also easily opt out of emails communications from ZHealth Publishing by pressing the "Opt Out" link on any distribution email from us.
Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.
Note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your request.
Protecting Children
ZHealth takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our websites are general audience sites. We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 without their parent's consent.
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the web.
Security
We take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policies in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted in November 2009.
Your Feedback
To help us improve our privacy policies and practice, please give us your feedback, please contact us.
Last Updated: November 2009
Also, please see ZHealth Publishing's:
Terms & Conditions Legal Disclaimer
Contact us
If you have questions, or want to find out more about what we can do for you please feel free to get in touch with us.
1-877-873-9893
Send us an email
Book an Expert
Dr. Z will go on-site to educate and train your coders and physicians. Improve your coding and reimbursement.
Contact us to book an expert today
Coding Products
Books/eBooks
eLearning Courses
Anatomy Charts
Charge Sheets
Errata
Coding Specialties
Interventional Radiology Coding
Interventional Cardiology Coding
Vascular/Endovascular Coding
Diagnostic Radiology Coding
Seminars/Webinars
Live Seminars
Webinars
Video Seminars
About Us
Our Team
Company News
Industry Partners
Testimonials
FAQs
Contact ZHealth
ZHealth Publishing, LLC
330 Franklin Road, Suite 135A, #232
Brentwood,
TN
37027
Phone: 877-873-9893
Fax: 615-523-1686
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
Publishing
Consulting
Documentation