https://zonya.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy StatementZonya Health2019-02-28T09:34:18-05:00
PRIVACY STATEMENT
We are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Statement applies to the Zonya Health International Website (Website) and governs data collection and usage. By using this Website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This Website collects personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address and telephone number.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by this Website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of this Website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the Website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on any other websites.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This Website collects and uses your personal information to operate the Website and deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products, promotions, or services available from this Website and its affiliates. We may also contact you via email or via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
We do not sell, rent or lease customer lists to third parties. We may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law.
USE OF COOKIES
This Website may use “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This Website secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. This Website secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Please contact us by email at contact@zonya.com or call (517) 467-6995.
Go to Top