https://18doors.org/terms-of-use/
Couples and Weddings
Families
Clergy
Jewish Organizations
18Doors Local
Explore
Impact
Find a Rabbi
About 18Doors
Donate
ExploreImpactFind a RabbiAbout 18Doors
Couples & Weddings
Couples
Weddings
Parents & Families
Parents
Families
Clergy
Jewish Organizations
18Doors Local
Donate
Terms of Use
18Doors (the “Site”), is owned and operated by InterfaithFamily.com, Inc (InterfaithFamily). You do not need to be a registered user to search or view events and content (as defined below) on 18Doors.org; however, you must provide an email address to access some of our premium content.
By accessing or using the pages within the Site, you agree to the Terms of Use presented here. If you do not agree, you should not use the Site. These Terms of Use may be changed or updated from time to time, so check back regularly. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. When you use 18Doors.org you are also subject to our Privacy Policy.
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You agree not to take any action that might compromise the security of the Site, to render the Site inaccessible to others, or to otherwise cause damage to or interfere with others’ use of the Site or their content. You agree not to use the Site in any manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties. You will not bully, intimidate or harass any user. You will not post content that is hateful, threatening, pornographic or that contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence. You will not use the Site to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious or discriminatory. You will not use the Site to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. Prior written consent must be obtained to make commercial offers of any kind, whether by advertising, solicitations, links or any other method of communication. Without limiting any former restrictions, you may not link to other websites for the purpose of selling merchandise or services of any kind.
The Site may contain advertisements, offers or other links to other websites and resources of third parties that we do not control. That information, as well as advertisements, may or may not be or remain wholly accurate. You acknowledge and agree that 18Doors is not responsible or liable for (i) the availability or accuracy of such Site or resources; or (ii) the content, advertising or products or services on or available from such Site or resources. The inclusion of any link on the Site does not imply that we endorse the linked website. You use the links at your own risk. Our Privacy Policy is applicable only when you are on the Site.
Any violators of these Terms of Use will be investigated and pursued through legal action, which includes removing the offending user content from the Site and excluding such offending user from use of the Site. If you believe you have been wrongly accused of such a violation, you should contact 18Doors.  18Doors may remove any content that you upload or post at the Site or disable your access to the Site at any time, for any or no reason, and without notice to you.
Proprietary Rights in Site
The content in the Site is the property of 18Doors © 2019 InterfaithFamily.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Unless otherwise stated, 18Doors and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the Site and material on the Site. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
Subject to these Terms of Use and your continued compliance therewith, you are hereby granted a personal, revocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use the Site and the text, graphics, data, information and other content made available through the Site (collectively, “content”). No content at the Site may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without 18Doors’ prior written permission, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own content that you legally post on the Site. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights. The content may be accessed, printed, displayed, downloaded and distributed for personal, educational or news reporting purposes, provided that all copies display all copyright and other applicable notices to the extent and in the form such notices are displayed in connection with such content and provided further that you do not use the content in any manner that implies, suggests or could otherwise be perceived as attributing a particular policy, opinion or objective to 18Doors. You must also provide proper attribution in connection with your use of any content. Proper attribution shall at a minimum state that the content is “used with the permission of 18Doors.” Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
You must not:
sell, rent or sub-license material from the Site;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on the Site for a commercial purpose; or
edit or otherwise modify any material on the Site.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall 18Doors, its partners, contributors, agents, employees, directors or affiliates be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages (even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages), including but not limited to such damages for lost data, due to your use of this Site or due to your reliance on any of the content contained or the services provided on or through the Site.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless 18Doors, its officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and other partners, from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from your use of the Site or your violation of these Terms of Use.
Stay in the know.
Sign up for the 18Doors newsletter
190 North Main StreetSuite 203Natick, MA 01760(617) 581-6860 support@18doors.org
AboutContactCareersFind a RabbiDonate
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2020 18Doors.orgEIN 043-577816
Change Location
To find awesome listings near you!