https://18doors.org/privacy-policy
Couples and Weddings
Families
Clergy
Jewish Organizations
18Doors Local
Explore
Impact
Find a Rabbi
About 18Doors
Donate
ExploreImpactFind a RabbiAbout 18Doors
Couples & Weddings
Couples
Weddings
Parents & Families
Parents
Families
Clergy
Jewish Organizations
18Doors Local
Donate
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 16, 2019
18Doors.org, Inc. (“18Doors”) recognizes that personal privacy is very important. We have adopted the following Privacy Policy to ensure our commitment to your privacy and to prevent the misuse of personal information we obtain through our website.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully, because by visiting or using this website you agree to the conditions contained in it.
18Doors reserves the right to modify or amend this Internet Privacy Policy and our practices of website information collection at any time, and for any reason. This Internet Privacy Policy applies only to those of 18Doors’s data collection practices that are undertaken via our website. No representation in the Internet Privacy Policy may be construed, understood, or implied to form any agreement, contract, or contractual obligation with any user who visits, downloads, reads, or interacts with the website, or who sends an email or other personally identifying information to 18Doors through its website or through any other medium.
Collection of Your Personal Information.
In general, when you visit our website and access information you remain anonymous. Some of the information we collect about you is used by us to deliver 18Doors-originated email and electronic bulletins/newsletters prepared by our staff and distributed through Constant Contact. Personal information that has been volunteered to us may also be combined with data from third parties, to improve our services to members. No such combining will be done for marketing purposes. We currently use Google Analytics to monitor site usage and NeonCRM for processing donations.
Our website may require registration to access certain technical services or features or offer personalized services that require specific information, such as your real name and a valid email address to enable you to more effectively utilize the services or features available on the website. Contact information from order forms and membership forms is used to send orders and information about our organization to our customers or to bill for products and services. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
We will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your permission but in limited circumstances, we may share information, including contact information, with our partners or funders. These circumstances may include allowing them the ability to conduct needs assessments and community research.
We give you the opportunity to elect not to receive materials from us. If you sign up for 18Doors’s electronic newsletter or e-mail list or receive electronic communications from us using these vehicles, each message will include instructions on how to “unsubscribe” (or Opt Out) from the list.
USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
18Doors website pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons –also called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count users who have visit our web pages and to deliver relevant services. 18Doors may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. Company prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
Use of Cookies.
Our website may use cookies which is an application that allows a site to be customized to the preferences of the user by placing a small file on the hard drive of your computer, tracking the user’s navigation, and storing information about it. If you would rather not let us personalize your experience by using cookies, most web browsers have features that can inform you when a cookie is being sent and can allow users to opt-out of receiving cookies. If you are unsure of whether your program has this capability, you should contact the software manufacturer or your Internet service provider.
What statistical information do we collect?
We collect aggregate information site-wide, including anonymous site stats. 18Doors’s website also logs IP addresses for systems administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives 18Doors an understanding of which parts of our site users are visiting, and helps us focus our editorial efforts on those areas, which are of greatest interest to our audiences. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session may be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. Information regarding visitors to our website is or may be aggregated for the purposes of reporting to advertisers and our non-profit organizations’ sponsors. Information about specific visitors is not made available to any of these organizations or individuals.
Examples of information that is never collected or processed by 18Doors:
Race or ethnic origin
Political opinions
Philosophical beliefs
Trade union memberships
Genetic or biometric data
Health or mortality
Sex life
Protecting your privacy.
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. If you voluntarily provide personal information, this information will be accessible by authorized employees of InterfaithFamily and used for evaluating your needs and for our own marketing and/or research and product/service development purposes. We will not sell, lend, or disclose in any way personally identifiable information to organizations not affiliated with 18Doors unless we have notified you in advance and you have not objected, you have authorized us to do so, or we are required to do so by law. We will endeavor to maintain this information in accordance with our internal policies governing use and disclosure of confidential information. If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personally identifiable information we store about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact us at support@18Doors.com.
As a rule, we will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals outside of 18Doors without your permission.
In the limited circumstances under which we would provide personally identifiable client information to a third party for the purposes of delivering specific services to you (e.g. customer support, mailing web maintenance), we expect that the third party will adhere to similar privacy policies that provide for keeping such information confidential. We also provide many links to third party websites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the Privacy Policies posted on these third-party sites.
Children’s privacy.
If 18Doors collects personally identifying data from minors, we use it for internal purposes only, we will not post it, publish it or provide it to any third parties. We will not sell, rent, or distribute any of the registration information that has been provided to us, without your explicit permission.
The website covered by this policy does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with any personally identifiable information, we will delete that information from our systems.
18Doors encourages parents to go online with their children. Parents should understand the sites their children are visiting and which sites, or types of sites, are inappropriate. There are many parental control tools available, such as browsers and filtering software that prevent children from accessing inappropriate sites. Children should never give out personal information on the Internet, such as name, address, phone number, or name of school, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Please, always look for a privacy policy on a website and find out how information collected from children is treated! Parents should teach their children to look for sites that display a privacy policy.
How can you update personal information you have provided us?
You can help 18Doors to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information. Contact the appropriate staff person by following the instructions included with our electronic communications (email, etc) or contact us at support@18Doors.com.
Choice/Opt Out of receiving further materials from 18Doors.com.
You can elect to stop receiving email and other electronic communications from 18Doors by following the Opt Out instructions included with these communications. Alternatively, you can send email to us at support@18Doors.com. Please identify the specific type of communications you wish to no longer receive from 18Doors, and we will take immediate action to remove your personal information from our database.
How to unsubscribe from email newsletters.
If at any time you wish to stop receiving emails from 18Doors you can unsubscribe as explained in the email.
Article or blog post comments.
Please keep in mind that information you post to any of our articles becomes public information.
Questions?
18Doors invites questions and comments about our Privacy Policy. As we add new technologies and features to our Web sites, we may update this Privacy Policy. All such revisions will be posted in this location for your review.
Contacting 18Doors’s Privacy Administrator.
You may send email to support@18Doors.com or send us your feedback via US mail to:Privacy Administrator18Doors.com, Inc.PO Box 428Newton Upper Falls, MA 02464(c) 18Doors.com, Inc. 2019
Stay in the know.
Sign up for the 18Doors newsletter
190 North Main StreetSuite 203Natick, MA 01760(617) 581-6860 support@18doors.org
AboutContactCareersFind a RabbiDonate
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2020 18Doors.orgEIN 043-577816
Change Location
To find awesome listings near you!