http://2havefun.com/privacy.shtml
HOME
Explore Site by State
2havefun Travel Club
Free Brochures
Contact Us
Advertise
Hotel-Motels * Book online Today!
Bed and Breakfast Inns
Maps
Whitewater Rafting
Clickbank Product Reviews
Recreation Activities
Farmers Markets
Food & Drink Recipes
Online Flea Market
Shirley's Emporium
Nascar - Race Tracks - Go Karts
Music & Night Life
Comedy
Antique Shops
Skiing Packages
Horse Back Riding
State Parks
Search 2havefun.com
2havefun Job Opportunity
Privacy Policy Updated 4/5/2009
Cookies
2havefun.com uses cookies to store session information so you will
not see the same advertisement repeatedly.
External Site Links 2havefun.com links to other websites on the internet. Content and Privacy Policies
are the responsibility of their respective owners.
Advertisers Most advertisements on 2havefun.com are provided by outside advertisement companies
and may contain cookies. These cookies are collected by their respective companies and are not
accessible to 2havefun.com.
Google
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to 2havefun.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
IP Addresses and Logging 2havefun.com server logs information about visitors, including IP addresses,
date/time visited, referring website, length of stay, etc. This information is used for site statistics only.
Customer Information & Credit Card Transactions Limited information is supplied to 2havefun.com in the event of a sale.
This includes your name, address, and website domain name. This information is not sold or
distributed to third parties. Credit card payments are processed through PayPal.com. This
information is collected solely to process the sale through PayPal.
All questions and concerns should be directed here.