https://adoptionchoicesofoklahoma.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Toll-free: 800-898-6028 |
OKC Local: 405-755-1999 |
Tulsa Local: 918-447-7777 |
Text: 405-310-8790 | Email Search for:
0 Items
About Us Privacy Policy
We collect no information about you, other than information automatically collected and stored (see below), when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us. Information Automatically Collected and Stored: When you browse through any web site, certain personal information about you can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit: the name of the domain you use to access the Internet, the date and time of your visit; the pages you visited; type of browser used; and the address of the web site you came from when you came to visit. We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.Your email address will be recorded in the event that you send us a message by email. Your email address will be temporarily stored and will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it. Your email address will not be added to any mailing lists.Personally Provided Information:You do not have to give us personal information to visit our web sites. If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message or form, we will only maintain the information as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. Communications which are considered official correspondence are maintained, as required by law, for historical purposes. These communications are archived on a monthly basis, but are also protected by the Privacy Act which restricts our use of them, yet permits certain disclosures.Web cookies are not used on this web site.We do not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors.As we move further into the electronic age, many entities exchange or submit information via email or through other online resources. While we always strive to keep our clients’ information confidential, we don’t always have control over what happens to that information before it reaches us or after it leaves us. You agree that you will hold the agency and its staff harmless from any problem that may develop.
Adoption Choices Of Oklahoma We are a licensed Oklahoma adoption agency that provides counseling and guidance to women experiencing an unintended pregnancy and connects expectant mothers choosing adoption with adoptive families for their children. We have helped hundreds of women in Oklahoma City, Tulsa, Lawton, and surrounding areas successfully plan their children's future.
Office Locations OKLAHOMA CITY
201 N. Broadway, Suite 107, Moore, OK 73160
405-794-7500 (Office) TULSA
36 E. Cameron St. Tulsa, OK 74103
918-982-6220 (Office)
Contact Us
800-898-6028 (Toll-Free)
405-310-8790 (Text)
Email Accessibility Accessibility Statement
501(C) (3), Not for Profit, Licensed Adoption Agency
Follow Us
AdoptChoicesOK
AdoptChoicesOK
AChoices
WE ARE OPERATING FULL SERVICE DURING THIS TIME AND WILL NOT BE SHUTTING DOWN OPERATIONS. PLEASE LET US KNOW HOW WE CAN HELP.
Pin It on Pinterest