https://atworkandbored.com/at_work_privacy.php
Sign up for AWAB
Log In!
AtWorkAndBored.com Privacy Policy
AtWorkAndBored.com is committed to protecting the privacy
of our viewers. The following Privacy Statement describes the policies
and procedures that we adhere to to assure this privacy. Please
email us at admin@atworkandbored.com if you have any questions or concerns with this policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We may collect two types of information.
Non-Personally Identifiable information is information that includes
such things as your browser type, IP address, refering domain name,
pages visited, the date and time of your visit and your operating
system. This information cannot be used to identify a particular
individual. We use this information to collect site statistics regarding
the number of visitors we receive, the time of day they visit, the
type of browser they use, etc. We do not give out any of this information
on a visit by visit basis. We may reveal the aggregate of this statistical
data to interested parties such as advertisers, web hosting sevices,
web rating services, etc.
Personally Identifiable information can include your name, your
email address, your phone number, etc. This information can be used
to identify a particular individual. The only personally identifiable
information that we collect is your email address for our newsletter.
You must "opt-in" to subscribe to the newsletter by filling
in your email address on the subscription form. You can "opt-out"
at any time by sending an email from the subscribing address to admin@atworkandbored.com with "unsubscribe" in the subject. We treat you email
address as confidential and do not provide your email address to
third parties.
We partner with Conversant to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. Conversant may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit https://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy
We partner with Google Adsense to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. Google Adsense may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit https://www.google.com/intl/en_US/policies/privacy/
COOKIES
AtWorkAndBored.com uses third party ad servers to display
the ads on the website. These servers may issue a "cookie"
which is a small file that resides on your computer in your web
browser's cookie file.The information generated by the cookie cannot
be used to identify you and is used for tracking advertising statistics
and ad effectiveness. You can prevent the use of cookies by setting
your web browser to not accept them and by deleting existing cookies
from your web browser's cookie file. However, disabling cookies
may affect your computers ability to receive content from websites
that use this technology.
LINKS
Advertisements and content appearing on theAtWorkAndBored.com website may contain links to other third party websites. When you
click on these links you are taken to a new website and any information
gathered at that site is beyond the control ofAtWorkAndBored.com.
Our Privacy Policy only covers information collected onAtWorkAndBored.com webpages. You should review the privacy policy of
any sites you visit from links to assure yourself that any information
collected at these sites is used in a manner consistent with your
desires.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We may on occasion make changes in this privacy policy without
prior notice. Any changes made will be posted in this policy statement
on this website so that you can continue to know what information
we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose
it. If we update the policy, we will not use information collected
under this current policy in any new way without providing you with
the opportunity to "opt-out" or otherwise prevent its
use.
Once again, if you have any questions or concerns regarding this
policy please email us at admin@atworkandbored.com
At Work and Bored.com™
is a presentation of
Aliso
Creek Productions
4106 W. Burbank Bl. * P.O. Box 10006
Burbank, CA 91510
© 2001-2015 Aliso Creek Productions
All Rights Reserved
visit us at www.alisocreek.net
privacy
policy
Bored Home |
Panic |
Jokes Inc |
Goof Off Games |
Soul-Scape |
Creek Cartoons |
Virtual Chef |
Privacy |
DMCA
© copyright 2000-2020 All Rights Reserved
Aliso Creek Productions LLC--Voice Over, Animation, Web Content Production, Radio and More!