http://backyardchickens.com/help/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy | BackYard Chickens - Learn How to Raise Chickens
Menu
Forums
New posts
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New media
New articles
New media comments
New article comments
New profile posts
Latest activity
New showcase items
New showcase comments
Articles
New articles
New comments
Series
Search articles
Reviews
New items
New comments
Latest reviews
Search showcase
Gallery
New media
New comments
Search media
Members
Current visitors
New profile posts
Search profile posts
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search engine:
Threadloom Search
XenForo Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Navigation
More options
Contact us
Close Menu
JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.
Help pages
Help
DMCA
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Medals
Help
Privacy policy
We are BackYard Chickens - Learn How to Raise Chickens ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”)
for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect
and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s
data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Disclosure
As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Help
Contact us
Terms and rules
Privacy Policy & Disclosure
Help
RSS
Home
FAQ's
Articles
About BYC | Sponsors
BYC Store
An Elite CafeMedia Lifestyle Publisher
BackYardHerds.com
SufficientSelf.com
TheEasyGarden.com
Top
Bottom