https://bbbprograms.org/programs/bbb-privacy-shield
Home
Programs
All Programs
BBB EU Privacy Shield - For Businesses
BBB EU Privacy ShieldFollowing the Privacy Shield Principles enables U.S. businesses to demonstrate compliance with data protection standards when processing the personal information of consumers from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland. BBB EU Privacy Shield is the chosen independent recourse mechanism of over 1,000 businesses that wish to bring accountability to their public commitments. The program provides trusted dispute resolution services and helps organizations of all sizes meet Privacy Shield compliance obligations.
For Businesses
For Consumers
Join Privacy Shield
Submit a Complaint
Program ImpactFor 20 years, under the Safe Harbor and Privacy Shield Frameworks, our non-profit program has delivered independent third-party dispute resolution services to U.S. businesses of all sizes. We also offer a package of compliance and administrative services.
Dispute Resolution
Conciliation and arbitration options offer flexibility and enhance customer service.
Monitoring & Reminders
Monitoring privacy notices and certifications with timely reminders to keep your team focused on privacy compliance.
Compliance Support
Hands-on assistance with developing Privacy Shield notices and navigating the self-certification process.
Resources & Guidance
Compliance tips and curated resources empower businesses to implement best practices.
Principles & Procedures
When a U.S. business joins Privacy Shield, it makes a public commitment that its processing of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data will meet the data protection standards embodied in the Privacy Shield Principles. A business that chooses BBB EU Privacy Shield
as its IRM agrees to follow our Procedure Rules when responding to privacy complaints, and to keep the same promise to the individuals who make use of our dispute resolution service.
Privacy Shield Principles
Read the Principles
Procedure Rules
Read the Rules
What Sets BBB EU Privacy Shield Apart?
Dispute Resolution
Our unique conciliation-first model delivers speedy and seamless dispute resolution services, following transparent procedures trusted by consumers and businesses alike. This meets the requirement for Privacy Shield businesses to select a recognized Independent Recourse Mechanism (IRM) to facilitate complaints brought by EU, UK, and Swiss individuals under Privacy Shield.
Learn more about our complaint handling process.
Compliance & Monitoring
As your IRM, BBB EU Privacy Shield provides hands-on compliance assistance during self-certification and annual re-certification. We help your business align its privacy notices with the substantive requirements of Privacy Shield and support your team in meeting ongoing administrative requirements, through included monitoring and timely reminders.
Learn more about our privacy policy guidance.
Service & Engagement
Through up-to-date guidance about the evolving data privacy landscape, BBB EU Privacy Shield enables its participants to focus on what matters. Our team also provides one-on-one support for participating businesses of all sizes. We are always at the ready to assist you, whether advising on best practices for consumer complaints or navigating a merger of two Privacy Shield certifications.
Learn more about our application process.
Joining BBB EU Privacy Shield
STEP 1: Confirm your organization is eligible for Privacy Shield STEP 2: Apply with BBB EU Privacy Shield STEP 3: Update draft privacy policy to include Privacy Shield disclosures  STEP 4: Submit all materials and wait for our approval STEP 5: Self-Certify with the U.S. Department of Commerce, International Trade Administration
How to Join
Get Started
News & Blog
Press Release
Dona Fraser Named Senior Vice President, Privacy Initiatives, BBB National Programs; Josh Harris Joins Her Team as Director, Global Privacy Initiatives
BBB National Programs, the independent non-profit organization that oversees more than a dozen industry self-regulation programs, today announced that Dona Fraser has been promoted to the newly created position of Senior Vice President, Privacy Initiatives. The announcement was made by Eric D....
Read more
Blog
Schrems II: What Do Privacy Shield Businesses Need to Know?
The July 16 decision from the CJEU, known as Schrems II, addressed two mechanisms for transferring EU individuals’ personal data outside the EU. As the situation continues to develop, and before making changes to their practices around international data transfers, businesses should pause to review their data flows, contracts, and substantive commitments, and their current chain of compliance and accountability for data received from the EU.
Read more
Blog
What the EDPB Says about Art. 49 Derogations for EU-U.S. Data Transfers
Following the Schrems II decision, all businesses that rely on EU-U.S. transfers of personal data are waiting on further guidance to determine how to meet new EU standards. One piece of this puzzle is the single transfer mechanism that has not been called into question at this time: derogations under Article 49 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Read more
Blog
Contact Tracing and Tech: An International Comparison
To confront coronavirus, governments across the globe have devised approaches for tracing its spread and quarantining individuals known to be carriers, also known as “contact tracing.” While almost all strategies rely on traditional means of contacting and recording the movements of infected individuals, many employ modern communications technologies: sensors, Bluetooth, GPS, thermal recognition, facial-recognition, and geofencing.
Read more
Resources & GuidanceIn concert with our other privacy initiatives, we provide up-to-the-minute guidance on common privacy compliance obligations as well as curated resources to empower businesses to quickly embrace best practices.
2019-20 Procedure Report
Read the Report
BBB EU Privacy Shield Program Fact Sheet
Learn More
Tips to Navigate GDPR: Webinar Recording
Watch it
Podcast: The Movement of Data Protection
Hear it
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the Privacy Shield Frameworks?
The EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were created as a mechanism for transferring personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce to support transatlantic commerce in coordination with the European Commission, in 2016, and Swiss Administration, in 2017, the Privacy Shield Frameworks replaced the former US-EU Safe Harbor Framework. The Privacy Shield promotes greater transparency around international data processing and enables U.S. businesses to demonstrate that their privacy practices meet data protection standards such as GDPR, including enhanced protections for consumers.Update, July 2020: please see our guidance on the Schrems II decision for up-to-date information about the status of the Privacy Shield Frameworks.
What does Privacy Shield mean for my business?
Privacy Shield helps U.S. businesses to receive
and process personal data from the EAA countries, the United Kingdom, and
Switzerland after self-certifying their adherence to the protections set
out in the Privacy Shield Principles. Your public
self-certification to Privacy Shield with the U.S. Department of Commerce
will ensure that European organizations and consumers know your business
provides enhanced privacy protection when:  You are expanding your operations into Europe and
collecting EU, U.K., or Swiss customer data; You are processing EU, U.K., or Swiss data in the
U.S. for a business partner using Privacy Shield; or In other situations where your business is using
personal data of EU, U.K., or Swiss individuals.
How can BBB EUPS help my business?
U.S. businesses that have committed to uphold the Privacy Shield Principles must provide an independent dispute resolution service to EU, U.K., or Swiss individuals whose personal data they process in the United States. BBB EU Privacy Shield was created to help businesses of all sizes meet this requirement. Benefits of BBB EU Privacy Shield: For your business: Demonstrated expertise in data privacy for more
than 20 years.  Practical assistance to businesses of all sizes
in navigating Privacy Shield requirements and the self-certification and
recertification processes.Ensures prompt responses to privacy inquiries and complaints.  For your consumers: BBB National Programs is the most trusted name in
consumer dispute resolution. Online complaints process provides accessible,
transparent dispute resolution, enhancing customer service. Services always provided free of charge to EU or
Swiss individuals. Speedy, impartial resolution through our staff
conciliation process or independent Data Privacy Review.
How can I join BBB EUPS and become certified in the Privacy Shield Frameworks?
You learn more about the steps to join our program by visiting this page:  How to Join
Read more FAQs
Contact Us
Contact BBB EU Privacy Shield
First Name
Last Name
Email
Organization
Leave Message
*Required fields
Submit
Connect with BBB EU Privacy Shield on LinkedIn