https://benefitslink.com/privacypolicy.html
DailyNewsletters
Subscribe (Free)
View Archive
Unsubscribe
Change
Email
Jobs &Résumés
Newest Jobs
Get Job Alerts
RSS Feeds
Post a Résumé
For Employers:
Résumés
Post a Job
News &Press Releases
Latest News
Press Releases
Submit a Press Release
MessageBoards
Latest Messages
List of Message Boards
Message Boards Digest
Subscribe to Digest
Webcasts &
Conferences
Upcoming
Recorded
Submit Yours
Research
Search
Subscribe Now!Free Daily News, Jobs, Webcasts, Discussions
Display and DistributeYour Job Openings
COVID-19 News
COVID-19 Webcasts
Featured Jobs
Director, Retirement Benefits
Wespath Benefits and Investments
(Telecommute / Glenview IL)
Product Support Consultant
ftwilliam.com, part of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory
(Telecommute / Madison WI)
5500 Specialist
401K Generation
(Altamonte Springs FL)
Plan Administrator
BlueStar Retirement Services, INC.
(Telecommute / Jacksonville FL)
Manager, Defined Contributions Administration
Definiti
(Telecommute / The Woodlands TX / University Place WA / Dallas TX / Erie PA / Canonsburg PA / West Palm Beach FL)
Defined Contribution Administrator
PACETPA
(Telecommute / Clovis CA / Las Vegas NV)
Senior Retirement Plan Administrator
Goldberg, Swedelson & Associates
(Telecommute / Encino CA)
Defined Contribution Plan Administrator
401k America
(Telecommute / Chino CA)
Director of Retirement Plan Services
Retirement Plan Resources [RPR]
(Louisville KY)
Client Service Manager
July Business Services
(Telecommute / Waco TX)
Retirement Plan Administrator
Carpenter Morse Group
(Telecommute / Longwood FL)
Free Daily News and Jobs
Retirement Plans Newsletter
Health & Welfare Plans Newsletter
Message Boards Digest
Job Alerts
Subscribe
“BenefitsLink continues to be the most valuable resource we have at the firm.”
-- An attorney subscriber
Privacy Policy for BenefitsLink.com and EmployeeBenefitsJobs.com
BenefitsLink.com, Inc. respects the privacy of our users. We have created this policy in order to demonstrate our privacy commitment to users of BenefitsLink.com and EmployeeBenefitsJobs.com (collectively, "BenefitsLink").
We will not distribute information that identifies you individually or reveals your identity (herein called "Identifying Information"), such as your email address, unless you give your prior approval in response to a request made by us or unless distribution of that information is permitted under this Privacy Policy.
We can provide Identifying Information to other parties if required by law, court order, or an enforceable request from a government or law enforcement authority.
Identifying Information will be available to other users of BenefitsLink to the extent you choose to post the information onto our message boards.
We may collect and use information about you and your use of BenefitsLink, including Identifying Information, for our own internal purposes such as, for example, analyzing usage of BenefitsLink in order to improve our web site. BenefitsLink logs IP addresses for systems administration, diagnostic and site tracking purposes, and to report aggregate information to advertisers. BenefitsLink does not link IP addresses to information identifying users individually.
We may use or distribute information about you and your use of BenefitsLink in ways that do not identify you individually or reveal your identity.
Companies that advertise on BenefitsLink may ask for Identifying Information from you (e.g., in connection with offers to provide free samples of their goods). If you provide this information to the advertiser, any use of that information by the advertiser is not covered by this Privacy Policy, which does not cover use of Identifying Information by parties other than BenefitsLink.
When you purchase products or services using our online store, Identifying Information included with your order is provided to the vendors of the products or services (e.g., a book publisher who needs the information to ship a book to you). Such a vendor might choose to make further use of that information, which would not be covered by this Privacy Policy.
In the course of its business, BenefitsLink might buy or sell its sites or assets. In these kinds of transactions, customer information (such as Identifying Information) usually is one of the transferred business assets. In the event that BenefitsLink, its subsidiaries or affiliates is acquired, merged, or otherwise combined with another party, customer information (such as Identifying Information) will be one of the transferred assets. We will not engage in such a transaction unless the other party or parties agrees to continue to honor this Privacy Policy with respect to any Identifying Information we have collected through the date of the transaction. (Please note that the Privacy Policy thereafter would be subject to change upon providing proper notice to you, as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.)
BenefitsLink may use other companies and persons to perform certain functions for us. These functions might include, for example, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, and sending e-mail. These other companies and persons may have access to customer information (such as Identifying Information) that's needed to perform their functions, but they are not authorized to use it for any other purposes.
Correcting or Removing Personal Information
The user is provided with a mechanism to modify any Identifying Information that has been registered with the site.
On our message boards, if a reader has registered as a user, the user can access his or her "Profile" once the user is logged on to the message boards. A Profile link will appear on a drop-down menu when the logged-in user clicks on his or her "display name." The Profile shows all of the personal information given to use by the user, which typically is provided to us during the registration process. The user can modify the information in the Profile at any time.
In the listing of Employee Benefits Candidates (résumés) on EmployeeBenefitsJobs.com, the user's resume can be accessed at https://employeebenefitsjobs.com/jobs/candidates_by_title.html. The user then would click on the link at the top of the resulting page that says "Click here to edit or delete this ad." After providing his or her previously-supplied password, the resulting page will display the most current personal information that the user has given us. The user may modify this information by overwriting the text boxes with new data, or may specify via a checkbox that the résumé is to be deleted entirely. By clicking the "Click to record changes (or delete)" button on that page, this new information will be stored as the user's résumé (or will be deleted, if the appropriate checkbox was checked).
You can unsubscribe from our daily BenefitsLink email newsletters and any other of our mailings at any time. No further use of your email address will be made. The unsubscription form can be accessed at https://benefitslink.com/cgi-bin/lists/unsub.cgi.
Security
BenefitsLink takes precautions to protect our users' information. When users submit information, it is protected both online and offline. BenefitsLink is hosted on a virtual server that is not shared with any sites that are not also controlled by us. No persons other than BenefitsLink employees have access to computer files used by BenefitsLink.
If you have questions about security at our website, you can send an e-mail to
Dave Baker (click).
Cookies and Web Beacons
A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored on your computer by a web page. It is used to identify you to the web server. It tells the server who you are when you return to a page on the same website. Your browser will only send a cookie back to the domain that originally sent it to you. A cookie cannot run any programs, deliver any viruses, or send back information about your system.
We use cookies to determine your access privileges on our websites (for example, the ability to post messages onto our message boards as a registered user), to complete and support a current activity, and to track website usage. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you should adjust your browser settings to decline them or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you decline cookies, you will still be able to use the Services, but your ability to access certain features and functions may be affected.
Because the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
"Analytics" cookies are cookies that are used to collect information to help us understand how our websites and services are being used (e.g., which pages are the most popular, and the effect of our having made changes to those page in order to improve them). These cookies are served by Google Analytics. To opt-out please click here for Google Analytics.
"Social networking" cookies are cookies that enable you to use Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. These cookies are served by Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn, if you click on one of their icons that appears on our websites or newsletters (which takes you to particular pages on those websites that contain content posted by us). To opt-out please use:
for Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings
for Twitter: https://twitter.com/personalization
for LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls?trk
A "web beacon" is an invisible electronic image that is used to track certain information. We use web beacons in the newsletters and certain other emails we send to you. The information gathered from the web beacons, such as who opened emails or clicked on links in the emails, allows us to measure the success of our emailings so that we can improve our services.
Third-Party Content and Links to Other Web Sites
Our web sites and newsletters contain optional links to third party Internet web sites and services (e.g., links to news items published on other web sites, job advertisements by employers on employeebenefitsjobs.com, and banner/graphic ads on our websites or in our newsletters). You acknowledge that these third parties may collect data from users or their computers. The accessing and use of third party web sites or services is at your own risk because we cannot control the privacy practices, policies or actions of those third parties. Our Privacy Policy applies only to our services, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third parties when using their web sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to modification from time to time via the posting of a notice at this URL for at least 30 days that the BenefitsLink Privacy Policy has been changed, except that we will send an email to you 30 days before we implement a change in this Privacy Policy that would provide Identifying Information to persons in a way that is not already described in the Privacy Policy. Should you wish to opt-out of such modifications to the Privacy Policy, you may do so by following the instructions that will appear at this URL or in the aforesaid e-mail.
BenefitsLink.com, Inc. 1298 Minnesota Avenue, Suite H Winter Park, FL 32789
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact the BenefitsLink webmaster by e-mail:
Dave Baker (click).
(This privacy policy was adopted on July 11, 2001; no substantive amendments have occurred since that date.)
About Us
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Post a Job
Advertise in the BenefitsLink Newsletters
Submit a News Item, Press Release, Webcast or Conference
Contact Us
Payment Portal
RSS for New Jobs
RSS feed for Daily Newsletters
© 2020 BenefitsLink.com, Inc.